🚧 When was the first time you heard of Arecibo? 👷 Check out my coverage of other engineering events: https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLTZM4MrZKfW_kLNg2HZxzCBEF-2AuR_vP
You're a little effeminate but I like your content.
Great explanation of why Arecibo failed.  I always wondered why the installation was abandoned.
The US stopped footing the bill. Full stop. Panama is the third world.
I dont understand the purpose of exploring space if not to justify spending and money laundering.
You are ignoring why it was such a well known structure. Yes scientifically it was important, of course it was, but its appearance in the James Bond film ‘Goldeneye’ was what made it so recognisable to a global audience. I was extremely saddened by reports of its demise. It was an incredibly interesting structure.
amazing drone was there
my theory: underfunding killed it bc giving tax exemptions to the rich tends to be considered more important
This happened 5 years ago Already !? And we haven’t rebuilt still 😳  Also Ironic how it just did a Goldeneye just not crushing a double agent 😅
Tofu dregs, translates to shoe string crappy 😅
Is it me or does it look like it's held up with strings??😂😂😂 Tofu
It failed because it was man made.
Incredible to see up close. Photos and video really do not do it justice in the least.
Every time I see this thing I think of GoldenEye. Not even going to watch the video. Just wanted to see who else remembers
Come on you billionaires out there. Make a new one ....it will be pocket change for you.
sorry me and buddy got into a tank some alcohol was involved and well one thing led to another ......ya so sorry about the telescope bud.
You should talk about their electric grid too
👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻
I'm surprised it lasted as long as it did.
Maybe one in future with dug into the ground dish with the receiver in the focus mounted on a diameteical beam at the ground level .So without towers and much rigid-positioned receiver.
007 finished the job
I worked at a rigging supplier for awhile. We regularly tested materials on our 200 ton test bed. We would pull our products to failure. If the rope failed at over 3 times its rated limit, it passed. Most products could be pulled to well beyond 5 times their rated capacity.
the cables didn't have a coating
O come on!  I saw the movie, it was  destroyed to stop an alien invasion.
Golden Eye!
I'm no engineer by any stretch of imagination, but it seems to me that three towers simply was not enough. Six towers maybe?
Wow!...just..Wow!...thanks for creating & sharing...Wow again! #Engineering #Physics #Science #PortaRico
Guarantee it's a lot of BF4 references in the comments...
i bet someone jewish owned it....and then put insurance on it and some horrible luck and bam...payout.  SEEMED to happen on 9/11 to. Odd that a 4k 60 fps cam was pointing right at it as it ''failed''.
Yeah “telescope” that’s what it is 😉 … we all know it’s the control and communication array for the Soviet goldeneye emp satellite weapon
Probably one of saddest days in science. I find myself watching the movie Contact just for some nostalgia. I too hope a more advanced but equally as exciting device replaces it.
this telescope was featured in so many movies.... first contact, species, independence day.... damm it's gone.... a relic of the past... amazing
this is in the game battlefield 4,  It was everyone's main job to cut the wires, and collapse it!
I destroyed this telescope more times than I can remember in BF4
Did it in battlefield first
It’s also one of the most iconic movie locations. But it’s crazy that it actually collapsed
Without watching this, I'm pretty sure it collapsed when Bond broke it, and it fell on Trevelyan. The collapse also killed Boris Grishenko in a roundabout way.
8 The Arecibo Observatory Is More Than Just a Telescope | WIRED The Arecibo Observatory in Puerto Rico was a famous astronomical facility known for its massive 305-meter radio telescope, which was the world's largest for decades before its collapse in December 2020. Following the collapse, the observatory was permanently closed to the public, and the telescope will not be rebuilt. The site is now being converted into an educational center, the Arecibo Center for STEM Education and Research (ACSER), to continue its legacy of science, technology, engineering, and math (STEM) education.   Observatory history and significance Construction and operation: The observatory was built between 1960 and 1963 and was the site of many important astronomical discoveries, including finding exoplanets and studying gravitational waves. Cultural impact: It was featured in popular media, such as the films Contact and GoldenEye.  Collapse and aftermath Collapse: In late 2020, two separate cable failures led to the collapse of the observatory's 900-ton receiver platform onto the dish below on December 1, 2020.  Reasons for collapse: The collapse was caused by long-term cable failures, with a report citing the "long-term zinc creep-induced failure" as the root cause. The initial damage from Hurricane Maria exacerbated the issues with the support cables.  Future plans: In October 2022, the National Science Foundation (NSF) announced it would not rebuild the telescope due to the cost and safety concerns.  New educational facility: The site is being developed into an educational center called ACSER, which aims to continue the observatory's legacy of STEM education and workforce development.
They found aliens
1:24 I have this on 16mm film. It’s the 1973 documentary Other Planets: No Place Like Earth.
The cradle level in N64 Goldeneye is based on this
007, tun tun tun tun... (Tina Turner follows)
IT'S THE REAL LIFE SCENE FROM GOLDENEYE 1995. IT'S ALSO IN CONTACT 1997.
What really happened?  I've got insider information that an MI6 agent was forced to destroy it while chasing a rogue MI6 agent that had stolen a Russian EMP weapon. 😎
For england James?
Love your educational videos.  Any update on this story?
First time I was aware of Arecibo was after watching the film Contact starring Jodie Foster amongst others around 1997. Seems  like a lack of maintenance / cost/ funding. Obsolescence.
I did not feel its loss 😂
Not one mention to golden eye
Battlefield 6 out today.
Next update for Voices of the Void
I haven't watched the video yet but I think it's either James Bond blowing up the Goldeneye facility, or some Recon player with C4 triggering the map's levolution.
a tool for lying. not be missed
Is one needed if there is a more modern site elsewhere or is there a slightly parochial nationalistic theme at work? If so the conclusions are that primary research has, in the fashion of geo politics, inevitably moved on?
Bond, the equalizer 😂
12:52 very suspicious
After hurricane maria, reinforcement was ignored
Apart from any past discoveries it made, Arecibo received a $5.8 million grant from the National Science Foundation (NSF) to install a phased-array feed that was scheduled for completion by 2022. They received it in 2018 and knew THEN the arrays collapse was imminent. It collapsed in 2020 and they kept the money, Never spending one penny on its intended use. I'd like to know who got it and where it went before I say anything positive about Arecibo. That destroys any credibility related to previous funding. Arecibo's entire financial history should be audited before the group that ran it is allowed to receive another penny of funding
How did I not hear about this? I first saw in in Contact. It was so cool. Sad to see it go.
Why are they showing the dish in Cuba that controlled the Goldeneye.  That where 007 killed 006!
I'm assuming large arrays are FAR more useful AND more maintainable/redundant than this initially  'Build it big to fight the Ruskies!" MILITARY-ONLY mission.
Typical safety factors for cable rigging are 8 to 1
Love the vid!!
I spoke with my professor who was working on a R1 academic team tasked to analyze the failures in the collapse of this telescope.  His team's leading theory is that the condensed radio waves of the telescope can cause a faint electrical current to be generated along the cables nearby. It isn't much, but it doesn't need to be. These electrical currents would have decades to work, slowly weakening connection points until the rated strength is a thing of the past.  10:17 I don't think many realize just how crazy the failure rate at 62% rated strength is. When stress testing materials you generally set the rated strength WELL BELOW the actual strength it can tolerate, sometimes being half of what it can handle. It is akin to a cable that normally breaks at 200lbs eventually breaking at just 60lbs. Without a very good explanation as to how it became so weak the difference is staggering.
It's very simple. No preventative maintenance.
I thought it got destroyed by James Bond during the Golden Eye Mission !!!!!
The reality is it's custodians neglected it until it failed. Absolutely disgusting behaviour.
can we have a follow up on the forensic investigations into these faiures ?
세계적인 케이블생산 공장은 코리아에 있습니다~  상담해보시면 좋은 정보를 얻을 수 있을 것입니다~
Speaking of collapses …. Got that answer on the Twin Towers yet ??!! 😂😂😂😂
Reengineer the scope and rebuild a better stronger one!
I remember this from that one James Bond movie
Wonder how many people get this recommended to them because of BATTLEFIELD 4.  lol.  Loved this map.
"Replace it with something as forward looking.."  JWT says hi.
It was destroyed on purpose because they found something with it in outer space that they didn’t want anyone knowing about.
I would hate to be one of the employees who had to cross that catwalk just to fix something, just watching this is getting my palms sweaty
Interesting, i always assumed the dish was poured concrete.
Didn’t they film A James Bond movie at the site? Goldeneye I’m thinking.
Its been abandoned for decades with zero maintenance so no real loss as left to rot, utterly pathetic and pointless have to design a repair by modelling who whole thing errr no dig out tue blue prints a recreate.  Pathetic but tuen its Florida management the whole state is bankrupt now anyway 😂. It was 60 year old steel that is why it snapped.
Some sniper was camping on top so me and my boyz destroyed the cables with C4
Thank you for the very informative assessment and history of the dish. Look forward to more scientific and engineering explanations for knowledge boosting.
It's even more impressive when you know it can submerge itself to hide under a man made lake!
Wow, I didn't even know it had collapsed!
My favorite thing about this video is that the current engineers automatically blame the people who built it. It was a first of its kind.
Still amazes me that in the game battlefield 4 which plays out in "2020" predicted this so well...
What is the fascination these huge companies have with Hanging these massive structures with huge cables???! They could easily build a Center Tower through the Center of the dish!!! The center is hardly used at all.More overthinking and wasteless engineering! Do I need to build a model!!??? Silly fools
Thank you I enjoyed your video very much.
I wonder if those spelter terminals were made in China ?
Personally, I think the saddest part of the collapse is the lack of vision it demonstrates. 70yrs ago, people decided to build this fantastic structure to do science and learn about the universe. Where's that impulse now? There's no chance something as incredible as Arecibo would even be conceived in 2025 let alone built!  Thanks to "social media" the worst pandemic to hit the human race, we are devolving at a great, and growing rate.
Dont paint weather proof it! rust never sleeps😮
It could hear😅
It was a gem
Pronounced arse-ee-bo
For England James?
"For England, James?" "No. For me."   Who else watched this because they remembered it from GoldenEye?
The reason it was built explains why it failed. It was never ment to last for a long time
I hope that the Hubble telescope's rope is strong - wouldnt want that landing on my head!
Just Cause 2 anyone?
Well, you know, some girls came over there was some drinking and some dancing. It got a little crazy, and the next thing you know, here we are!
One of my favorite Battlefield maps
006: For England James?   007: No, for me.
Been there (all the way from Australia)...and loved it and Puerto Rico!!!  Arecibo Observatory should have been rebuilt.
1. Didn't know it had failed(!) 2. Thought, at the start of the video, "I hope there's drone footage...but what are the chances of that?" 3. Didn't know what it looked like underneath the dish. Very interesting summary, this, and the drone footage is golden. Eye.
It's a pity that we didn't find the money to save this wonderful telescope.  The government doesn't have the money to maintain unique scientific equipment, but it does have the money to supply weapons to The Ukraine.
It’s truly unbelievable and sad that nothing was done to save this device.
I visited this observatory back in the 90's, and was very impressed indeed. Fascinating building that thing in the middle of mountains, and it was fairly remote to get there. It's too bad it failed, but after all that time, and all the salty environment, I'm sure it was a maintenance nightmare. The drone footage was very well timed. Glad nobody was hurt. I doubt it would ever be rebuilt, or at lease in its original design. Time will tell.
Excellent
I know there were more effective receivers by then, but I was so very deeply sad when I heard that it failed. It seemed emblematic to me of a decline of our culture.
It fell down some stairs.
Wait is this what that one battlefield 4 map is based off of? I might be wrong on the version but there was one with one giant dish like this one in the video
Cool that they managed to capture so much. I did see a black strap around two of the cables. Looks like something thats not supposed to be there, if it was used for significant lifting it cant be good for the cable.
Battlefield predicted this
Wait, where'd bearded Grady go? I was beginning to like that dude.. 😕
Another sign of the slow backslide society is engaged in.
Those engineers did an amazing job at cashing their paychecks on time.
I smell something fishy.  The procrastination and foot dragging of repairing the structure sounds like total caa-caa to me.  Someone wanted that thing out of the picture for some reason.
Real Reason, government in Puerto Rico do not maintain anything there. The Government dry the people and their style of living to nothing.
Did it fall on Sean Bean?
How are there green plants under this thing which only just broke?
Now the lies are buried with it.
"these results are years away", let me guess.. is the government doing investigation? because who in the right mind needs years? 🤣🤣
so basically they were too late because they were playing with software instead of fixing it it right away when first cable broke and then only after they can try to upgrade it
For England, James!  No Alec, for me.
Meticulous narration and content delivered by Grady Hillhouse.
No dope heads died, people.  If they cant deliver funds or resources to their people during a Huricane what makes u think they are going to maintain this structure?
"For England James?"...  "No. For Mankind"
15:02 when you messure distance with time:
Any possibility that a drone made the cable vibrate and fail  just with it's noise or thrust?
13:37 "For England, James?"
Aliens did it with sully and mulder.
usually when you start retro fitting extra devices to the existing structure your asking for trouble.during the cable collapse you can tell the load wasnt distributed correctly.the much smaller cabel failed late showing it probably had very little load on it to begin with.all the cables both old and new should have equal load.
At least it lives on in Goldeneye.
This was an excellent review of the history and tragedy of the Arecibo Telescope. Well Done! and thank you very much!
Well look at that - never would have guessed how cultured battlefield was making me
This is what happens when you Cut Government Spending, Infrastructure Crumbles
My favorite map in battlefield 4
And i just wanted to study 😂
Another great quality video, Grady!  Thanks.
in December 2020? wrong, its was destroyed in 1996 when it fell on 00 Agent Trevelyan.
the TOP-2-reazonz for failure are:   NEGLECT/'human-errror'  &,  Human-error.
Collapsing empire.
Levolution!!!
When I heard that it had collapsed, the very first thing I did was make sure Sean Bean hadn't been killed in the collapse.
Amazing!
It was such a sad sight of such an iconic structure.
For England, James
The thing was just old. It wasn't designed right to hold up all that weight for such a long time. The fact that it lasted as long as it did was a miracle in itself. But anything more than 50 years old is going to fail. That's just the way it is.
007 golden eye
Woah 🤯
I remember learning about this place in school. Probably 2006 or 2007 in the second grade 😂 my town has a very huge Puerto Rican population and I saw so many projects where this place was mentioned as something to take pride in. It's sad to see it fall this way..
Well, they found the safest way to demolish it. Accidentally 😅
Bf4
Bad steel made in China.
They, let it Collapse!!! To use, China’s radio telescope! Doesn’t, take a rocket scientist.
That sucks
after a WHILE it becomes a little GRATING  the way they TALK in these kind of VIDEOS
Who else ran across that thing dozens of times in golden eye 007?
Cant help but think Golden Eye was shot there when i see it.
006: "For Englad James."  007: "No. For me."
you're pronouncing Arecibo wrong.... you have to pronounce all the vowels, {A Reh See Bow}.  I first heard about this Radio Telescope in the movie Contact with Jodie Foster.
"I am invincible!"
una pena ni un peso le metieron
Now I imagine that there might have been some financial aspect to it, but on racing yachts we replace our standing rigging (the rigging wires and turnbuckles and fittings etc) at least every year. Cruising yachts tend to leave it for 5 to 10 years before replacing their rigs. As far as I know, the rigging wire on a yacht has NEVER failed (at least I’ve never heard of it) It is always, without fail, the fittings on either end that go first. My point being that regular replacement of the wires and their associated fittings  could have avoided this specific incident. That does mean, however, that something else would have given way. This would also incur a pretty big cost. The last time I had my rig redone it was in the vicinity of $35000, which is for a boat nowhere near even half as big as they get. I can’t imagine the cost to replace these wires every year or few years but it would have to be in the millions. Not sure how much the whole thing cost to build in the first place but there’s a chance that over its lifetime, more would have been spent on the wires than anything else.
That drone shot was epic!
https://youtu.be/x6hsdWGF0no
James Bond had a hand in its collapse....
American engineering was the problem, americans have no idea how to engineer anything. Just compare american cars compared to german or japanese ones. God bless america however please dont build anything important as we know it'll be poorly constructed
GOLDENEYE
My opinion is it was sabotage that took the first cable down. Fake worries made about cables that would never fail. Then they failed. Someone set a torch and heated the cable soldering. The second cable shouldn't have ever broke.
Such ashame. I love the SETI Pharos album, which has a disc named after Arecibo, and I believe utilizes authentic sounds related to astronomy and the SETI project search data
Goldeneye
Now it’s a totally sick skate park.
Every time I see this telescope the first thing I think of is the James Bond movie GoldenEye, I loved that movie! I watched it so much I had it memorized word for word! I also had the video game too!
Glad that nobody was hurt and it was realized that they knew it was going to come down
the beginning reminds   me of playing on one of the maps in battlefield 3
That's a conspiracy, its copper theft who did that 😂😂😂😂 " please note that this is sarcasm "
You know if you were a 90s kid you know this from Golden EYE
Sean bean fell on it
Amazing that it happened just when powerful people needed a place beyond the ability to regularly inspect, for a Stem facility that no one wants or needs.   Truly fortuitous for them.
How on earth i didn't know it fell???
haha wow,facenating!!
Goldeneye brought me here
I think another report was released recently, any chance of an update?
It will make a nice skateboard park
All I could think of was “For England James?”
What happened was the laundered tax dollars went elsewhere.
The Vatican has a huge telescope in Antarctica and they are tight lipped on why and what they are scanning   A radio telescope in Antarctica is CRAZY Being built and owned by the VATICAN ??!!! THAT'S CRAZY X 10  The conspiracies are all being revealed and shown to be absolutely true
James Bond happened.. duh.
It was destroyed on purpose.
They never should have let Janus use it for the Goldeneye satellite.  That probably contributed to the collapse.
Wasnt there a big bond movie scene filmed there? Cant remember but at a guess i think it was moonraker.... He slides from the rim to the middle while being pewpewed at...
This is what happens when wealthy ppl have to pay to clean up their toys... they don't and just leave it to rot, endangering the rest of the population.
BF4 happened
If I remember correctly, bond put a bar into the rotation chain and ultimately failed.
James Bond 😢
This gives me flashbacks to when battlefield was good
Growing up in PR, the Arecibo Observatory has always been part of our history and scientific culture. As a puertorican (and practical engineer myself) I'm very appreciative of your excellent video - very well documented, with engaging visuals and on-point explanations. ¡Gracias! 🔴
even in its final seconds it was giving us valuable data (cable pressures and the like)
Goldeneye N64...
Arecibo.. the final resting place of Alec Trevelyan.
I really felt sad about this place falling apart so I hope it respawns like in BF4
RIP golden eye James bond
Good video
Y ur mouth so big
James Bond broke it
For England, James?
Cradle!! Good times....🥲
I'm not an engineer just a backyard mechanic, the weakest point of anything is where it's terminus is, for example a vehicle exhibiting electrical issues will most likely have a bad power or ground cable failure, when you inspect where the ground connects to the body you'll find corrosion and the wires will be able to be pulled out with little effort, these massive cables are no different, people don't realize how destructive being near the can be on steel especially, many years of constant exposure to salt in the atmosphere will weaken and destroy metal. A vehicle out west where there is hardly any rain and no use of salt on roads will last indefinitely because they don't rust, contrast that with a vehicle in the Midwest or east where they salt the roads heavily in winter some vehicles that are only five years old are ready for the junk yard, some places with a lot of dirt roads salt them year round to keep the dust down, these cables were simply past their sell by date.
They just "happened" to b recording with a drone as it snaps n breaks.🤔😉🤫
It´s time to rebuild it.
The reason why evolution of humanity has slowed down is because the people that lead has no knowledge about their projects, and no intellect about leadership or taking action. Most likely because governments have wanted to lower costs and schools have started to focus on the wrong things
Fricking engineers, they had 3 months to fix it, but they wanted a design first. They should have but back a new wire with a crane and re tighten it, then re force it. But they took to long, then it broke more and more
So... not because of James Bond putting a stop to some evil plan?
So cool to have been there!!! Still have pictures!!!
Good video and story telling.
It's fascinating to witness the failure in real time, such a large structure collapsing gives such insight to what weights they must be designed for. It's sad to loose such a marvelous scientific instrument so pertinent to the communities around it, but at the same time it's a great opportunity for new knowledge as well as seeing that there are no injuries allowing us to more fully enjoy this opportunity with out the guilt of loss.
FYI, the National Academies/NSF have released their report on the cause, and it's an interesting best guess. Ad Astra has a discussion on it:   https://youtu.be/Jhv44CduX8k?si=KZ9ZG9ApgD5oQ_8A
Sounds like a classic insurance job. Must've been one hell of a payout.
grew up with this in Golden Eye.
Wasn't this thing in a James Bond movie
It has been over three years since this video was uploaded, are there any updates available?
Its sad that it was just a huge waste of time and money .
Bond , James Bond.
Good narration and illustrations. Interesting documentary.
What happened to it? Call me crazy, but I'll bet it had something to do with material degradation and the force of gravity.
Sue England for the Damages
Sorry, i shot slightly to the left with the tank
The Radioscope simply couldn't handle the years of weight the Puerto Ricans visiting it took out on it- and threw in the towel. The fatties coming out of there couldn't have been anticipated before the advent of doughnuts and Coca-Cola, which were seldom consumed then, but are on a daily basis of basically every person on the island. Plus, rampant anal sex led to a sharp decline in births, allowing the fewer young people= to consume more food.
The cables were just worn out after years of hurricanes and salt air.
Maybe James Bind left one of his gadgets behind him.
I have a more fundamental question - why is it the taxpayers' obligation to fund astronomy?
So the engineers were thinking thinking and thinking while the structure fell to pieces.... good job
Golden Eye!
Hearing that growing up in Puerto Rica almost certainly included a field trip to Arecibo makes me super jelly (jealous).
"Everything that comes up, comes down" ahh situation
I find it very suspicious that this happened, and something no one wants or needs gets put in its place, in an area that is not easy to get to where unwanted oversight can be controlled
great video
Wasn't this the last level in GoldenEye?
How many Hollywood movies used this in the story line. 1.  Contact
It's a terrible loss of a structure, but if it had to go, at least we captured some amazing footage of it!
too long, unnecessary introduction. thumb down
I'm really glad I got a chance to see it in person playing Goldeneye as a child.
Well pragmatically we now have to look forward to its replacement somewhere on the planet. Thats something to look forward to.  RIP old antenna, thank you for your service to humanity.  Long live the next one!
The year when structures starting breaking like Georgia stones
Oooo perfect beyblade stadium,,lol
I'm here because of Goldeneye.
Pretty sure this was in the movie goldeneye
You would make an amazing university professor. What a clear and organized presentation of the information. Well done, really enjoyed watching this. 👏👏👏
12:41, it looks so much like something that happened in apperture laborotorys.
I worked on this years ago, I know who made the cables, His name was Colin mcwankshaft, to memory he was from texas, we often voiced our concerns about his cable skills, well look now at your inabilities mcwankshaft.!!!!!
It was definitely Trevelyan
illuminatti behind it.
WE REBUILD IT BETTER!
I was sad when I heard that the Arecibo Telescope had fallen. I hope that a new upgraded telescope will be built and safely installed.
“This radio telescope is falling apart, it just doesn’t know it yet 🎅🎅🎅🦀💵”
JAMES BOND 007 DESTROYED IT ! ! !
just watched this, any new information worthy of an update?
Ha ha ha you believe in the future…….  Come get some of my future watch out it’s all true
I thought it was destroyed by James bond when he stopped Alec Trevelyan in 1995 from contacting the GoldenEye satellite.
What happened to it? Dude, they literally did a whole movie on it. That treveylan guy got owned and everything.
Not to mean but look at it . Before it fell ... It looked like a ruin unkept yet constantly demanded from and when it fails we wonder why.
It makes me wonder if the main issue was that there was no way to deload the system so that cables / towers can be inspected, fixed or replaced.
Classic case of something that should have been repaired and would have been repaired if multiple groups of engineers hadn't been in evolved. They could have replaced each cable one by one if they would have just done it instead of spending years wasting time on computer prediction tests.
007 classic spot
It even fell like in battlefield
The Way most universities work is they build up a couple of very strong departments with good well known faculty that gets grants--It is that department helps to bring fame to that university. The upper administration rewards and brags on those famous departments.    Against this trend, the keepers of the Arecibo antenna went it to the University of Central Florida and a small weak, almost-department of astronomy. Nothing but a cooperative weak senior administration there would justify such an assignment.      Not long after UCF became the custodian, the Arecibo big antenna fell down. The cover story is it rusted but if you look at the video of the hold-down parts-- you will only see exploding concrete around them-- not any rust. Little green frog wants to know IF Arecibo antenna was destroyed to stop its use for UFO communication? Having been a suffering faculty at UCF, frog is very suspicious.
Come on, we all know james bond broke it its not thet complex
All these years later and I still mourn you, Arecibo. So many events have happened where you could have been an intrinsic part of our understanding.
Unfortunately, this is precisely what happens when academics are placed in charge, as opposed to those who do rigging in the “real world”. They work from theoreticals.
-For England James?! -No for me
What happened to this radio telescope? Negligence of maintenance. As soon as the USA Government Maintenance Program wasn’t Approved for the appropriate funds. To perform any maintenance required to this radio telescope. To prevent exactly what happened to this radio telescope over a long period of time . What a shame that this Radio Telescope wasn’t provided the funds for it to be properly maintained. When it was constructed it was ahead of its time. As time passed and technology advanced, many technological upgrades could have been added to this radio telescope. That is now only worth scrap metals prices. To repair this radio telescope now. Would cost more than constructing a new one. It will cost more to deconstruct and haul away this radio telescope to a scrap metal yard. Then it’s actually worth in scrap metal prices. The biggest thing at slowing down the deconstruction of this radio  telescope. Is getting around all the different bureaucratic barriers that exist throughout the US Federal Government and the Puerto Rican Government. The smartest thing to do concerning this radio telescope. NOTHING, allowing it to decompose naturally. Only removing all a Hazmat liquids and or materials that exist in this radio telescope. Just to accomplish the safe removal and safe disposal of any Hazmat liquids or materials that may exist in this radio telescope. The bureaucratic alphabet lettered US government agencies. Will cause an almost impenetrable barrier. To get all the permits approved to move forward.
I am from canada and never knew about this telescope. I learned a lot in this video. Thank you man.
So rebuild it
There weren’t 3000 casualties from the hurricanes. There were empty houses that the genuises at Harvard deducted meant that the occupants were dead. But no bodies of that magnitude were found to prove their assumptions and they most likely just fled to the mainland
Well if you keep expensive stuff in third world dumpsters of course it won’t be taken care of properly. They steal the money used for repairs so of course this happens
Lack of maintaince and upgrades to structure. Lobg warned about before collapse
What better metaphor for how we’ve become so self absorbed rather than looking to the stars.
This thing fell down due to us not keeping it up to date, let alone safe for all workers!!
Trevelyan’s fall really weakened it
Anything that degrades into disrepair was never important. 😢
This was 3 years ago already. Feels like it was just last year it collapsed
hold up the map on battlefield was based on this… hate to break it to you i’ve been dropping this for years now 😂😂😂
For England, James?
The National Science did right taking over the largest telescope of the time. In peacetime it was used for serene endeavors. Those 3 towers to keep the platform aloft were a quintessential feat of engineering. Forensic investigation finds out the causes of this event to avoid repetition of this incident in the future but the results might be years away. Salty air from the sea nearby may have affected tge strength of the metal cables. To build enough confidence aerospace rigorously tests and does stern modeling. Its a unique facility.
00:05 The collapse of the Arecibo telescope in 2020 was a significant loss to scientific research and symbolized humanity's exploration of the universe. 02:28 Arecibo's iconic radio telescope utilized a unique design for steering and focusing signals. 04:36 Arecibo Telescope's structural support and upgrades 06:46 Arecibo faced devastation and funding issues 09:02 Structural model used for predicting cable behavior and evaluating options for relieving tension 11:10 Efforts to save the Arecibo Telescope structure faced insurmountable risks. 13:23 Arecibo Telescope suffered major damage and loss of instruments 15:37 Arecibo telescope cables had a factor of safety of two
yeah they probably should have used more cables!
RIP Cradle
In theater, our factor of safety is 10.
Heard there a dinosaur there too
my bad, that was just my battlefield gameplay
What really happened ? mechanical failure then gravity took over.
I was under the impression from people who had visited the telescope that it was a known thing that the telescope was due to fall roughly around the time that it did. It had not been receiving nearly the required funding it needed to maintain the facility, which to be fair is in a very difficult to maintain area.
2020 was a fien disaster year i tell you…. Maybe not as world ending as some prophesised but disastrous none the less.
RIP Arecibo.
Everyone knows James Bond destroyed it to stop the Russians from destroying England
It’s failed because James Bond had a shootout in it.
"For England James" "No for me"  im here bc GoldenEye
failure was answered in first explanation of the spelter sockets..... zinc.... this was an electrical device and zinc acts as an anode when exposed to electrolysis, zinc corrodes faster, much faster than steel and its worrying that this widely known but used at all... zinc was eaten away by corrosion and the socket failed
It was james bond
I'm really liken this video....
Now it's being slowly taking down hopefully to be replaced with better materials
I think this was simply manifested by the thousands of recreations in BattleField 4
This is the Aracebo Affect
Gravity happened.
Today's structural engineers are so smart!  They can't timely fix a telescope designed by real people with slide rules.  Bridges in Texas are another example of sixty year old structures unable to be replaced without work stoppages and excessive cost overruns of replacement bridges.  Structural engineering is in a crisis.  Safety factor = 0.
For england James? No, for me
And to top it all off, it fell on Sean Bean.
Engineering already takes a lot of time to solve problems as efficient and safe as possible. But when useless politicians argue about things to do it or not using a hypocritic reason that "its peoples money we be spending" will further delay any mediation needed even to facilities that made everything we enjoy now possible.  then some others will say will it if were not for military uses or application, we won't have these "nice things" today. But can we take a step back and ask, does it have to be a military reason for an idea or tech to be researched and develop yet we say to ourselves we are the world's stewards and peacekeepers?
That must of been when it fell on sean bean.
You mean it was not destroyed by James Bond in Goldeneye?  😅🤔 How disappointing. 🤐
It collapsed in 1995.
My favorite sniper spot playing Golden Eye...
Just finding this out.  How sad!
Things started going down for Arecibo when Jodie Foster and Matthew McConaughey filmed the least interesting scenes in the movie "Contact" there. Eh? Because of...well. Forget it. It sounded clever in my head. Bailing.
I clicked on this because bf4
Probably not financially viable but I hate the money rules it. Can it be re-built with modern upgrades?. Arecibo is a boyhood fan of mine
Was so lucky to see it. Before.
this will finally stop wasting our taxes for nothing.
Radio telescope can reduce crop time to give birth to human need no prenancy or erase or restore materials or energy need no supply but do we really want no human because after that everything is automatic and robotic and it can create even planets or sun moon earth ect
Grady has no furniture.
Fox Mulder found more evidence of Aliens.
What does arecibo and alec baldwin have in common? Rust destroied both of them. LMAO
Its nice that China had somebody work out the whole enchilada ahead of time -
Trisolaris ended the call.
It's a real shame that it collapsed. What's to stop them building 3 new towers at 60 degrees to the exist ones and re-cabling it?
007 GoldenEye^^
17:10 Vu en vrai lors d'1 voyage , dans les années 90, ....j'etais au collège ,j'avais été époustouflé par cette ingénierie,  et par la beauté du site.
Answer: Nothing we didn't already know.
That’s easy, Bond blew it up and it crashed on top of Trevelyan 😂
Longer observation times do not affect resolution. The longer times affect light accumulation and reduce noise allowing us to see with greater sensitivity but not resolution.
It failed because the government dosnt invest money into technology that dosnt melt children in the foreign countries 😢
I never knew that the dish wasn't made from concrete. The way it was actually build is amazing.
As a native Puerto Rican I find this article interesting….however in the island
For England, James? "No. For me."
We all know James Bond destroyed it to prevent the Goldeneye from destroying all the electronics in London.
Hi Grady. Thanks so much for this clear and concise run down on the engineering behind Arecibo. I'm in my 70s and ever since I was a boy I've been inspired by this structure. I was saddened by its demise and in a very real way devastated by its collapse. Your clear-eyed appreciation for the facility and its important work over the years is greatly appreciated.  I've driven by the VLA, and even that fleeting glimpse was impressive. And, of course, there are larger radio telescopes,  such as the ALMA on the high plain of the Atacama Desert in Chile. But—China's larger facility aside—Arecibo's unique size and natural setting will always serve as an important statement about humankind's irrepressible curiosity. My thanks again for making this video.  FH
Why am I not suprised that Arecibo had a military function first?
They found an actual signal then destroyed it 😂
Rather than repair it, they should just scrap it and do a new one.
What happened? It was Bond, James Bond.
All I see is MPCs and M1-A2s.
Use of subpar materials during the construction.
Thank you.  I had always wondered what caused Arecibo's demise.  I ignorantly thought it was due to local government no longer supporting maintenance.  I had no idea it's history or that the NSF actually controlled the site.
0:00 pov you just c4 the last support cable
The antenna system was purposefully destroyed by shadowy figures who do not want to let sheeple people even think about other entities on other planets somewhere. The US government is reported to have killed many UFO experts to hide their knowledge from the sheeple. Cracking this ARECIBO structure down was small potatoes. , you tell me, have you ever seen good looking, non-rusted cable fail like this. It even looks like a remotely triggered bomb destroyed the hold -down spots. Don't trust it's last administrator, the University of Central Florida, to tell anybody the truth about anything.
There must have been a rogue transmission
Fascinating... It's a failure of humanity how this was allowed to happen. Thankfully, no one lost their lives. The engineers examining this phenomenon are amazing
Wasn't this in GoldenEye?
i first saw this telescope in the movie Contact
It’s so important because its in the iconic movie James Bond, and that why it failed he landed on it from like 150 feet in the air and must of damaged the supports
I was devastated when I learned of this.
"They"........ must be tired of our troublesome attempts to eavesdrop on galactic conversations and our attempts to escape our prison............think about it.....
wow in bf4 the towers have 4 cable to the devs rwaly did a goos job making this thing
I'm sure the Chinese will gladly let us use their new one......or not.
You don't really need to be a  engineer to see the environment together with the increased weight placed on the cables over time and the lack of any meaningful upgrades would lead to issues .. and what do you know ..
*For England, James?*
If only Elon Musk would get involved  and upgrade this site.
James Bond sends his regards. Golden Eye
So, detection of nuclear weapons activation is not peaceful?  They weren't launching nukes.
Great presentations
Thanks for the info
006 and 007 had a fight.  Sorry. Its literally my first thought at the thumbnail.
This is part of my teenage memories. America has money for all the wars in the world but not for these science projects or the homeless on its streets.
The fact that it could emit (work as a radar) was amazing.  It was crucial in mapping asteroids and other near earth orbit items.
This is why we can’t have nice things.
Government wanted it to happen. Thermite paint!
I think we all know James Bond blew it up and killed 008 in the process. 😂😂😂 But despite that this was a very interesting video.
I was fortunate enough to visit Arecibo in 1999 while on the island building out the last mile portions of the PR Star network. The other systems engineer for our company was the luckiest, being invited to work out on the platform to assist in changing a line feed. The shear size of the telescope was beyond impressive. I was saddened to learn of the collapse. I am doubtful that funding a replacement is possible given the current financial situation. Of course China built one. I doubt it will last long given their poor track record for making anything of quality.
Same thing happened in Goldeneye
Great video. Had the chance to visit the site a couple of times before its demise.
So sad. Was cool see on Google maps.
Great Video !  They need to rebuild this Radio Telescope with cutting edge technology !  And build it stronger too !  How many of are cable bridges are ready to fail and fall !  Europe and China both have leading projects that the USA once owned and dead in !  One Radio Telescope that is being studied is on the Lunar Farside near the equator for research and communicate with spacecraft heading to the stars !  tjl
The really funny thing is that I watched the movie Goldeneye, just the day before. And it was all over the news and the internet the next day. 😅
BATTLEFIELD 4
OK, so years from now we will learn why this failure occurred. What will we do with the data?
James Bond Movie
Golden Eye!
It landed on Sean Bean.
Wouldn't a few columns holding up the receiver make more sense than suspending it?   There might be slightly more loss of signal but it would be a lot more secure.
Didn’t James Bond destroy it….
What a joke, a drone was here, it's not natural collapse
Answer: Ricky Ricardo fought Steven kovacs and derailed the crime of the century verdict
Battlefield 4 oddly predicted this event
I saw the original footage that was available at that time. Then the footage was ruined by a big ugly watermark. It was put exactly where the failure occured. I see now the watermark has been reduced and moves out of the way allowing the footage to speak for itself.
My favourite map 😅
James bond was there
Aliens had enough of the crappy TV reception
It reminds me of the failure of the Tacoma Narrows Bridge in Washington State  in the 1940s.   And of course, the Twin Towers on September 11th, 2001.  You wonder how it was built in the first place.  Or could be rebuilt on the site?
It makes me sad to see this fail again.  A beautiful piece of science and engineering brought low by what seems to be poor implementation.
Why couldn’t they just lower the sensors, replace the cables, then raise it back up again? That is how it was built….
*Metal fatigue could have also come into play...*
Unless they are Boeing, the aviation industry cheap leads. Boeing 737 has a history of door popping out mid fight.
I blame James Bond.
Lived in Puerto Rico for more than half my life and I’ve been a huge nerd through out my school years. One of my biggest regrets was never visiting the telescope, I was just too poor and had no autonomy at that age (was a minor) despite it being probably less than an hour drive away.
Don't forget it was used as a backdrop for James Bound...
Dude it was lack care it lasted so long it should have been changed and redone after 50 years
I work at DICE and our next game promotes diversity but rewriting history with non binary obese elite soldiers in a WW2 game.
LOVE THIS CHANNEL ! ..most I know find it weird, but I absolutely love these deep dives👍
Good to know Sean Bean wasn't under it when it came down.
Aricebo and the scientists apparently did some good work over the years.  Lackadaisical financial support and age brought about the end.  Sad.
You got to be kidding me.  Are a cibo...... what a laugh. It is AIR A CIBO. WHAT IGORANCE. And you're an engineer. With this famous  telescope.  You can't and don't even know the right pronuntiation ignorant ignorant ignorant ignorant. Youtube creators are the worst
when i was active with SETI, most of the data came from here.....
This telescope proved nasa liars is what happened....space is not like a vacuum, radio telescopes listen for sound thats not supposed to be able to travel through space like a vaccume!  It proved the gov. Controlled agency was untrustworthy like the gov. Itself.
Absolutely shocking to hear the FOS was only 2. In industry we use a FOS of 5 for any cables used for hoisting, and an FOS of 3 for cables used for pulling.  No wonder it failed. It should have been retrofitted long ago.
Floating in ocean could be designed with much larger dome with high intensity ultrasonic sound could block all inbound air corridors even missiles
I saw this marvel of science in 80th!! Incredible!! What a shame it us gone.
Thanks for the video. I heard of this telescope but I don’t remember when. It’s pretty awesome and I hope they can replace it someday. ❤
Sad/pathetic.  For the want of a nail... 2x redundancy seems very low tolerance for such a structure. Adding the dome seemed ill-thought out with not enough support put into place.  Eh, who cares?  It's just US Taxpayer's money, right?  But when something so dumb, even if presented in an intelligent manner, occurs, the average taxpayer only sees money waste, and this affects all scientific funding. It's extremely unfortunate something so avoidable occurred to such an iconic structure.
they should have replaced all the cables
Awsome video!
I thought James Bond destroyed it back in 1995 to destroy Goldeneye, Janus and 006
So sad to see it go!!!
What an outstanding video with loads of engineering detail! I plan to show portions of it in my Statics & Mechanics of Materials course, for example, the discussion of the catenary equation starting at 8:50.
All I remember is that it's that last level in Goldeneye.
Спасибо . Стало чуть менее обидно . Ладно , значит ошиблись в проектировании , что-ж надо учесть ошибки и стремиться к тому что  бы построить что то новое .
Was corrosion due to improper painting responsible? In the drone pictures you can see visible corrosion.
😮👍
It was a military installation to begin with.  They don't want it to be super strong, they want it to be scuttled quickly in case confidential information is at risk of being captured. That's why it wasn't designed with sf3+ in mind. I'm surprised it wasn't lower than 2, honestly.
Wasn’t a bond movie film at it ?
Just visited it today. All closed now.
Who remembered Golden Eye? 😅
Shoutout to James Bond Goldeneye because if it wasn’t for that, I’d have no idea what this extravagant marvel ever was
I'm pretty sure 006 fell off it
James Bond ?
Done by paint the barn
007 did it
Yet another "Florida-man" story.
Okay, who triggered the levelution?
Hey there genius man don't you seem to think that cables that sit out in the weather and corrode for 60 years or going to become weak and no longer can handle 100% of their rated strength. They were probably only able to handle 40 to 50% of which is why the structure failed .. it doesn't take a genius to figure that out
Why did you add "really" to the title? Do you think that many don't trust you to be truthful and, so to make it obvious that you can be trusted to tell the truth, you add "really" to the title.  If that is the case, it has backfired in a very big way.  It males you look sleazy and a liar.
Isnt this where they filmed that scene in the 90"s movie "Cable Guy" with Jim Carrey?
Да же такая штучная вещь, которая заглядывает в другие радиогалактики, место куда в своем сериале приезжали Фокс Малдер и Скайли, оказалась без хозяйственной руки.
Socialism sucks, kids.
Is it the one where the James bond movie Golden Eye was shot?
Safetyfactor here in Finland is always 5 or more when human lives is in danger. Structural calculation. And there are no suspension-bridge without maintenance. So cables are changed with intervals. I do not believe safety factors 2 or below in huricane areas.
We all know what happened, it was destroyed to prevent the firing of the goldeneye
ゴールデンアイ
The cables appeared dry, I couldn't see any rope oil, which normally appears as dry grease between the strands on the outside surface.  Spelter sockets are fitted with lubrication points, this is either carried out manually, or it may be supplied by a lube line, or an automatic lubricator, which is a small pot of oil with a battery driven pump that injects a small amount of oil periodically.   The cables nod at the sockets, if the strands within the cables aren't lubricated, stress corrosion cracking will occur, causing the failure of individual strands, that can reduce the cables service life by more than 50%.   Typically this type of cable is inspected by radiography, but it isn't always effective as it can't see the broken strands within the socket.  If the ends of the strands protrude from the zinc casting, and are ground flat, they can be inspected ultrasonically, this is the most effective method of monitoring this type of cable, which is called a bridge strand cable.
Sean Bean died
Yeah it was me in an F4 phantom
Rogue Transmission
For England James, no for safety
Contact 1997
it is also where they filmed parts of james bond golden eye
Doesn't suprise me that it collapsed.  If you've ever been to PR, you'd understand.  The whole island, besides the beaches and the resorts, is one big living landfill.
Isn't this were the James bond movie Goldeneye was filmed?
loveed this map in n64 goldeneye
Im still ashamd that the government of Puerto Rico treated the radio-telescope as nothing more than a film set for the last 3 decades before the collapse.
Puerto Rican government destroyed it by way of fraud and embezzlement.
Was this a "HAARP" facility ???
"Let's go for a ride down "the information superhighway! THE FUTURE IS NOW!"   -Jim Carrey (Cable Guy)
Ask Sean Bean what that was like. From GoldenEye. Lol
Omg so shocking 🙄 mismanaged and underfunded mega project failed due to poor maintenance failing to dead ears to save money. Never heard that scenario before lol
Are we sure certain agent 007 wasn't involved?
People like to build new things, they don't like to maintain things.
I've visited that site. I always predicted that something bad was going to happen there. Outside of that site is a shithole. The narrow roads are loaded with potholes and I ended up losing a hubcap from my rental car when I hat a hole that could have been a swimming pool. I'd shut the entire operation down and build in a much nicer place.
James Bond happened in golden eye.
Such a heartbreaking day that was.
it's stuff like this that makes me not trust some engineering..  Not enough fail safes.. makes you wonder how many ski lifts or gondola lifts have loads that are around 60%.
Goldeneye was filmed there. Janus project.
i mean just look at it, the nation didnt maintaine it.
I thought it was 008 being blown up.
It was in a salt air environment and the telescope wasn't being properly maintained for it's age and the environment it was in.
Rest in peace Goldeneye
hoping they can build another iconic instrument in it's place. preferably one that is better built to last longer and have more redundancies in place for failures.
James Bond is what really happened. Was it for England? No, it was for him.
Why do they report anything to congress? It isn't in the united states...
We stopped paying for it's upkeep. Did you really think Puerto Rico was going to take care of this properly?
I am wondering if anyone can answer my question:  In the stabilization efforts pdf (https://www.nsf.gov/news/stabilizationefforts.pdf) task number 3 recommends running a 7/8" cable from the platform to the top of the tower and then down to the base of the tower to lessen the load on the other cables by 2%. At 12:40 we can see a fabric sling, 7/8 shackle and winch in the lower left corner of the frame (use <> on your keyboard to go frame by frame). What I don't understand is the fact that the sling was wrapped around two of the existing cables on the platform side of the tower - EG the load on the cables was not decreased at all....??
Came here for the battlefield 4 comments
Sean Bean fell on it and broke it
After Fort Clayton Panama was closed, my family moved to Puerto Rico.  My dad took me when I was young.  It was amazing. 007 Goldeneye vibes(I was really into the 007 Goldeneye game on N64 at the time).
I didn't know this telescope had fallen until I saw this video. Man.
We can do another edit of the James Bond GoldenEye movie.
That's not a telescope...😂😂
Maybe sort out the echo first...
Bond blew it up in Goldeneye, duh
James Bond at it again.
Easy. Some people are competent to manage an advanced civilization. Others not so much. Many, many examples.
Is Sean beans dead body at the bottom?
Did it fail, or did it just inevitably fall apart after years of neglect
I remember seeing the satellite before it collapsed. Makes me wonder. What would’ve happened if I was there when it happened?
Levelution
Not my most favourite goldeneye level
Psst.  It collapsed
Hah. Goldeneye.
Goldeneye happened
No more James Bond movies will be made there. 8-)
Maybe it's for the best, we don't want a rogue MI6 agent trying to use it to take control of a satellite capable of an EMP.  All joking aside, it is heartbreaking watching this iconic telescope break apart.
I'll tell you what happened. A poorly executed rendezook...
Is this not where Sean Bean died?
Cables are supposed to use a 5:1 safety factor. 2:1 is criminally negligent. As cables age they lose strength. That’s why 5:1 is the US national standard. It has been the standard for over a century. The only way it could be built like this is by the department of defense who have exempted themselves from all safety standards. I am a professional rigger with over forty years of experience, starting in my teens. I’m over sixty now. If anyone had told me that it had only a 2:1 safety margin when it was built, I would’ve thought they were out of their minds. The fact that it stayed up as long as it did is a testament to how well it was built. And bridges are not built with a 3:1 safety factor, they’re built with a 5:1 safety factor and so are elevators. Hydraulic lifts don’t have a safety factor as such, they have a rated pressure, beyond which the pump simply shuts down. Check valves keep the cylinder from draining. They are rated at 5:1 but it doesn’t directly correspond.
I am glad it failed.
Everything is designed to last a certain amount of time. If you're making such a telescope for a specific purpose, it might be reasonable to assume it will be obsolete and use will be discontinued in 20 years (i.e.). If the cables are going to last for 40+ years and you know that, it's not necessary to have a replacement procedure engineered into this machine.
Sure hope they can rebuild
Easy answers seem:  1st cable failed due poor welding job for socket, its real tension hold capability being lower than what it was supposed to be Older cables on other hand simply were in dire need of replacing since 2000  Simple lesson: on any structure that needs bear weight: do regular maintenance checks and most importantly replace before age overtakes (especially if cable is put to hold more weight than it was designed to)
Its a disgrace to not have maintained it.
I like watching things break and fall apart
had you made this video before that event you could have saved it!!!!!
Why always after a disaster ...people had the perfect solution...why not before ? Or lets say ..they already build it...what they done ? Went home ? Thats it ..job done ..lets go home...why not inspection ? Why they didnt sit at the table with all the project in front of them ...and talk ..its ok like this ? What about that cable...is 100 % surr it will not broke at big presure ..or stuff to discuss ..NOPE ... they didnt do any error... and its like this everywhere
The first time i knew this structure exists was in the Movie Goldeneye and you could even explore it somewhat in the N64 game and there it was called Cradle. The day Arecibo fell was the day Cradle fell.
Hundreds of billions spent killing people..yet this was underfunded..*sigh* no wonder fermis paradox is a thing. I'd hide from us too.
👏👏👍
Its what controls the goldeneye laser
In the end, they will find contractor's cut corners, used untrained workers, and skipped testing of major components.  I'm willing to bet they find the materials used were borderline in their composition as well.  It's a tragic loss for the scientists, but all the earth as a whole, given that we have discovered that NEOs may be more of an issue than we previously thought.
The telescope did not have 2 times margin of safety.  I had that when the telescope was built.  I wonder why they did not strengthen the support when they put the dome in, adding weight and reducing the margin of safety to less than 2 times.
That drone was the straw that broke its back
I thought the problem was that James Bond dropped it on Sean Bean.
It was bond…..James bond.
Neglect, costcutting and disregard of proper maintenance are the reason of that collapse, or to say it bluntly: typical greed
Two years, have there been any updates?
I first saw this telescope in Goldeneye, thinking it was just a made-up set to have some cool base for the villain. When I learned that it actually is a real place, I was instantly fascinated and interested in the structure
Why would they let something like this happen? Why didn't they keep maintenance up on it?
Just like in bf4
I remember the conspiracies around it ,one was they had contacted aliens and the Shady Men in black sabotaged it
Still sad that we lost it!
It was most probably James Bond.
Bummed I never got to see the Arecibo telescope. It was a cultural icon and sadly will probably be mostly forgotten.
very good assessment, thanks for the video and narration.
All BF4 players hit that F key
It was originally built for military purposes, that is why its construction was funded.
I don't know why they would not have rebuilt this site
BF4 go brr
Has any of the investigations about the collapse ended yet? in the video he mentions it may take years for them to finish and its been 2 and in a few moths 3 years since it happened so I am wondering if they have finished yet.
Crazy people built this in the 50s with the little technology they had but china was only able to copy it recently.
so sad 😭
Just discovered the loss. A wonderful friend, also gone, worked on that project. Two sad losses for me.
uff referencia 🔥🔥🔥
Sadly this was a likely outcome when the new instruments and stabilizing cables were added. With an original safety factor of 2,   - .5 gives only 1.5 margin. As Grady said, quite low for a modern structure. One can hope a new observatory will be built at the site.
I was born in Arecibo PR 1977... I remember visiting the observatory as a kid... So sad nobody took care of it...
In early 2000's I was involved in the SETI project, thus I was well aware of Arecibo. When we visited PR for a cruise arond 2015, we went in a few days early and took a tour of the facility. It was very impressive!
criminal negligence by  disinterested puertorican leaders , not forgiveable behavior.
I respect that they decided to keep the crews’ safety in mind as the top priority, that’s very commendable
Bond, James Bond!!!
for england, james.
Poor engineering or shoddy construction strikes again.
2020? No one knew about it cause Covid and Biden were destroying the country at the time. No one cared about this
It's 2023 and it's a sad sight to see the resultant damage on Google Maps in fairly high resolution.
Shameful, that this instrument of paramount importance in astrophysics was defunded guaranteeing its eventual demise.
Military projects often have lesser safety measures and margins as human life is expendable in that realm.
The cable deteriorated and finally failed , I just saved your 17min of your life.
Honestly it was past its time it was inevitable should have dismantled a long time ago
Ufo...too big too move 👀
my question is did the natation sciece and all the government agencies clean up the area after the failure
I remember crashing my helicopter into this dish but didn’t hear the about the result till later! Oops 😬😅
Thanks, Grady!  It would be fitting to rebuild this facility to modern standards with a different type of detector but I have read the site will be redesigned to be a leading edge STEM facility.
@7:55 metal is almost never used for sockets now we almost always use an epoxy
Design it such that the platform can be lowered and landed
why does battlefield music play in my head?
I would be surprised if the age of the structure was not a major player in it’s failure.  Sadly, even the best built and engineered structures are prone to failure well after their life expectancies.. At least this will forever be immortalized in the movie Goldeneye.. Sad to see it go.. Maybe someone will build something to replace it.. though the government need for something like that is now replaced with satallites..
As a child of the 70's, this still strikes me as one of the greatest scientific tragedies of my lifetime.  This didn't have to happen.
WHAT HAPPENED! Arecibo Disproved the CMB and so was allowed to fall into disrepair. Yep, that's the real story but you just want to write 'FALLS DOWN AND GOES BOOM'. You can learn nothing when you are deep into an idiocracy. FALLS DOWN AND GOES BOOM!
I saw this place featured on an episode of "3-2-1 Contact" when I was a kid. Sad to see it come to this.
simple theory - funding was cut, maintenance shut... and it was sabotaged.... to get rid of it. "Problem" solved!
“Do not store up for yourselves treasures on earth, where moth and rust destroy,” — Matthew 6:19
That’s just incredible drone footage
Without even watching the rest of the video I can assure you that it’s deferred maintenance.
I knew that final level of Golden Eye was a bad idea.
I thought it got destroyed in goldeneye! 😀
I know who to blame. Ask M or Q.
what happened? China built a bigger one and the world transfer happened during shutdown..
Salt water all around P.R. so perhaps between the occasional Hurricane and "greasing the palm" of inspectors to allow bellow Spec cabling to be installed along with substandard paint, etc.,  and the "salt in the air" accelerated the corrosion of the cables...
Anyone remember Goldeneye 64? The cradle map!
3:28 Me: Oh hey I work there!!!
Wow!!! The force and speed of that able snapping was terrifying
Other than investigatory data analysis and years to do it I will tell you what went wrong " Human Error" Faulty materials, inadequate maintenance inspections, and procedures.
terrible structural design fault lies on engineers..
I see it, and I think of the movie  Goldeneye.
I think it was an old structure; that needed tore down!! And sense they couldn’t get funding to maintain that structure. I don’t see funding coming for a new structure. It’s just not happening 🤷🏻‍♂️I mean it couldn’t be pressure washed to keep clean, the paint used wasn’t engineered for tension cables! Maintenance couldn’t do their job cause of budget cuts.🤷🏻‍♂️ now question is who’s paying for all these engineers to investigate a videoed failing structure, but maintenance as no funds for proper repairs. Again only a careless investor will put money into a new structure or cal Elon, he loves to waste money on space stuff. The cost to design an build the next world record one so advanced you can see a rat pissing on cotton in space an everyone can also see outer space thru it using there cellphone or WiFi, it can even play the sounds in space $45m now who wants to waste money.
I blame agent 007.
13:27 crashing is the wrong word for this, slingshot or catapulting would be far more appropriate.
@13:00 that's a sweet video.
Gosh darn, what a great presentation.
I could swear the government was involved with that …
I wanted to be an astronomer when I was younger- all the pictures of unseen from supermassive blackholes through the dust at galaxy centers, to whatever the hell quasars are, to that background cosmic radiation from dawn of time. It's always sad when something iconic like this goes or becomes defunct/defunded/destroyed. I'm surprised this disgusting wastrel govt. keeps NASA around in my country- even more pumped another mission after how many decades?
Good! The END of none sense!
Sean Bean died here
Nobody has asked MI6 about 007's involvement.
😢😢😢
I remember landing on that thing with a Chinese helicopter and shooting at it with a Russian T-90 tank many times! HaHa
I know why the cables failed  1:age 2:tension
It was hit by that major hurricane that hit Puerto Rico a few years ago.
Grass is slowly consuming the concrete  that formed the massive dish. In it's prime the radio telescope reached into space as if grabbing a distant star. It's gone now, and exactly one year later we now know that that's how they found us. That's why they're here, and that's why we are now fighting for our survival. They've stated categorically that won't leave peacefully......
I fear that without a generous beneficiary like the US department of defense to fund it, there will never be a replacement for this telescope. Perhaps the DoD will rebuild it, but I doubt it
lets be honest, it was GoldenEye
One thing I don't understand is why they did not place a shoring tower under the gondola to allow for inspection and replacement as required of failing parts. 150meter is tall but not unheard of specially using multiple guy wires against bulking.
Goldeneye 007
I just remember the old bond movies,,,
The collapse was almost EXACTLY as in GoldenEye ha ha ha
As a child I've been reading a lot of books on astronomy, and this telescope was like complete wonder. Tempus fugit, doggone it.
It got old! The materials that they used in the 60's were never meant to last for ever ....
I don't understand why the US Congress would need a report?
Bond, James Bond.
Alien attack
To be Fair, James Bond destroyed it Years ago 🤣🤣
Very sad,build something better and more fantastic
This is where Hames Bond fought. That was a good fight.
One thing. Cables under tension are extremely dangerous. A mere 10mm cable can cut a man in half under tension. A 80mm cable can destroy a large building with no sweat.  They are very very dangerous.
It’s a crying shame that it was allowed to decay and be destroyed. We waste so much money around the world with bullshit and yet we let something like this go away. Hell, the money that the US spent and Ukraine loan would be enough to build a new one, and it would be money better spent.
being suspended from 3 towers so futuristic it's amazing they built this in the 50/60's  1:53, 7:00 shout out to UCF, 12:00 imagine if we had jetpacks to use for repair,
id like some of the debris
Ever since I watched the movie Contact when I was in middle school back in 2002, I wanted to visit here. 20 years later, now it's gone. I had 20 years, but I wasted. Sadness, would be an understatement. Now, I must go see the VLA.
007 fans know that now it's just like the movie
That's what happens when you get the cheapest bid to build it 😂😂😂
Common sense says Arecibo Telescope failed due to a lack of competent maintenance.
Arecibo has definitely an icon of Puerto Rico, despite not being so popular in later years. Fantastic video!
Little green men
I always thought it collapsed and crushed Sean Bean
Cradle from James Bond 007 Goldeneye?
We've had a lot of progress in materials since the 1960s.  I wonder how much stronger and lighter it could be to day if built to fill the same footprint.
I thought James Bond simply finished the job.
I think of Goldeneye every time I see this.
I also was one of the ppl that thought the telescope 🔭 was allowed to crumble on purpose for whatever reason however now after seeing this video, i know the Truth. Ty for posting this.
Ty for this informative video I learned alot.
Answer is simple: Rico Rodriguez sabotaged it to free the province
We all know James Bond finally killed Trevelyan, you don't have to cover for him.
James bond sabotaged it while trying to kill janus
Me getting 2015 bf4 flashbacks
Ah last mission from golden eye right
I’m puertorican, and went to see it as a kid… The news did indeed shock me…
It was sabotage
Goldeneye 007 forever
Cradle. Please call it the cradle.
Don’t know how many time I leveled that an attack jet my bad
For England James ? No for me
I like how he explains this very simple and straightforward, BUT, I don't buy that there was no safe way to fix the dish. We have things like the Golden gate bridge that are constantly maintained and are still standing. This dish was neglected for far too long and then bought by a college who didn't have the funds to properly run it. That's stupidity and laziness by people that should know better. And nobody is comfortable working from a helicopter? That's a lie. There's electrical lineman that work on dangerous power lines from a helicopter. Don't tell me you couldn't find anybody to work on some cables.
Levolution
For England Barry?
I thought James Bond destroyed this long ago
tamn engineer planted a c4 on it because i was up there sniping
For England James?
Bruh I didn't even know it broke.
I feel like I remember a few months prior them mentioning they stopped maintaining it, so it wasnt a surprise to me
This collapse was predicted in Goldeneye!
those levolutions never stop to amaze me
Just a microcosm of the collapse of civilization as a whole.  The ability to build and create is slowly fading away, and now even maintaining what once was is now fading away.
I alway knew *of it* but now I know *_about it_* What incredible videos of the collapse!  Thank you for a great job.
Trevelyn: “For England James?” James: “No, for me.”
For England, James?
So let me get this straight, soros&co have plenty of money to dedicate to the destruction of america but not a dime went to maintenance,repair and financial management of this iconic telescope!
Your all dumb James Bond blew it up baked in 2001 or something like that! Shesh
A YEAR AGO? Why didn't I hear about this anywhere?!!!
levelution no big deal jus reset the lobby
Been there before collapse… looked not well maintained
Did they kill Alec Trevelyn before it collapsed? 😂
Sad sight
I visited the site a few months ago, it is still open for visitors and small tours. It was a bit sad to see what happened there and although there are still employees wandering around working on things at the site I got the impression that they didn't really know how long the funding would keep anything going there.  It's a fantastic scientific site to visit if you happen to be in PR. But don't wait too long or I'm afraid it might get closed down at some point.
Anyone else got serious goldeneye  nostalgia
Golden eye ?
“For England James?”  “No…for me”
LEVOLUTION
It was destroyed by Bond when Trevelian was trying to use the goldeneye
RIP 006
Favorite level on Goldeneye64. Sean Bean Noooo!
It's amazing how often scientists say they don't know why something happened and LOL
Kinda strange seeing it collapse without Sean Bean under it.
"For England, James?"  "No. For me."  Ahhhhhhh!!!!!!
Like 12 snipers up there doing nothing
"What REALLY happened? We don't know,we're gonna show u what everyone has already realized the day it happened
Alec Trevelyan: hello my old friend
"For England, James?" "No, For me!"
Crevice Corrosion…
anyone remember this map from bf4?
maybe they should have designed it differently to lighten the burden on the whole contraption or use stronger pillars and cables. the structural limit is too low.
Golden Eye ......Sean Bean ....
How much damage did Alec Trevelyan cause when he fell on the dish in 1995?
The set of Goldeneye! Truly tragic.
It's a lesson in life that Gravity always wins
Thanks for posting. Reminds me nothing in this world . . . no matter how noble . . . lasts indefinitely.
For england James?No, for me.
sabotage
I remember this level from Goldeneye 64
The graphics are looking so good
So... We were making crop circles way out there...!
Weather has played a major part in the failure of the cables. Ah well  It went down with a big boom
How about the one built in China? Any English  documentary about it?
I'm pleased the drone footage captured the failure as it happened.  Without it we would still be hearing the conspiracy theories about alien interactions and removal of anything even halfway imaginable as being a threat to UFO's regardless of how nonsensical it is.  It quieted the wackos before they could rant.
Golden Eye?
for england, james
I was fortunate enough to have visited this incredible telescope.  It’s really hard to comprehend just how massive it really was by watching vids on it.  It was one of those moments when you see it from the observatory platform that amazes what humanity can build, breathtaking.  Such a shame they let go out like this. 😢
Tweeted  Excellent Reporting on the telescope that shouldn't have collapsed Aug2020 - my hunch is the psychopaths who abuse power, made it break along w other structures, to scare the Christians to believe the world was ending! The Wuhan Virus agenda fell apart.  https://youtu.be/3oBCtTv6yOw
It wasn't properly maintained.
Didn't James Bond destroy it when fighting Alec Trevelyan?
What happened ? Lmao. Puerto Rico happened. Hahahahaahahaha
It was 006 I watched bond defeat him
Luckily we still have Five-hundred-meter Aperture Spherical radio Telescope
How do we know this isnt some integral piece of HAARP?🤔
Goldeneye
Honorary Puertorrican💯🇵🇷🌺🐸Thanks
Fake news, this thing collapsed back in 1995. A former British 00 agent with MI5 was found responsible.
You can see it being disassemble on Google Maps
I was fortunate enough to be able to visit the site before its loss.
“For England James?”
One of the big problems is that every thing that is constructed or built wears out over the years. Apparently around 60 years the support system for this Radio Telescope was worn out and finally failed.
Lo digo en serio nime entere de esto en la fecha en mi pais ni siquiera se menciono o se dijo de pasada me preguntaba porque no se sabia nada de Aresibo
I watched goldeneye the other day forgetting it was shot on location here.
Reminds me of James bond film goldeneye.
This was 2 years ago? O.o
So that’s how goldeneye happened?
Rebuild it!!!
Todo mundo sabe que não tem nada lá fora. Então não fizeram manutenção porque o grande rádio não servia para nada. #wakeupdeadman
Sorry science fans, you had 60 yrs to stare at the sky. A mere nanosecond in space time, nuff said.. not worth the effort. Enjoy you lives!! They don’t make ‘em anymore…. Not a dress rehearsal folks, just enjoy the time you got here, stop dreaming, and start living!!!!
I was so outraged when it came crashing down, but with your explanation, I realize that everybody did the best they could. It was gone before it was gone. Still sad, but less angry. I hope that one day, the world may have something comparable to inspire the masses about science, innovation, and nature.
That was all James Bond's doing... if you know what i mean.
James Bond wrecked it back in 1995.
Show comes because 007 Golden eye N64??? 😅😅
60 years? how long did you all expect it to last? So how many millions are going to be spent in the research of the failure? Its simple, corrosion and fatigue cant get any better.
Truth is that no one wanted to pay for the maintenance upkeep and taxpayers should not have to. Let the very cash rich universities pay their own way.
Hubiera sido mejor un tripode rigido.  Menos viraciones y mayor durabilidad. Ingenieros y arquitectos tienen un menos 10.
Caca de pajaros, bird poop.
You're all wrong. It collapsed in 1995 because James Bond jammed the drive chain and gear with chains and a steel pipe.
dont know if any one remembers there was that movie with Charlie sheen and aliens....thats how i found out about it>
Is it possible the cause was galvanic corrosion? It was bonds between aluminum and zinc, two different metals, meaning salt water in the air could easily act as a catalyst between the 2 metals to start the corrosion. (late sorry, they probably figured the cause out but oh well)
Fascinating and very clear - thanks.
9/11 but for unread nerdz
If you are not going to have higher cable strength ratio per/cable,  then four poles, not three, and two extra eyelits, on each, that way you can run two new cables to each pole before messing with the old cables.   Also anything exposed to such weather, those cables are to be replaced  every ten years min.   Who ever managed the site, mech.  needs to go to jail, or be sued.  If that were to happen in the elevator business, you would be out of business, sued and likely put in jail.  A total disgrace to whom ever maintained that site.
Was anyone else waiting to hear the T-Rex roar after this happened???? 😉
I grew up in Puerto Rico but no my friend, I was never taken to a field trip there or what not. What a shame!  I didn't even know about that accident or the other failures for that matter until now. Oh well, I guess my relatives down there weren't that much into the Arecibo radio telescope for they never mentioned it either. 👽🛸
Very informative, seeing the graphs that showed the kips of load/stress brought back bad memories of my statics and strength of materials class.
Brother Hillhouse, thank you for a thorough, incisive, and fascinating narrative! Worth the time start to finish!
Goldeneye
I'd say the cables were up there since 1960's in a tropical climate probably means its degraded enough over the years to break down faster once the initial cable break from 2017. That's my bet
Brady is a magician. He can write epics on scientific topics. His non-hyperbolic genuine jargon keeps his storytelling interesting. So much to learn from him for all Science teachers
That sucks. That telescope was iconic.
Would repairing Arecibo still be a good investment given that we also have  the VLA? The ability to time-align dishes over a very large baseline would seem to be a significant advantage.
What incredible discoveries?
Make a great skatepark!
That Gregorian Dome looked like a floating eyeball.
Wth, I either forgot or never knew that this thing collapsed 😢
I am just a layman but my opinion is it was a bad design from the beginning.
It’s them aliens, didn’t you watch that Charlie Sheen movie?
So much for "I know a guy" based  maintenance.
BEST BOND LOCATION EVER.
I have  been to Arecibo twice.  There were a number of objects including comets that were studied. It was very impressive.
I like the hypothesis that "angry outer aliens cut the wire holding the antennas with a tachyon ray when they learned that humans on Earth were using the bowls of Arecibo to spy into their own system."
Went out on its own terms. RIP telescope 🔭
At this super famous facility a drone was directly looking at the exact point of failure as it happened- and had the awareness to turn around and catch the rest of the event in real time. What a world.
Exactly how it happened in Goldeneye 007 The Movie
FYI.  Is time to call Don Elon Musk and restore this baby back together at once!  Gracias!
I think you can answer what happened with the words 'ever increasing budget cuts'  Eventually the installation had to gamble maintenance with the pursuit of science as equipment became outdated.... it is a sad loss for the human race to loose any ability to do science, and  to think the funds needed were probably redirected to frivolous endeavours is a crime in my eyes.
It was in a Bond 007 movie  from the 1970s  l believe.
You didn’t mention the hurricane Maria damages in 2017
Looks like society sucks. There is nothing to research. In our country factor of 2 is absolutely normal. If you put higher factor, it just means something is wrong with calculation, real materials, not all forces are taken into account. Countries are ready to spent on guns and arms to make wars. Not on real science.
The final collapse go pro video reminds me of the movie  Contact.
it almost sounds like the engineers spent a lot of time studying the models, but little time in actually fixing the problem. so it goes in all government funded dalliances.
James Bond did it.
At least, they got it on camera.
Just yesterday I've watched GoldenEye. Offline. And now YouTube is recommending me this year old video  How?
The goldeneye antenna satellite Janus base now is no more
lol BF4
It was Bond...
Didn't it collapse on Trevalyn in "Goldeneye"?
And he just happened to be flying a drone there to capture that, sure
For England James?
It was probably capable of picking up surveillance information that is broadcast throughout the atmosphere and they didn't want these scientists to find it.
it seems very small telescope when it could be much bigger
If I could save the telescope  First thing is remove the dish then drive a  extremely oversized scissor lift to push the hanging gondola up to relieve the pressure of the tethers holding it up Then over time replace all the tethers holding the gondola and slowly lower the gondola back down and then slowly put the dish back together essentially retrofitting the telescope
I see that it's not going to be rebuilt. Is this type of observatory not making important discoveries any more? The design seems pretty cost-effective. I would think they would just build another one in that spot (or somewhere else).
Fake news. It was taken down in 1995 by an MI6 agent.
The report is out.  It's never just one thing, but the sockets were a big part of it.  https://www.nsf.gov/news/special_reports/arecibo/Arecibo-Telescope-Collapse-Forensic-Investigation-508c.pdf
I destroyed this thing countless times in BF4 lol
Interesting view of it on google maps!
Used to live 10 minutes away from there rip
Lol…Puerto Rico happened 😂
Wasn't this in a bond game
Break's my heart
Nothing last forever!
James Bond would be pissed.
Unless the cables had been replaced during it's life, then the cables were just old AF, couple that with repeated environmental strains and differences in material manufacturing capabilities and construction, it's not really a surprise to me that it failed. Metal stretches and fatigues over time, "modern" concrete degrades over time and I'm sure as diligent as they were maintaining it, I still believe it still would have failed eventually.
Not to mention the fact that Puerto Rico is full of corruption and can't even maintain a decent power grid.
recently went to PR but nobody else wanted to see the telescope ;(
Thank you Puerto Rican government 🙂
As a kid in the 90s I found out about this telescope from the Bond film Goldeneye. Held my interest in telescopy and microscopy ever since.
Rust. First thing to cross my mind. Ferris materials close to sixty years old can't support as well as when they were new. Then add in the cumulative effect that the tropical rain forest environment subjects both the steel and concrete to . Recipe for disaster. This is a problem when working with supposedly educated nerds. Think that they know everything. "Who are YOU to tell us the observatory is in peril? I have a degree from Harvard".  You can always tell a man like that, but you can't tell him much.
Jesus I didn't think this really exists when watching goldeneye
I’ll tell you exactly what happened to the telescope, and why:  It was brought down because it has precisely the same valuable attributes as that of the Herouni antenna in Armenia- namely that it is protected from ocean microwave radiation, end that means it was capable of showing that the Cosmic Microwave Background Radiation maps presented by mainstream astronomy scientists was bogus.  It had to go.
I think you are badass ^_^
It was aliens. Definitely aliens
Well, my question from a different post has been answered ... how was a Drone there at that particular time? The footage of the failure should be most interesting to engineers and engineering students.
The Chinese contractors that were put in charge of maintaining the place was the real reason, but we will never talk about that
I still think James Bond is responsible, nobody wants to admit that he misses sometimes. I doubt it was the body hitting the dish.
Why didn’t they just use a helicopter to string the cables
I wouldn't fault the design of those with slide rules.  It was punks with computer models who overloaded the structure and then repeatedly underestimated the forces at play until ultimate failure occurred.
Hi, any news about why the first cable snapped at a significant lower load than the one it was designed for ?
I was surprised and disappointed when it happened, but was unable to find info on why it had or if there were plans to rebuild. You’ve not only supplied that, but provided backstory as well. Interesting how satisfying a thorough analysis of an event like this can be. Even more satisfying to hear that lives were not wasted by taking unacceptable risks. Very nicely done video. Thanks.
Sabotage
I hope we replace Arecibo
thank you, most informative
I was fortunate enough to witness this architectural marvel many years ago.  Sad to see it gone.  It certainly was unique.
They added too much stuff to it (weight). At the end of the day, that is what killed it.
Imagine if it happened exactly on the premiere of 007 GoldenEye starring Pierce Brosnan 🙄 Kidding aside, it’s a huge loss 😢
Fly safe everyone.
Tearing a phonebook
Made in china
After a previous visit to the island, we finally had the opportunity to visit the observatory in February 2020. It was amazing and I was able to get drone footage of the structure. That might have been some of the last footage obtained before its collapse. Little did I know at the time that that would be the last time I would see it. Very glad I did.
I built this in civilization 3 🤔
It was shut down years before.
I like your engineering stories.
"This course was created and then abandoned by humans. They tend to do that, create something wonderful and then abandon it." - GLaDOS
I can feel the respect you have for the telescope.
Imagine being the guy who didn't install those cables correctly. 😬
Considering it is 60 years old. I wonder what the original builders would have said the life expectancy was for this?
guess what now China is leading the way with World’s largest steerable radio telescope to play a timely role in China’s space aspirations (US$48 million) Jingdong Radio Telescope (JRT) will be located in the mountains of southern China’s Yunnan province. Once it is operating in 2026  or The Five-hundred-meter Aperture Spherical radio Telescope (FAST)  a natural basin in Pingtang County, Guizhou, southwest China  😎 China does do some good things despite the questionable army government.
Why do people keep referring to large structures as "mega"-this or that?  If a structure can comfortably sit on Earth it is almost certainly NOT a mega-structure or a product of mega-engineering.
I'm curious as to what the projected lifespan of the installation was when it was first created? Imagine the failure must sadly have a economic impact on Puerto Rico too - glad to hear sections of the facility are still usable, hopefully that's helping to mitigate that somewhat.
The super-minicomputer company I worked for in Florida had a machine up in the triangle. I had a colleague to was the "lucky" one who got to go up there and replace a failed component in about 1989...
Is metal fatigue a factor, that often is the reason steel failed at much below rated strength. Those cables been up there under stress for decades, and had to with stand high winds. I am sure someone looked at the failed ends of the cables
I guess somebody didn't like that it was disproving the existence of the CMB and let it fall into disrepair. I can't blame them, you can always build a new telescope but careers would be gone forever if that level of ineptitude was revealed. Safe!
I remember seeing news of the collapse. At the time, I thought it had just been allowed to deteriorate because it was obsolete. I'm both gratified and sad to know that was not the case.
They obviously weren't doing proper maintenance simple f****** answer. In other words parts of the budget were going towards things that they weren't supposed to just like any government program
Hello please kindly to auto translate for Khmer 🙏
few people realize almost every bridge, dam, highway etc etc in america is on the verge of crumbling and there's no money to fix or replace it all sounds like they could have saved it by putting silicone sealant / paint on the spelter sockets.
BF4 Players: "First Time?"😏
Small quantities cable to much load
What really happened was the government being cheap and shortsighted.
007 is what happened to the telescope
Waste of money even considering fixing it considering its location. It should have never been built because of the location. Salt air, hurricanes, middle of nowhere far from manufacturing plants to supply parts labor and intellectual know how. Government has too much money. Now they're blowing billions on SLS already beset with many issues delaying its launch. And it still stupidly uses solid rocket boosters. In a few years, spacex starship will be doing what SLS does for a tiny fraction of the price.
2 Years Ago - Today ... - So sad to see such an iconic structure fail ... :(
crazy bf4 was set in 2020 and it collapsed in 2020
In my career I worked a lot with overhead cranes which have a lot of similar issues. A lot of what you talked about makes me shudder. It starts with adding stuff to an existing structure and then patching a fix to problems it caused. Management issues seem to be part of the problem starting with funding probably leading to staff issues. There seems to have been no routine maintenance audits, no cable replacements, no quality assurance on cables and critical parts, no engineering audits of changes made. How qualified was the site manager to be running such site? Did he have a budget enough to hire or bring in qualified people? Should there have been a workplace safety audit conducted regularly?
Why did the engineers expect the cables to last over 50 years? At what point would they have replaced the cables?  I find it amazing that they would spend this amount of money and engineering into this project and then make these computations after the first failure. The speaker in the video says 3 months later a failure happened. This whole project seems to have been defunded and left to rot.
I don’t feel it’s iconic as you say.. I love space and astronomy and I’ve never once heard this telescope referenced in anything
Degradation fail cascade: mainly caused by maintenance issues, funding, and improper amendments to the existing structure. There is rust everywhere, as this is far from an arid environment. The entire dish could have been utilized with material with "smarter" properties (to borrow from modern buzz-words). They could have been made lighter, catch less air, suffer less thermal strain due to reflective properties, used an ultra-slick/hydrophobic coating for low maintenance/self-cleaning properties, been able to develop any level of solar properties (likely just PV panels as focused solar would likely be in direct contradiction to the intended purpose of the structure), or utilized any kind of more modern paint additives or surface treatment that simulate more natural weathering with little to no degradation to physical properties. The fact that the monoliths were never utilized for any form of solar or wind power is even more inexcusable. On top of that, you have a now sheltered understory for nursing or rearing high-production agriculture of any sort underneath. If you never supplement the income of useful structures like these, they will be forced to survive almost solely on subsidies and philanthropy, which are both scrutinized by those that don't understand or recognize the value of scientific data or discovery. Much smarter and more passive connection and bearing systems with more unique materials/ fab methods AND better parameter monitoring is available today. It would serve to have mariners/machinists staffed that are familiar with the maintenance of cable-stay systems for a tensegrity structure like this (as proven in some of the pioneer structures of its kind in the suspension bridges and Madison Square Garden of NYC). Rigging hasn't changed fundamentally nor physically, but the technologies we have that are able to have agency over these fundamentals truly have progressed considerably. The reverberations of an incalculable amount of small vibrations on such a structure are not to be taken lightly, as the peak resonance of such dynamic maximum forces can be orders of magnitude past initial calculations. Modern digital twin and AI-assisted structure generation (termite-like structures allowing the wind from any of the monoliths to act like the plenums in the cooling towers of Baghdad would allow for all the pneumatics of the structure to be powerless -- steam and further pressure could easily be obtained via ram pumps and trompes for virtually free as well) would be trivial to implement in even the simplest and seemingly least impactful areas of the structure/terrain for minimal cost. Lots of room to hybridize such structures in the future!
What you call a "factor of safety", I call "the slop quotient."  So sad to see this iconic instrument fail.  It was a good friend.
Great video
It’s finally the battlefield map I’ve always played in game😢 someone make it into a paintball place
This was a fascinating and fantastic video. Luv your videos and thanks for making them. Such a shame to lose this great telescope.
Geezzzzz  I guess the engineers who assisted in the design are not reprimanded
I was really saddened when I heard it had Collapsed, but when you see the cables cracking and then when the Drone showed the Final snapping I thought, well "that's it, It's gone. I hope that a Futuristic replacement IS funded, It would be great to see the Interstellar Science continue.
RIP The Cradle from Goldeneye 64
I’ve been there PR is beautiful. Married a beautiful woman from there. There was a 007 James Bond movie that had the dish and island area around it. At least it got in a high budget movie setting. I hope it gets reworked soon we are loosing a lot to China. Sorry, lost a lot already!!
This will be the exact fate of the Golden Gate Bridge if California doesn’t pull their head out of their budgetary reallocating rear ends.
This hurts. This still hurts so much
ok but imagine using the dish to play with Beyblades. my 2010 dream
Awesome video. Extremely informative. I do hope plans are made to rebuild at some point, with modern technologies obviously.
Obviously the bad guy from 1997 James Bond Golden Eye got his revenge on the facility 30 years later duh
They know the radio telescopes collapse at any moment by poor maintenance. The cables are supposed to replace 20 years ago and they know that's information!!!!!!!! The true are they want to shutdown the telescope.🤬
Poor maintenance?
Ahh yes the one Janus worked at
Like after HAARP did it’s ‘thing’ a few weeks ago then the high frequency radio listening began so they would know where the hot spot outages would occur from the signal returning to the side of the earth facing the ‘target’!
"Contact"
Ever heard of preventative maintenance ?
es la mejor información que he oído hasta la fecha en internet,por favor suba este video con traduccion o subtitulos en castellano.
You look EXACTLY like my older brother, thats so wierd
All things pass away... It served it's purpose... Better things ahead 😉
I'm not saying it was aliens... ...but it was aliens.
Goddamnit! Do you know how many times we fought the Chinese back from incursion?
Shoddy construction, inside and out. Third world overall. Sad...
BS.a bil$ would make this sructure quasi eternal. A breadcrumb once all told...
Poor lad, he got old.
2.5' are no around or close to a meter. A meter is 39 and 3/8" or 3'3-3/8" or 3.2808333 feet per meter.
I’ve been fascinated with the structure since Golden Eye. Sad to see go, awesome it was captured on film at the moment of failure.
Goldeneyeeee
Lack of funding
Its a darn shame that it will never be rebuilt bcuz they want to build a school for the math and science...oh well...🤷‍♂️
They filmed a James Bond movie, and that's how it ends for the bad guy
My guess: Someone must've blown the support cables on both sides of the map so the B flag would be harder to defend
I didn't feel it. So it wasn't felt around the world!
Fantastic video!
Great final words at the end…
Bueno lo de la NASA y otras agencias espaciales  tambien quedara abandonado .. Sera una muestra para ver dónde llegaron con cierta tecnologia ... Si es que alguien se acuerda de ustedes !! Yo paso no tengo tiempo .. prefiero encontrar otras maneras de divertirme que no repasar un pasado cutre , y decadente
This is the Product of Bad Management. Just my opinion.
I first learned about this thing in James Bond Goldeneye.
a time ago i was having a so called SETI program and could literaly catching up signals prom outter space to see if there is some other kinds of inteligent beings...
Cool, this is the new video that YouTube is going to throw into unrelated auto-play playlists 3 times a day for the next 2 months. *shakes his fist at the cloud*
The people in PR don’t work, as they told me when I was a manager there “this is paradise, no one is in a hurry!” Nothing about the maintenance shocks me. I was building cellular phone sites there and was shocked at how bad the existing towers were.
Why did they not use a safe cable              Why  did they not use safe cables?
Built by cheapest bidder and 50% of required   maintenance....
Thank you for covering this; I lived close to the telescope and got to visit before it went down.
Your commentary is so precise and scrupulously honest, Grady. Your values are in themselves a great inspiration and example to up and coming engineers. Thank you!
No explanation needed we all know it was James bond lol
The Arecibo collapse from an insider:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZYMa-iccMus
21st century murica: We don't want/ know how to fix it, we'll install a gopro and fly a drone at the exact moment it accidentaly gets sabotag- er, rather, collapses.
Simple lack of maintenance! Like everything else in the west! There is no return on investment in maintenance!
Shout out to everyone who first saw Arecibo playing goldeneye on N64 🔫
having been all across Puerto Rico numerous times, Hurricane Maria did about $1 billion in damage. We rebuilt $99 billion worth of roads and infrastructure from 80 years of neglect. … Well a lot of money slipped into peoples pockets too😂
"We don't want to jeopardize our crew." Qatar has left the chat
The receiver of the Arecibo looks exactly like the symbol of the Deathly Hallows when the straight part of the receiver lines up to one of the points of the triangular platform  1.The rotating receiver - The Elder Wand 2.The circular rotation hub - The Philosopher's Stone 3.The triangular support platform - The Cloak of Invisibility
What really happened?  Puerto Rican maintenance killed it.
Golden Eye 007 🔥🔥🔥❤️
BF4 Levelution.
Just curious if those original cables could gave been subjected to decades of degradation from the various radio waves passing by them?
Is it possible the zinc in the socket that connect the cables gave way I mean we know it breaks down to protect other metals from corrosion and rust so are the possibilities of the first two cables letting go from their points of attachment
I injoy your videos  . Why didn't they  replace one cable on each tower  on a routine maintenance schedule?
was that graph around 17:00 from actual data? or was it just more of a visual?
Everyone in the comments talking about Battlefield yet no one is talking about Goldeneye
Wasn't this thing once used by the arms trade organization Janus to seize control of the Goldeneye Satellite?🤔
Got to wonder why they did not bring in a crane?
Even though the loss of the structure was great it’s good to hear that the safety concerns of the people that would be working on it took priority
I would rebuild similar but with a extra tower a few hundred feet away and a platform big enough to hold the array. Have mounts on the arrays frame, and have mateing mounts on the platform. In severe weather the platform can be cabled over to the platform and locked down to the ground. Except for the weight of the cables there will be nothing but the weather stressing the towers. My design includes the fact every cable would need to be on a pulley or a winch structure. Like a A bunch of big cranes. Seems pointless but with multipul cables and winches the giant array can be aimed with more tighter precision. You can offset the array or angle it. Lower or raise it incrementally to fine tune a singnal. Would also make it safer to change and maintain parts on the array with it being locked to the platform on the ground. Think of a ski lift but when it gets to the station it's pinned. I am not an engineer. Just always thinking of ideas may not be new ideas but keeps me occupied.
Wake up from the coma!:) Three REAL new revolutionary inventions/technologies for sale. Three REAL working prototypes, which are always ready for a REAL demonstration.  ------------------------------------------------ 1) A REAL practically never-dying battery for sale: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nYb5OkV6_Yo 2) A REAL reactionless drive machine for sale: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xX14NK8GrDY 3) A REAL simple electric heater of COP > 1 for sale: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BAydFMDKj2Y Wake up from the coma!:)
#savethePRtelescope
Twenty REAL new revolutionary inventions/technologies for sale. Twenty REAL working prototypes, which are always ready for a REAL demonstration.  ------------------------------------------------ Three of the above mentioned twenty REAL new revolutionary inventions/technologies are described in the three links below. ------------------------------------------------ 1) A REAL practically never-dying battery for sale: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nYb5OkV6_Yo 2) A REAL reactionless drive machine for sale: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xX14NK8GrDY 3) A REAL simple electric heater of COP > 1 for sale: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BAydFMDKj2Y ------------------------------------------------- Alternatively we (our multinational team) are open to collaboration of mutual benefit for further perfection and/or for production of our twenty technology breakthroughs on a large industrial scale. ------------------------------------------------- WAKE UP FROM THE COMA!:)
It's not as tragic as the shuttle disasters but it still hurt to see such an important facility in our exploration of the cosmos be brought down so suddenly.
Very interesting.  I did not know the structure collapsed until seeing this video today.  I do like how "Practical Engineering" presents things.
A REAL new invention/technology for sale. A REAL working prototype, which is always ready for a REAL demonstration.  A practically forever-lasting battery for sale: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nYb5OkV6_Yo
Alec Trevelyan (Sean Bean) died here. It's a shame you can no longer use it for communicating with an EMP satellite 😪
It makes me feel old that so many people are making reference to a Battlefield game and hardly anyone mentions the true iconic collapse of this telescope was in James Bond's Goldeneye. And the baffling piece is I've yet to see a comment criticizing the almost 6 months wasted making models and scratching heads instead of just getting up there and replacing the first cable as soon as it broke. Its always a source of amazement how many committies are needed to say "yup that thing broke maybe we should fix it" instead of just fixing it before something else fails
These videos are always so well researched and presented!!!
Thats a fun looking roller coaster ride.
I always remember this place as goldeneye's satellite base
They should've (gingerly) taken all the extra equipment off, and then repaired and upgraded it.  But then, hindsight is 20/20.
https://youtu.be/jJSRb0rOgT0
I spent 10 minutes watching the failure happen frame by frame (that's the < and > keys when your paused by the way). It is amazing watching a single strand go, then two more, then BAM. the whole cable. The tower sways from the release of lateral tension then the next cable begins to fail. Absolutely amazing. A tragedy no doubt but still stunning that a drone happened to be in the air at the exact moment of failure.
Sounds like perpetual lack of maintenance-cable stay bridges are regularly examined and tested to the microscopic levels-probably not done here
It’s always the construction crews fault, never bad engineering lol
Reminds me of the good old days of N64 Golden Eye 🙃
Save you some time watching this... It blew up while James Bond was fighting some guy back in 1995!
Should of made the towers taller, to reduce the near 90 degree angle those cables are trying to support the instrument frame at.. the angle is ridiculous and loads on a cable to hold something at such angles is a total exponential increase.. High school drop out here and i can see that...fck...god help us.
I think that they could rebuilt it with the most current technology that would weigh at least 75% less.
Always interesting stuff, helps me learn more about how things work
Great video! I got to visit this twice in my lifetime!
Why are they investigating when it is obvious what happened?  Puelto Licans did the manual work on this structure, and there’s your answer. Why would engineers allow brain dead good for nothing puelto licans to even lay a finger on a monumental structure, the second they did meant it was doomed.  Lesson of  the day gentlemen:  puelto licans are only good for one thing and one thing only,   NOTHING well perhaps to waste our tax dollars,  good day everyone.  Lets Make America Great Again (without puelto licans)  :D
I blame Pierce Brosnan. and nobody can convince me otherwise
Trying to remember what movies featured it I want to say James Bond was one
I dont kow what you are talking about, but I *clearly* saw James Bond destroying this telescope in a movie.  So stop lying to us.  It was the MI6's fault, plain and simple!
Is it correct that we now have no way of making accurate measurements of near earth asteroids as we now have no space radar? I dont think the Chinese FAST telescope can do this. Other methods of measurement in my opinion are not giving us the level of accuracy required. This is a very dangerous situation that needs action now. We need a space radar for obvious reasons. Is there another space radar ?
This should have never happened the cables should have been changed out as preventive  maintenance how's all your work doing  now common sense  should always  rules out in the end
Who remembers this level on GoldenEye?
no  "maintenance  budget"    ps   you  have  No  Idea  at  the  amount  of   hidden  computer  power  behind   the  front..    but  no  maintenace  for  the  trashed  outer fasrenings   ps  i  do  beleive  the  facility  extends  deep  into  a  cave  of  behind  and  under  the  main  building.    i  had  a  private  govmint   visit.     who  knows  what  it  there..
Excellent oration :D
Always enjoy these videos!
The result of James Bond's final mission lol
Ahh Puerto Rico, an American Territory until they need water or any sort of government aid.
0:20 you also forgot to mention that it was in the iconic film titled "Goldeneye: 007"
Perhaps Arecibo should have been constructed with the 4-tower system the Doundoulakis brothers first presented to Cornell at the RFP meetings in December 1959. https://youtu.be/T4JktBmJX0E
Bf4 moment
Excellent! Nowhere else can you get these straight answers. No shading or political influences, thanks.
As a self taught rocket scientist and astronomer I was brought to tears when I seen it collapse.
Will it ever be repaired or replace with a new one
Thank you for the video
The likely cause is:  People underestimate how corrosive an environment the Tropics are.  The Zinc and Spelter socket fails spectacularly as steel rusts between the zinc and the wire.  You get a steel wire with a rust layer surrounded by zinc -- rust doesn't hold much load at all.  You have to slather the cable and spelter joint with water repellant oil yearly to keep water from sucking in just from thermal cycling.
Swear idk what to think about china. They got bigger better tech and economy within its cities infrastructure. But talking about military capabilities are not ideal as Russia and America
They also didn't have the technology to look inside the connection after it was made.
Thanks I have long been fascinated with the output of the science
I REMEMBER WHEN MY DAD TOLD ME ABOUT THIS AND I WATCHED THOSE VIDEOS, really is sad isn't it.....
Possibly the most engineering oriented video of them all. Kudos.
I never finished my degree, so my input should probably be disregarded. However, I'll spew my nonsense anyways. When I design, build, modify, or work on something, I think about future serviceability. If the upper portion was supported by cable stayed towers in the same manner, but had winches on all three, would that not help prevent this kind of thing? Obviously a lot more cost added, but would allow for extensive maintenance in the future. With something of this significance, you would think the cost/benefit ratio would be skewed heavily. Even if it was a single winch mechanism per column vs one per cable, which would mean you have to lower the entire structure for service, would that not end up easing up complications of poor weather or major refits (like the gregorian dome addition)?
Crappy construction, poor planning and budget cuts.. the cause for most disasters.
I know it is irrational, but I would have liked to ride the Gregorian Dome down. I clearly have no imagination as to what may have happened to my body.
I used to pour spelter  sockets
It broke bc, nothing last 4 ever, and an structure like this needs maintenance! or we about to think that the Golden gate, and Brooklyn Bridge constructed to last years, do not get maintaince! Of course, a few cientists involved in the proyect want to know what happened to the cable, & struccture as they will get paid for this research....I said " Leave it like that", let Puerto Rico gob. to clean the area, give the inmueble to Cornell, and find someone that would really want their people to take good care for the proyect. I think now it is a luxury more than a necessity.
I did not fugured it out what was been a problem to swap out sets of already failing cables with a new ones it begin with...
Love this channel but can only watch on 1.5x
I knew they let it fall. Now that I know the whole story I feel a lot better.  I understand that they had no choice.
I was lucky enough to know a man that was an engineer of sorts on this project, he was awesome
This was in a bond film no?
It collapsed due to lack of maintenance.
The US Coast Guard had a LORAN tower on the island of Iwo Jima which was the second tallest free standing guyed tower in the world, 50 feet taller than the Empire State Building. Anyway, during tower maintenance back in the 70's they were replacing insulators when one guy wire separated causing the tower to spiral in killing a bunch of people in the tower crew. It was rebuilt then decommissioned in 1992.
ET don’t phone home
Amazingly someone was pointing a drone camera at the right place at the perfect time. 😮 just amazing
Once again you explain difficult engineering concepts so the many armchair engineers can understand what actually happaned. My hats off to you my friend.  I have tried to explain some of my work to my wife but fail because of  technical jargon.  You have a unique gift and should become a collage / university professor.
It lasted 60 years or so, thats pretty good engineering if you ask me.
Another lovely NSF project.
If you listen very carefully after the telescope collapses you can hear a lone voice shouting "Yes! I am invincible!"
How lucky those cameras and drones -- Yeah, "lucky" just like when Oswald was shot, perfectly lit, perfectly framed, perfectly visible.  How convenient and lucky!
Why did most Arecibo steel cables break catastrophically while never any on any bridge nor antenna/tower in known / recorded history ?  How convenient that our only asteroidic RADAR be 'taken-out' amidst ever-highest hype about "alien invasion".
It remembers me good 007 Goldeneye memories 😎
The good thing is now we can build a new and better one.
Good video, but "most iconic" is rather low grade language.
Great video thank you
It did its time simply put
💥
Evidently some hotshot sniper doesnt understand the concept of map etiquette, can someone contact the admin and get this guy banned?
Great Vid!   Sad though.  Collapse & Wreckage. Reminds me of my first 5 Marriages 🤣😂😅.
No deaths so they call it a normal accident: new addition, budget cuts...lack of monitoring and repair
I can tell you what *REALLY* happened to Arecibo. In 50s US intelligence noticed that you can intercept radio signals bounced of various objects and it very good conditions it is possible to learn locations of various missile tracking radars in USSR. And then somebody had a bright idea that the Moon is one of those objects that overflies Russia once a month and can be used to intercept signals. So suddenly US military became super, super interested in radio astronomy. Mountains of money were poured into building as many and as powerful radio dishes as possible, including Arecibo. These were not designed to stand the test of time -- supposed to be erected very quickly and stand for a relatively short time at a very high upkeep cost per typical military strategy. Once US got enough satellites Arecibo suddenly was not so hot for military, there was no need to catch radio signals bounced off the Moon anymore, the military financing dried up and civilian administrators were left with a huge telescope and a very small budget that had absolutely no chance to cover for astronomical (sic!) requirements to keep it up in good shape. Now you see, there were only two possible ends. They would have to tear it down or it would collapse on its own. Nobody wanted to make the decision to tear it down so it collapsed.
This is their SETi program for listening to the cosmos.  Total ruin.  There are so many alien sounds in space, and these dummies didn't hear anything.  It was a program to lie to us again.
Rust and piss corrosion
Thanks!
let me guess. filthy humanity have not cleaned up the rubble.
Nothing to wonder, it was politics.  Money never got assigned for adequate maintence and asking for corporate or private donations never resulted in enough for even basic upkeep... so, it literally rusted in place.  Truly sad.
Did anyone catch the .50 when it fell ?
This thing was doomed from the start since they build in Puerto Rico we can’t have nice sht in Latin America
wack
James Bond buffs are in tears
That's the array from Goldeneye, like I'm 90% sure it's the actual site they filmed on unless there's an identical one elsewhere
So Battlefield predicted this?
I'm so sad I'll never get to visit that. I saw it in the James Bond movie and fell in love with it's design.
Completely incompetent.
Final scene in goldeneye wasn’t it?
I mean did you not watch the end of Goldeneye?
Goldeneye us what I always think of.
CIA sabotaged it because it was about to discover alien life signs.
We don't need this because THEY have answered😂
Humans: Builds Massive Radio Telescope.  Aliens: Can You Go See What Those Prehistoric Earth Humans Are Doing? I'm Getting A Weak Signal All Of A Sudden. We Both Know We Can't Miss This Episode Of Interstella Star Stock Talk. We've been waiting for nebula 4.206-9 to come down in price for how long now? 156 Light Years, 43 Earth Days, and 12 Parsecs  but who's counting? And I'll Bet You Today is my lucky day!  Humans: Sir, We're Getting A Faint Signal!  I Think They're Trying To Communicate With US!!! Zoom In to That Galaxy.  Aliens: What In The Shooting Star Is Going On Now? It's Not Even HyperLinked To Spacecloud Anymore. You Know What?  You Stay Here. I'll Take Care Of It Myself.  Humans: Sir, Your Not Going To Believe This...The Entire Telescope Just Collapsed.
It went down bcuz it was neglected. Plain n simple. Money went to the wrong people
they really took it down so they could fake an alien invasion and claim that there was no way to see it coming
The messages being sent from the extra terrestrials were so sensitive in nature that the government decided to destroy the telescope in order to conceal their existence.
Fatigue failure.
I bet those were fun days at work during hurricane season! 😬
If this a conspiracy...someone is hiding something big...
I genuinely thought the telescope was destroyed during the tremors the island was having in January. I'm amazed it collapsed randomly later in the year rather than right then and there
I'm sorry, but I can't be the only one who looks at this and thinks of the ending of Goldeneye.
He never said it, but the platform, either with or without the receiver, weighed at least 900 tons, or nearly 2 million pounds.
the chineese government took it out.
The answer is the hurricane. Imagine the cables being pulled at 100 mph for hours on end. Of course it became weaker
How convenient a drone was waiting for the cable to snap 🤣
The Arecibo Telescope played a big role in Robert Zemeckis' 1997 movie Contact starring Jodie Foster. Brilliant movie, entertaining and educating, provoking and profound, with excellent plot and beautiful actors. RIP El Radar, you will be remembered fondly.
Only very sad.
Who else first thought of Goldeneye?
popular films James Bond "Golden Eye" and "Contact" with Jodie Foster were also filmed on this observatory Arecibo.. .such a loss for science and mankind in exploring space 😔
Yeah, that was someone with the tank in battlefield 4 , don't worry guys, map will be fixed next round!
I LITERALLY JUST FOUND OUT THIS WAS THE BF4 MAP!! The nostalgia
By the way, if you look at the telescope now (04/05/2022) on Google Map the towers are gone and the dish looks like Pacman.
I thought James Bond blew it up
It was also in a James bond movie...... hello. Let's not forget that ! Lol
and if you run up those cables, you can gain a pretty decent advantage a sniper, until the tank battle happeneing all around you collapses the entire thing...wait..thats Battlefield 4...my bad.
ARE PLACE IN THE UNIVERSE HOR$E$HIT!!!!!!! WAIST OF TAX PAYERS MONEY
THE CAUSE OF FAILURE FOR ALL GOVERNMENT PROJECTS IS GOVERNMENT!
Bf4 comes to mind
I dá on ädi ti dá nellah onvod.
Bond blew it up!
it was goldenye
Aren’t most suspension bridges set up similar ? Concerning
Short story: poor maintenance, poor engineering and lack of money
This looks like the telescope from the end of 007 Goldeneye. Is it?
Interesting video.  I didn't know it had collapsed. My science teacher from 30 years ago was a physicist and worked at this telescope before he retired and became a teacher.
Holy moly. I loved this building since 007
I guess.  E.T.  PHONED  HOME
The reason it failed was that it was attacked by the Jewish Space Lasers.
I think they should invest and build a new telescope in the same spot but bigger and better. And safer with all the modelling being used the original designers never had.
I bet if they left it alone as originally designed it would still be standing and working today. It was a great set piece in the James Bond film Golden Eye.
It broke duh
It's 100% the elements that salt in my opinion caused it to break plus the steel has a stretch point to snap the cables should have been changed every 10 years
such a bs!!! someone clearly figure out that the insurance claim will bring more money that an actual running of this 😔 glory capitalism!!!... right???
who’d know that mr beast would do battlefield 4 in real live two?
I'm amazed that they had a drone flying up, filming tower 4 when it happened.
Xenia Onatopp is the reason
Im more interested to hear how were gonna make it BIGGER BETTER and BADDER for the NEXT 50 years to come.......
I thought James Bond Blew it up
POV: you lost your camping spot in BF4
Goldeneye players....omg I was on that thing!
well there was a simple solution add more cabels or towers or just put the telescope down with cranes and replace all cabels.
I suspect Bond ❗
10 or 15 years from now we're going to see what *used to be* Arecibo on the Science Channel show "What On Eart" after the dish and towers are overgrown with vegetation and the wildlife in the area.
A vast technical investment in a radar dish in Puerto Rico... That's the mistake here. Take the same money and put it into real jobs creation there instead.
Puerto Rico have to be free 🇵🇷
A giant sink but nobody made a plug
Who clicked on this for bf4?
@15:37
18 minute video can be summed up in 2 seconds:  6:53  "More consequential than hurricaines, however, Arecibo was slowly losing its funding"  Sad how bureaucratic bullshit rules the world, even (maybe even especially) in science...
Its also in james bond movie
One of many places Sean Bean has died!
Man made horror beyond our comprehension
My dad lived right in Arecibo... In a barrio called Esperanza. It was literally right by the coffee shop thats like 2 miles from the entrance of the observatory.. Had amazing times. Thanks for the great memories and thanks for this awesome video @practicalengineering. 💪🏾🇵🇷
Repeat inspection is required.
looks like 007 Goldeneye's Antenna Cradle
That's 007s fault.
Hay tanto puerco en Puerto Rico que ya no SE pueden mantener ni una antenita como si estoy fuera UN juego no sirven   🔥 👁️🦉👁️⚡ A traisional es lo unico que aprendieron Todo es UN jueguito Ben paca El tiempo Perdido Ben quien le entra diklain
Thanks for clarifying this situation.🤔
Sean Bean was not dying in this scene
14:17 years away from results, let’s make a career out of this !
Levelution
Reminded me one of maps in Battlefield 4, called "Rogue Transmission".
They broke the camel's back when they added that extra instrument without reinforcing the cable strengths. Tower were also bearing more than the original design specs. Neglected maintenance and structural upgrade.
So was this faulty design, faulty construction or faulty maintenance? There were a lot of things, including some of the world's biggest dams and bridges were built before computers.
Make it again Scientists in my Island.
Rebuild it.....and don't say there's no money because  Puerto rico is a U.S. territory that means the U.S. government has PLENTY of money to rebuild the telescope...I wonder how much tension was on the remaining cables to snap like a stick
I know exactly what happened, they took it and put it into battlefield 4 lol
I've never heard of this until this video
GoldenEye anyone?
I think many of us really know it from the James Bond film "Goldeneye"
Guys come on we already know what really happened, James Bond destroyed it after the discovery of the goldeneye system was being housed at this facility. Old news
when you see the thumbnail and the goldeneye theme starts playing
It was simply a match of Conquest that sent it down
it was AN ICONIC ICON FROM ICONICVILLE
Makes you wonder if this wasn't actually a controlled demolition. It's a bit odd that there was a drone focused on the failure point at the " exact second" of the failure. Now I guess we'll see how much the replacement costs. Ain't science wonderful!!! From creating super viruses to studies of planets 1200 light years away. ( in case you don't know, that's a long way away). Not on the travel plans for a few hundred years.
Lack of maintenance.
Wait... first you say 2 1/2 feet is almost half a meter, then you say 18 inches is almost half a meter... so in your book 18 inches and 30 inches might as well be the same distance. I seriously hope you don't operate a motor vehicle. Considering the difference between the width of the average car and the lane of traffic is a tighter tolerance than that.
Another grave site of Sean bean
1:30 the class when someone walks in
I'm the one that destroyed it, I blew up the guy wire anchors with C4. Then I put some C4 on a jeep and drove it into a tank.
Isn't that the end scene from goldeneye?
Who used the c4?
it was james bond
I remember this level from Goldeneye 64 lol
what do i think? .... to be honest , i think that garlic mashed potatoes are the best mashed potatoes ever!!!
Its confession time, It was actually me i farted on the cable, Sorry
definitely the china team. they used their tanks to take out the supports to trigger the levelution
Guys obviously James Bond had to take it out so that the Goldeneye satellite won't fire on London
We in Puerto Rico knew it was scheduled to be closed and possibly demolished so we were working on pushing through a rescue plan just before the earthquake hit that is speculated to have caused the wires to fail. Ever since 2020, Puerto Rico has been experiencing violent earthquakes which, although mostly confined to the south, did occur on multiple occasions in our north coast precisely above the municipality of Arecibo. I remember when the news came out that day, there were reports of an earthquake in the north. I just hope that for the sake of my island we can rebuild/reuse that space for scientific research.
The FAST telescope is 500 meters not kilometers
Ah yes, I remember chasing Trevelyan all over this structure.
goldeneye
It mustve been utilized so much. LOL  It didn't discover a thing, it raised tons of money for black projects though. Mustve been a cash cow.
This structure was administered, at one time, by the University of Central Florida in Orlando. I was a faculty member there for a while although I had nothing to do with this structure, I was in close proximity to the people who would have been making judgments about what to do with the structure. I can tell you now that the administrators of the University of Central Florida were pretty close to stupid and often were actually stupid and thus I can understand why problems arose.
Was this a location for James Bond's "Goldeneye" movie?!
Shyt was a waste of tax money  No cure for nothing  no discovery to help humanity nothing.
Cradle
Didn't mention all the chaos in 1995 when James Bond had a spot of trouble there?
Boris "bwahaha I am invincible"
Wait.... surely a spherical dish DOES point everything to one pont, just far higher above the disc?
Too many bf4 comments, not enough Goldeneye comments
Insurance job
I knew of this engineering marvel due to 007-Golden Eyes
Again I'm already written about this: Do you guys really want to know what happened with the Arecibo telescope? At the beginning it was very very important and brought to us a lot of new knowledge! But the time was passing and the telescope became older and rotten... In truth, very rotten! As it was already outdated, there weren't investors to maintain that old technology, then they pretended it was all working to continue receiving the researches money! As the collapsing from the structure showed to all the world, it certainly already was a long long time out of service! Nothing so rotten could be working! They even could be making some research, but using data from others newer telescopes!
GoldenEye!
Very interesting really enjoy these videos 🙏
Goldeneye baby!
I was raised in PR and went on multiple field trips to Arecibo.
Doesn’t look the same without Pierce Brosnan running around
sorry i had to, someone was capturing the B point
Yeah we knew what happened play goldeneye
Wow, what a shame. I too hope that they will replace the telescope with new one and that the facility will continue to operate. Great video,thank you for sharing, I had no idea this even existed.
This thing was in a james bond movie.
It fking sucked and was a money sink, The End.
As a 007 agent. This looks familiar.
Wait am i high or did bf4 predict this happening then? Or am i missing something
WHO TRIGGERD THE DAM LEVOLUTION  EVENT
Isnt that what that one level in 007 goldeneye was based on? Damn.... that game was so long ago even its reference material is falling apart 🥺
Just cause 2 anyone
I've seen this thing drop like 8 million times
Someone in a tank shot it
Goldeneye
Just look at what Pierce Brosnan did ruin this place.
Take that Trevelyan!
Any idea about the "Design Life" of the structure ?? Built in 1950s lasting 70 yrs is very long.
International tragedy really.
Battlefield 4 !!!!!!!
Bf4
This observatory was also a set in goldeneye
A upgraded telescope would be awesome to see. With our ability to diagnose long term problems greatly enhanced since the site was first built. Think of the array we could build now!
I remember collapsing this as well, it was to stop the snipers
People build but do Not like to maintain it.
Rogue Transmission..
Those snipers on the towers deserved it lmao
does anyone else reconize this thing because its identical to the final mission in 007 goldeneye for N64 which is based on the movie with the same name i clicked this video because of that #clickbait
rare pepe
only  battlefeild 4 veterans remember
fucking battlefield fans
Don’t forget it was used to operate Goldeneye satellite in the James Bond movie Goldeneye! 😁😂
nooo BF4
https://youtu.be/fCX6_f2KCpM
Two things that did happened on my lifetime and I missed the chance to ever see it in person and will never be able to see it anymore was the takeoff of space shuttles and the Arecibo observatory... 😕
For England James?
fake news the telescope was destroyed in 1995 when bond stopped the goldeneye
This facility was in fact actually destroyed during a climax battle between James Bond and a super villain.
Goldeneye 64🔥
Im from bf4 lemme give you a tour i spent hundreds of hours on this map ps3 to xbox one
We all know what happened there. Alec Trevelyan fell to his death.
if it wasn't hung up on wires maybe it wouldn't have happened
Can't believe they turned a battlefield map into a real thing.
I know why because the cable got rusty
LoL
Didn’t sheiy explore this
Nah bond just killed trevelyan dont worry guys
Could see it as a failure.......but it still lasted for nearly 70 years so I think it was job well done for the original engineering and props to the new team seeing it's high likelihood of failure and keeping people away
Chinese cables pff
Turn it into a giant paintball/air-soft arena. It will be like a real life Golden Eye.
It seems that it was rebuilt, working and opened to the public again. Thanks to the engineers of the island. They  win NASA competitions most of the time.
Great engineering based presentation. I’m looking forward to more practical Engineering!
Good call on the safety concerns by the engineers. Imagine being there near it at the time of collapse and hearing the deafening crashing noise. Definitely a brown underpants moment.
I think they were lucky the 2nd cable failed and raised concerns before any repairs started. It was unexpected, meaning their first model actually said the structure was safe to work on.
I wonder if you could use a drone to lift and maneuver the telescope instead of the cables and tower.  The telescope could be stored on ground when not in use or during storms.  A microwave beem could supply power to the drone to keep it aloft for the duration of an observation.  You could have more than one drone, maybe with different configurations of the telescope
I'm sure Bezos, Gates and Soros will come up with the funds to rebuild.
Interesting
maybe not was a stray bullet from a movie filmed on location there?
I live in MAYAGUEZ Puerto Rico. I had the experience to visit the Arecibo telescope in 2004
Yeah, QC/QA techs didn’t do their job during the construction
It's a sabotage by Chinese. Now they have FAST.
anti-science people! conspiracy theorists! trumpeteers! I offer my comment as sacrifice to focus all your pent-up rage so that other comments may exist in peace!   lay it on me!!
The engineers at Arecibo were still used to the "friction can be ignored" questions they had when they were in school.  That's why it failed.
A heartbreaking loss.
Holy crap you can see it from so far up
With Elon et al. polluting the sky with satellites and a permanent presence on the moon set to become a reality, I think it's about time we started building these dishes and arrays on the far side of the moon.
That drone footage is awesome
Jesus had a good laugh on that day.
This made me sad .
Very interesting, and very sad. I'd love to see a follow-up some time detailing what has been learned, and for me to explain why this seemingly entirely inexplicable and unnecessary series of events happened: To me this aging telescope had a cable failure, but the response wasn't "replace the cable if we can afford to do so". Instead a series of seemingly entirely superfluous committees and studies were instituted to discuss the how, why, and when, of the situation. Ok, but why delay repairs?  In the meantime there was a cascade of increasingly serious failures that only resulted in yet more discussion rather than action, to the point that the observatory has likely been lost for good. Why? I realise the issue is likely to be a lack of understanding on my part rather than mismanagement, even if it looks like that to me. But to my 'uneducated' eye this was a very straightforward problem that got out of control as a result of insisting on answering questions for which there were either existing answers or asking questions that didn't need answering at the time, instead of getting on with fixing the problem. eg: -Oh, dear. A support cable has broken. Do we replace it? Of course, there is no debate here!!! Cost could be the only reason not to do so. (closure) -How do we replace it? Really!?! Not only was the structure built 60 years ago, extra cables we added fairly recently. The answer is already known. -Is it safe? It will certainly get more unsafe the longer repairs are delayed, so let's get on with it! Safety assessments can be made during the time taken to arrange men and materials to do the initial repair. -Now we once again have a stable and hopefully safe structure we have time to discuss 'what next?' to our heart's content. See my point? So what am I missing? Why was the response seeming 'unnecessary talk and delay' instead of action?  If I hear one of the legs of a chair I'm sitting on 'crack', I get off the chair and see to making a repair. Assuming I think it's worth my while. I don't continue to sit on the chair while debating with my friends why it happened or how and when I should get around to fixing it, all the while observing ominous cracking noises coming from the other legs.
It was destroyed after Pierce Brosnan( James bond) was fighting against agent 006 the Golden Eye
Anyone who’s seen Contact has seen this place too.
Is the telescope going to be fixed?
So interesting
Very sad that it is not there anymore
Who first learned about the telescope via SETI@home? 🙋🏻‍♀️
Explain why the metrodome collapsed
They didn't stock the tool cupboard smh...
Holy shit when i saw tom scotts video i thought it looked pretty sketchy. Wow
🇵🇷
DAMN SOMEONE SHOT DOWN MY HARP
its demise smells like lack of funding and red tape
Love your videos!
I have literally never heard of this structure neither has anyone I've asked
Skate spot
In today's economy especially after covid. I highly doubt it will be rebuilt.
Loved that science bowl
sorry but all I can think about is battlefield and shooting from the top before the 'collapse' lol......
POV you play battlefield4
18 minutes of my mind being actually blown away
Yeah some dipsh—t with an atv packed with c4 ran into the tethers and got sent flying 500 miles while screaming about some kind of promotion
Hearing him call it a megastructure annoys me, and it's entirely because I'm a huge nerd
Goooooooolden eeeeeeeeeye ♫ ♪
The real question is that why the chines now have the biggest same thing as this collapsed colossus?!
🗿
This definitely ain’t the first time it’s been knocked down. Ever heard of bf4?
The collapse is scarily similar in bf4.. I want the DICE time machine
That was Alec Trevelyan getting crushed by James Bond.
Fascinating!
hey that's a bf map 😳
i saw it in BF4
Oh thats the thing from bf4
so we playing battlefield 4 now?
Structural failure. That’s a fine way to cover up Bond stoping the Golden Eye from destroying London 🤣
We all know we are here because of BF4
007
Is that where goldeneye was filmed?
Made in China?
Bf4
the mercenaries deployed the cart, sorry man :/ blu wins
Dun dun dun dun dun  BATTLEFIELD 4
i live in puerto rico xd
DICE,BF4 IS THAT YOU?
Super interesting!
James Bond: Ups, sorry guys
I thought it was that structure from the ending of one of the James Bond films
Looks the same as the set at the end of Goldeneye where Pierce Brosman and Sean Bean fight
Quite a long video just to tell me that James Bond blew it up
DICE, why?
That is In Puerto Rico where I live part 9f my life and o got to go 1 time
And for bond fans it was use in Goldeneye
I watched this video cus this was in goldfinger
My battlefield PTSD is coming back
Didnt 007 kill 006 on that thing
For England James?
CANT BELIEVE BATTLEFLIED 4 PREDICTEC THE DEATH OF THE ARECIBO TELESCOPE
Ghost recon players PTSD flashes golem island from ghost recon breakpoint
Rogue Transmission
We all know how it collapsed... BTF 4 ever
Funny how it was supposed to check out this important star system in the weeks to come before the collapse...how I know this is I was very excited for it's findings....then this happened....can't help but make u think
Puerto Rican here. I did multiple field trips to the "Radio telescopio de Arecibo" as we called it. One with my school and one with my family just for fun. It was norml to go admire it since it meant so much to us. Even today, if you mention it to a Puerto Rican from the island we think of it with sadness. When it fell it was all anyone could think about. We really did lose an icon.
Is this from Goldeneye?
levolution moment
Um bro are you dumb, it literally got shot with hundreds of rockets and tanks
u telling me the bf4 map is real
What really happened?   A guy strapped C4 to the support beams to take out some pesky snipers camping on the satellite radar
Was born in Puerto Rico i don’t remember having a trip to that place 🙇🏽
It fell on Sean Bean duh lol.
People in the year 2150: I have one of these in my backyard
Just like the simulations…
I only know this from James Bond ✌
Puñeta
The day BF4 players took it to far
I just see the end of 007 goldeneye😂
Sorry, I was driving the tank
I've actually been here when I was 14 and my grandparents took us to Puerto Rico. This shit looks crazy in real life. I'm 25 now, so I got to see it before it collapsed.
FOR ENGLAND, JAMES?
None of you even know the first time we saw it was in goldeneye.
I saw the thumbnail and already knew my fellow BF4 players would be here
I never heard of this thing. I never knew it existed until I came across this video
Battlefield 4
LEVOLUTION!!!!
Everyone knows this was a result of the final fight between James and Alec.
lol where my bf4 players at if u know then u know
Im from 🇵🇷,  trully sad. I remember that my school would do school trips to it, it really awesome
BF4: takes place in 2020 AND has a map of this falling Oh yeah, it’s all coming together  *Realizes it was made in 2014*
"For England James?!"  "No.....For me."
Looks like the one from GoldenEye lol
"blew this up. Wasn't easy blowin it up" -Rico 2010s
BF4 Music Kick in.
Reminds me of Goldeneye, sucks that it fell down
BF4 players was the cause
I guess battlefield predicts stuff
"For England James?" ... "No... for me."
Rogue transmission
So Goldeneye is just a bunch of rubbish?
Lol when I watched this the first thing that came to my mind is 007 the movie and game.
Even before it collapsed that thing looks like an abandoned building or something, no wonder it fell apart.
I’m sorry but you look like a Matt Lucas from wish
At least there's no campers now
Was Goldeneye filmed there? Looks so my like the part where Alec Trevelyan fell with the big structure overhead
Isn’t this where was the final scene in james bond goldeneye?
What happened? There were rumors that some dangerous criminal carried operations from Arecibo, a british secret agent caught him and destroyed the structure in the 90s, probably 1995. That's all i know.
I remember this in BF4
How did dice know this would happen
I saw this and immediately thought "James Bond" i hope I'm not the only one
As a PuertoRican i was sad that it feel and there were no plans to recreat it,fue devastador el evento.
4:51 Tf freddie mercury be doing up their taking poses
Bf4 called it bruh they shoulda fixed them week points
Wasn't this in golden eye?
So like no one thinks it’s kinda suspicious that battlefield is set in 2020 just like when this shit happened. And like we’re about to go to war with China and Russia
(Bf4 theme intensifying)
Damn, BF4 really predicted the future.
😢 X-Files Season 2: Episode 1.
Poor Sean Bean...
This was a level in Goldeneye, wasn't it? RIP Sean Bean
How is detecting warheads not a peaceful endeavour? lol   Thats like calling airport security a bunch of thugs.
You mean rogue transmission?
Very crazy to say I was there at the observatory in early 2020 it’s a surreal experience
Finally sb got rid of these campers...
My grandfather was an engineer, he helped build and maintain the Arecibo Observatory. For many years he was in charge of changing out the line feeds to change frequencies. He worked many years on that thing. I should ask him how he feels about it collapsing.
Dude so the bf4 shit actually happened wtf 😳
Any bf4 players here? 🙃
For England James?
Battle field 4 did it first
Bruh I didn't know it even collapsed
For England, James?
Bf players check in
Is that the cradle from GoldenEye?
Came for the bf4 comments, was not disappointed
I live here in puerto rico and that could have been avoided its just that they didn't wanna to waste money and they didn't give it mantaince and they knew it would brake but still didn't wanted to do something about it the loss of it could have been avoided and is sad how they let it go to waste  something soo impressive
Hold up I played this map on bf4 years before 2020 and the shit fell the same way. You mean to tell me dice predicted this lol?
I R E M E M B E R
Yeah I know national tragedy and all that but seriously that was kind of satisfying to watch that thing break
What ?! I never knew this place collapsed, my dad actually brought me there when I was there  during vacation 😨
Proper 3 am content
Damn man it must of killed like 10 rooftop campers atleast they had some c4
quite a stark contrast in safety between the maintenance work here and amazon policy eh.
Ohhh I know what happened. Bond blew that up to stop trevalyan’s plan.
Damm bro they made the battlefield 4 map in real life
I don’t know what everyone is complaining about. If James Bond hadn’t done what he did. 006 would have used the cradle to launch a rocket from space that would have destroyed London.
All I could think is Goldeneye
BF4 levolution
Damn you tower 4
For England James?
Sorry i have hit the cables with a jet
Nah bro, this was James Bond's doing
I played james bond there
I played james bond there
lol some scientists should’ve just played some conquest on rogue transmission
That one mf blew up the pylons..
BF4 DOES NEVER LIE
N64 Golden eye
Stop the cap. This telecope is a Lego telescope compared to other alien scopes that are out there. Just like how our sun is essentially a small lamp compared to the vast suns and lights lurking out in the cosmos. Like v838 monocerotis. A FLASH of light that errupted in the cosmos that for a brief moment flashed 600,000 times brighter than our little lamp of a sun. Some beings probably filed on more of negativity  felt some type of way about this Lego scope so they zapped it.
I remember this from GoldenEye
I’ve swear this looks like that team fortress 2 map
I have knock that thing down over 100 times because of campers sniping
"For England, James?" "No. For me."
huh. ive seen this somewhere before
Idk man the moment you started talking about defunding I just saw insurance fraud all over
Yeah, I mean, a plane probably shot it down, it's part of the map.
I'm surprised there isn't a single comment referencing the Antenna Cradle from GoldenEye 007 lol
Anyone wanna play goldeneye 007??
Spider-man vs electro footage 1440p
I think everyone is thinking what I'm thinking
We all know what went down james bond golden eye lol
BF style
Is this where they filmed the 007 last battle scene?
Someone get DICE on the phone
Actually a bunch of soldiers decided to put C4 on the pillars because a guy in a tank is hogging the point
For England James?  No…  *FOR ME*  *AHHHHHHHHHHH*
Fun fact it was 4 guys with c4 in a jeep
4 more years till I'm minimum age to become an architect 🙏👍
battlefield 4?
006 Alec Trevelyan fell from this during his battle with James Bond
Goldeneye anyone?
Listen guys battlefeild 4 did this all the way back in 2013... and the leveloutions looked just like the drone footage IRL! crazy that this happened so recent..
Kinda reminds me of the cradle level of 007 goldeneye the game and in the movie
It became a dope bf4 map that's what 😩🙌
It’s a shame the drone didn’t see the dinosaur in the forest.
I saw the thumbnail and I thought “oh it’s the Goldeneye satellite”
Goldeneye fans know the truth though. It wasn’t for England. It was for him.
I've already seen this 12000 times in game
*LEVOLUTION!*
For England, James?
I lived in PR when it was still up, I was a kid on a field trip visiting the telescope site. I remember not caring about anything about it back then, but now I'm studying Engineering and wish I could have been more attentive to the experience.
They were playing conquest here thats why
I feel like that'd be sick to skate in if it weren't for the holes
For England James? No…for me
As a Puertorican ho loved this telescope and went to visit it many times, it pains me to have to hear this
Glad i got to visit this place before the collapse
It’s battlefield 4 here’s some c4 to trigger levolution, have fun
The ending of GoldenEye be like: 0:01
I remember that time Sean Bean died when Pierce Brosnan's 007 dropped the whole letescope on him...  good times
Bf4 memories: GET THE TANK BLOW UP THE ROPES THERE'S SNIPERS ON THE BA! "
Only in Battlefield
Puerto rican here and yes i can confirm that we cant go outside without hearing a random kid scream somewhere
Du du du du du du    Like if you get it
battlefield 4 called it
where all my BF4 players at😂
I am getting Oppy flash backs... make it stop ;_;
They should’ve had pulleys at the top of each tower and then when not in use they could’ve lowered it close to the ground
A tank when there is a recon 0:00
I'll only remember it in Bond..
Why didnt i find the comment: "yo thats the thing from that one james bond movie"
BF4 did it first. Crazy how I've seen this a million times but now its real.
Battfield 2042 players be like I miss this
JAMES BOND GOLDEN EYE lol
We all remember when Chuck Norris past gas... It was this day when that satellite came crashing down... True story..
We’ve seen the Cradle from the original Goldeneye. I wonder if we’ll ever see the one in the Wii version.
My guess is James destroyed it to stop Alec and the goldeneye satellite weapon.
Seems like this transmission went rogue
no-one mentions james bond goldeneye movie? :)
Oh theres a spawn sniper in the back there with a 40x scope and a bipod
Who else came here cause of the BF4 map?🤣
It was Carmen Sandiego
The place where they filmed that James Bond movie
This thing has failed twice. By poor maintenance and James Bond sabotaging the rotors to move it
I remember seeing it for the first time in 007 Goldeneye.
BOOOOOND!!!!!!!
Damn rogue transmission looks good in 2022
Oh I thought this was called the satellite from James Bond. Lol
G O L D E N E Y E
Fucking James Bond destroyed it thats what happened...
Is it bad I only recognise this from the movie: cable guy with Jim Carey
This was done on purpose to kill all the snipers camping up there
It’s battlefield all over again
It’s just a levolution guys this video is not helpful!
To me this is symbolic of how the world is rn
* *BF4 Flashback's* *
LEVOLUTIOOOON
I know what happened.  007 dropped it on 006 after he betrayed MI6. 😆😆😆
"For England, James?"  "No. For Puerto Rico."
Isn't that the thing from bf4?
Yeah so what really happened was me and the boys kept flying our $18m jets and crashing em to see which ones has a bigger explosion and one thing led to another and it all collapsed.   We quickly vacated the area and never spoke about it again
Isn’t this the thing from the James bone movie
Thank you for doing this. It was emotional to lose it.
Wait that thing broke? I didin’t even know it existed. I live in Puerto Rico since i was born which makes it even worse. Not even in the news i saw it
Goldeneye anyone?
this is that map from golden eye right ?
"For London, James?"
Happens all the time in BF4
Dice predicted it
Ayo bf4 predicted the future
Didn’t I crash a jeep covered in C4 into that?
Bf4 intensifies
Mb, that was me
It's really crazy how accurate the DICE team was at recreating it and even the damage after the receiver fell in game
007 had to kill one of closest friend up there that's what happened
it was because of James Bond when he fought Alec Trevelyn
All my BF4 guys going crazy right now
china flew their Q5 Fatan jets into the columns (any other bf4 players?)
BF4 predicted it tho
Trevelyn: For England James? James: No, for me.
I smell sabotage
Didn't Battlefield 4 have that destruction before it was destroyed
Isn’t that cradle from golden eye?? Lol
Didn't know I needed this information. But YouTube gods will recommend what they recommend.
For England James?
Snipped alot people from up there
It was Bond’s fault 🤦‍♂️
Bf4 players: First time?
Who is here because they saw this and yelled, "That's the satellite dish from Golden Eye!" ?
Is this Cradle from GoldenEye?
honestly, considering how long this thing was in use in the conditions it was in, I'm surprised it lasted as long as it did. maybe the next iteration will include some way to lower the platform safely to prevent this sort of thing in and make major maintenance easier.
R.i.P. for this piece of history, now it only lives forward in bf4 🥺. I hope they gonna try to restore it but prob wont happen 🥺🥺🥺
Juan and Carlos skipped maintenance that morning
bf4 players?
Is it the location for 007 Goldeneye final scene?
Golden Eye lead me here
A bf4 player dropped a c4
Obviously the cause of the collapse was levelution
LEVOLUTION!!
I know this one. It collapsed as a result of a final showdow. In a James bond movie
Nooo the old Goldeneye map!
James Bond
Obviously it came down on top of 006 after James Bond made him fall off it... "for England james?"  "No, for me"
This was also in the pierce Brosnan 007 movies.
James Bond happened
Battlefield 4
You have a battlefield map on your YouTube vid about science lol jk this is interesting but sad
15:13 This has saved many structures. A notable one was a skyscraper in New York where they miscalculated the forces high winds would have on it from a specific angle. If I remember correctly it was caught by a student who got in contact with the designer of the building to let him know. If the building had failed, many thousands could've died.
Shouldve never let random foes coming in with a C4 near that bowl
I watched this video and learned about a BF4 map
I can't believe they made the bf4 map real
I know what happened. Seen it in Golden eye
007!!!!
Battlefield 4 really predicted this.
BATTLEFIELD 4
Must've been a squad of 4 with a radio beacon up there.
How 006 got killed
This telescope was in the James Bond film GoldenEye I recognize it
Goldeneye fans mourn...
This is why BF4 should've died earlier
This was an interesting video for sure didn't this feature in Goldeneye 007 film
This was in the movie Goldeneye
RIP 006
Seeing such a valuable and important research instrument breaking down makes me really sad.  All that effort gone in seconds.  It's hard to watch and even harder to think how everyone working with the telescope would felt that day.
I’m pretty sure James Bond had something to do with this.
Build a thing. Close your eyes 10 years and then wonder why it collapse. Just no workers which repair the damage. If you never repair it, it will break. Its easy as that.
I thought it collapsed because of James Bond
Fake news, we all know it was Janus and Bond figthing over Golden Eye 🤷‍♂
No one is talking about this being in 007 Goldeneye. Both movie and game. Sad
Look, its rogue transmission, how bout that...
It's bf4 map, world copied from battlefield again >:(
James bond did it lol,  No lie I thought that was made just for James Bond Goldeneye, I had no idea that it was a real thing, learn something new every day.
Every gamer who clicked on this thought this this was old news
Mission Complete – 007
Aliens who just do not give a single care cut it for amusement
For England James?
we all know that red and blu fighting caused the telescope to collapse
I live in puerto rico,  I passed by there and it's abandoned 😢
Bf4 is what happened
wtf bf4 predicted it
Remember this gem from James Bond Goldeneye movie
I've lived in Puerto Rico my whole life and never thought this telescope was here.
i did the same thing in battlefield 4
WHAAAT THE FAAAAK. ITS BATTLEFIELD 4 ALL OVER AGAIN
It fell because people blew up the support cables with c4
Humanity has never seen a celestial object because in order to do that you have be in heaven or hell. A planet or star isn't celestial object.
It fell cuz bf4 happend
It's just part of the map
low key thought this was a battlefield 4 video but here I am watching a video on the real life version while drunk at 2am.
And then BF4 started irl
I've sniped a few enemies with my SRR61 sniper rifle off that beauty
Somebody launched too many jeeps up there with C4.
“For England, James?”
Xd i thought it was the Goldeneye base.
Dude for a sec I thought it's a battlefield 4 video🤣
I remind of Goldeneye video game and movie
bro its a battlefield map to me I don't know what are you talking about
BF4 Vives XD
Did it land on 006????
Inspired by Battlefield 4 Rogue Transmission
it's that one bf4 map
Feels like bf 4 moment
battlefield 4 predicted it :D
One cannot simply build a bf4 map irl and not expect it to be destroyed
So no one's going to say that this was because of goldeneye
hey,  that's the bf4 map, sooooo copyrigth
That is called levolution, sir
Bro someone just C4'd all the cables and triggered the levolution
They turned battlefield 4 into real life!!
battlefield 4
007 dropped it on Sean Bean. That's what happened.
Me with C4 😮‍💨
Just like the simulations
damn snipers
This is levolution
Levolution
Wasn’t this a map on BF4?
I'll never forget this structure when it was featured and  became famous in Golden Eye 007!
Man, this place collapsed when Double 00 Agent James Bond, caused its malfunction and also killed his enemy Trevelyan. How does anyone not know this!? For England James?
Someone with C4 destroy it
bf4 did it better
Bit disappointed he didn’t mention golden eye
what really happened to it was a jet crashed into it
It was a rouge transmission
Am I the only person thinking of Goldeneye?
Damn bf4
It’s kind ironic how BF4 did it like years before the actual landmark collapsed
Sorry fam my bad im now to bf4
Bf4 moment
This reminds me of Battlefield 4 🤨😂
Didn't James Bond blow it up at the end of Goldeneye? That's what I remember. He jumped off it on to a helicopter as it exploded and killed 006....
Shit bro, I immediately thought about the battlefield 4 map when I saw this.
So what your telling me is in bf4 we predicted the furture???
That's just what they want you to think.  The real story is that it was allowed to collapse as part of the treaty between humans and the heptapods. They won't take our planet but we had to stop watching them.
Actually James Bond blew it up
Okay 👍👍 9 👍
Coming from someone who lives in Puerto Rico. It wouldn't surprise me that less than adequate materials were used. It wouldn't be the first time government voice has a say on how things are done. Corruption is rampant in the politician area.
BF4 MAP WTF IS REALLY REAL!!!
When you would team up in conquest and blow up the wires lol
I live in Puerto Rico , i visited it when i was a kid on a fieldtrip i had no idea how important it was ….
Had to get that damn sniper out of there, he was doing too good.
...battlefield 4?
Bf4 players: LEVOLUTION!!!!
BF4 Flashbacks.
What happened? That’s easy, someone just activated the levolution event
they played bf 4 so they knowed it gonna collapse.
those goddamn battlefield 4 players...
This is what they want you to believe, it was really 007 just saving the world
James Bond happened.
bf4
No body mention a movie tha use that place?...wasnt it "Contact" from 1997 with Jodie Foster
That was featured in one of the James Bond movies in Goldeneye
For England James?
They knew about its condition since long and did nothing about it…. Shame really shame…..
I’ve seen this one before
For England, James?
Bro I once stood on top of that thing and 360 no scoped a dude 1000ft away. RIP
Dammit, Trevelyn....
‘From the cradle to the grave - your grave, James’ sorry I just love that quote
I recognize the place from the movie Goldeneye.
I was there just a few weeks before it collapsed
Wait so In bf4 that It was made Years ago the levitation was not based in real life...since the actual collapse was years after the game was released
So interesting topic as always 🤔 👍
Rogue Transmission
I've killed plenty of people protecting this telescope
Yooooo the map from battlefield 4
BF4 good memories
Incoming message: Agent 007. Mission complete
I swear someone camping at the top of the tower
Damn Battlefield 4 was so good they made Rogue Transmission in real life
We can forever play this map on golden eye 007 n64 ❤️
Goodbye Mr Bond…
Bf4 player been like: Yh been there done that 🤣
Bf4😂😂
Well to be exact, it was 006
STHHHHHHHEEEEEEVENNNNNNN
"For England, James?"
I went there the last 2 times in Puerto Rico it was an awesome spectacle of engineering. Glad not one person was injured.
Yeah bro nothing new this already happened in BF4
Was great in the cable guy filming
This crackheads with tanks again I swear
it failed coz they don't like you spying on them...
Nice ending to Golden Eye
Well BF4 players would know this map :D
Bf4 players be like: yeah we know all that
I didn't even know this existed lol
I hear it also crushed Sean Bean, when it fell down...
Im surprised no one is looking for Sean Bean’s body at the bottom of the dish’s rubble
wait a minute... this was real and not just a bf4 map?
Ya There was a bunch of military people running around keep put c4 and raming million dollars jets into the support beams and the wire supports  then it kind of just collapsed
That thumbnail was from a scene in the movie goldeneye with james bond ahaha
It was James Bond in 2007
Im only here cause I saw BF4 map. Didn't know this existed. Interesting video👍🏼
Everyone is talking about Battlefield, while I'm thinking of Goldeneye.  I'm 20. Am I just too old already?
the real failture was the two recon soldiers with c4 in the towers 😂
Goldeneye fans here?
Nah thats cradle from goldeneye
BF4 Momment
i find it crzy that things like this either get destroyed or abandoned. eventually,
007 music intensifies
I only know this place existing of bf4
Has the Goldeneye feel.
Who tf rolled up in the tank and blew the support wires at the start at the match?
BF4 players know its because some asshole shot the cables to get rid of a sniper.
No. Sean Bean broke it when he fell on it filming James Bond. 😄
Been living in Puerto Rico for 17 years and never knew this was built here
One the many places Sean Bean has sadly passed away, may he rip.
LEVOLUTION!!
Wow i born in Caguas Puerto Rico and i have visited the Arecibo Telescope when i was Young. When i moved to Massachusetts Unite States i always feel Proud that we had the Biggest Telescopes In the word by my times in my little island hahaha. I didn't know this telescope was Gone 😥 till i watched this video from searching James Webb Telescope. Well R.I.P Arecibo It was a Pleasure having you in my island teaching us the Universe in our times. Time for James Bess Discover and Answer the rest from now on. 😍
Good riddance I say!
Is it weird i watched this cause I recognized it from 007 golden eye the movie and the game. Great video
2:08 Ahh so that's why china has the best one...
When that guy goes to C4 the pillars, just to get one sniper killed
*GoldenEye music intensifies*
Now who let the BF4 Players on There?
Clearly It Was Pierce Brosman
What happened was someone rolled up to the three support towers and probably blew the cables up with c4 or maybe even a tank. Sending the overhead telescope down into the ground. Killing a few snipers that were camped up at the top...Oh wait, I think I’m thinking of something else 🤔🤔😂
battlefield 4
Excellent presentation. THANKS... Hopefully, there will be a new large dish at this site in the near future . If nothing else, than to keep an eye on asteroids which may be a threat to Earth.  With the modeling capability we have now and fast computers a dime a dozen, almost, we can build a better array which, will hopefully, last even longer than Aerobic did.   Now, if we can make sure our schools value accuracy more than feelings and tell little Johnny that 2 + 2 is NOT 47 and your answer is WRONG. Instead of saying, Great Little Johnny, that was very good and an almost perfect answer.   Math and science are NOT racist disciplines as exemplified by the scientist, engineers and mathematicians represented by all races and BOTH sexes; yes two sexes irregardless of  how you identify snow-flake !!
"Apologies." Sincerely, Pierce Brosnan AKA James Bond ~ Goldeneye
Goldeneye anybody? Lol
I heard that one crazy bf4 player just accidentally broke it, bcs he thought he is in-game.
this thing falls multiple times aday in battlefeild tho it will be fine next match
The first time I saw it was in goldeneye 😅
Too much campers sniping on the top, so much so it brought the whole thing down.
Rogue transmission colourised .
Im having BF4 flashbacks 😂
Is no one gonna mention Goldeneye 007? This was my favorite level on it.
Levolution bro
What a perfect symbol of government "science."
Is it just me, or is this the telescope from 1995 James Bond Goldeneye??? As in, the end scene where it directs the goldeneye satellite and Bond fights 006?
battlefield 4
the telescope was neglected for years thats what happened
007 GoldenEye was filmed at this location for the boss fight with 006
BRUH THIS IS A BF4 MAP
I know what happened... James Bond destroyed Arecibo. It's documented 😊😊
I thought it was set for demolition
Thanks that was very interesting!  I remember when it was first built but not much was reported throughout the ensuing years on it. I would be interested to learn what they discovered with it....
This is crap everybody know this thing was used to control goldeneye, a secret weapon left over from the Cold War
JUST SHOW US THE COLLAPSE YOU HEATHEN
A guy named Alec Trevelyan and James Bond fought up there, and it collapsed because the orbital strike satellite got jammed by an iron bar in the machinery. That's how it collapsed
Later "Cradle" from Golden Eye 007
goldeneye
Nah bruh I just c4ed the wires going up to the pillars my bad
I could be wrong but wasn't this in one of the early James Bond movies?
couldnt of been that important didnt hear fuck all about a random telescope
I went there, and i still miss it. 🥺
Rogue Transmission
Who tf destroyed the map from 007 Goldeneye got damn scientists!!
You could say that the telescope is down astronomically
Brilliant! Thank you. I had the privilege of visiting the sight in 2018. It was stunning! Arecibo will be missed.
Didn't realize this is what cradle from goldeneye was made after lol
I feel like I've seen this somewhere....Oh right it's similar to the one of the scene in the move "007"
Are we 100% sure Alec Trevelyan didn't have anything to do with this?
Not Goldeneye
Contact....
James Bond dropped Sean bean off it
I recognized this in Battlefield 4 Game
It’s the map from bf4!!!
bf4 happened thats whats up
Them: When did you hear of this thing?  Me: That existed?
Very informative and well done video. Thank you for your work!
Battlefield called it
Wasnt this in one of the james bond movies ?
Arecibo is just another example of government waste
*THE ROUGE TRANSMISSION*
Who else clicked on this due to BF4, it’s called levolution my guy and it was awesome
Awww yes cradle from goldeneye my favorite level
I thinking the addition of the Gregorian Dome is what played the most Factor in the failing of it.  Added all that extra weight even though they did add some extra support cabling to it. I dont think it was Enough. Yes it lasted a long time, but if the Dome wasnt added, I think it would have still be standing today.  Perhaps if 2 or 3 more Towers were Added and Cabling done. It might be completely fine with the added weight of the Gregorian Dome.    But with the Dome added with not much added as support, It was only a Matter of Time. Which the existing cabling and the newer one added for the dome. I think the Cabling had to much weight and was causing stress to it, which Lessened the Time frame on the cables. (IE Say a cables lifespan is 100 years either at or below its recommended weight strength limit.  Now, slowly increase weight to the cable above the weight strength limit. While it might stay at say 100 years for a little bit of added weight. when you get heavier and heavier weight added. Lifespan starts to go down and down until breaking point.  Yes I know its called something differently and how its done. Just trying to make it Simple and for people who arent a Engineer and or know alot of the Technical words for it. )((FYI Im not a Engineer either, But do know some of the stuff))
They really made that bf4 map in real life 😳
"For England, James?" "No, for me."
Y’all remember when this thing fell on Sean Bean?
Bf4 map in real life lol that’s cool 😎
This unfortunately occured in a struggle to stop the Goldeneye from being used in an attack
I grew up learning about science and the arecibo telescope was a proud part of being puerto rican and a dork
Boring
Ignoring maintenance crews is a measure to not want to spend money, plain and simple, failure is inevitable. It should have been designed with a retractable stand that the suspended load could be lowered to so the load could be taken off the cables and they could be inspected for stress fractures and corrosion. I have been a maintenance mechanic/electrician for 20 years. All cables at some point need replacement. The dang thing is in a hard to reach spot, a poor country, and a high humidity environment, which isn't good for steel structures. In my opinion, painting cables isn't as good as putting thick exposed gear grease on top of the paint for extra protection.
For England James.....
😆😆😆
BNT wanted to climb this structure.
What you probably didn't know about the Arecibo telescope is if you press all 3 hidden buttons carefully placed around the semi-sphere you will hear a very very loud roar from a dinosaur :)
RIP ROGUE TRANSMISSION
Bf 4 brought me here bitches 😁😑
Thumbnail reminded about 007: Golden Eye about the last fight in the satellite area
History channel at 5 AM: “Could this have been an alien attack?”
Steve Urkel: DID I DO THAT?🤓🔥💣
This hurts.  I grew up in Toa Baja and went there 3 times ...... of course UCF managed it when it failed ( USF student here).
Battlefield 4 predicted the future!
In theater rigging, our factor of safety is 10.
This collapse made me sad.
Perfect 3am content
That shi from battlefield 4
US marines and PLA soldiers were fighting there, that's why.
Too many people fought over it in Battlefield 4.
I remember playing bf4 and in this map it had this huge satellite. I used to camp with a sniper in the middle of the satellite that was hanging you could get there by two way 1. you could carefully walk across the wire to the middle 2. or you could fly a transport helicopter into the satellites gap that you could land and snipe from there. I can still remember like it was a week ago
Goldeneye 007!
Lol Goldeneye moment.
Sad to think that something built in my lifetime failed do to accumulated problems resulting from aging and additional added weight…..  😳
Too many snipers standing on top of it
James Bond dropped Sean Bean to one of his deaths from there
I just watched 007 and i know how it really fell.
Am I the only one here who thinks BF4 just predicted the future
Bruh isnt this the battlefield map where this very same thing also... falls over? And that game takes place in ... 2020.
James Bond was there!
Didn't Bond 007 blow it up?
They've done this in BF4 ages ago. What's the big deal?
James bond
Someone clearly triggered the map’s levolution event
Who else came here for the bf4 comments?
I was sad when Arecibo failed; it was always one of those places I would have loved to visit. But you missed one of the main contributions it made to culture... the cover of the debut Joy Division album! This has become a touchstone for more than one generation.
What really happened? 007 dropped the thing in the middle on 006, that's what! Case closed
Those cables have been subtly flexing in the breeze for over 70 years. When metal flexes, it fatigues. Eventually it starts to crack. I was upset when they first announced that it was not safe to attempt to salvage the telescope, but now that we've seen how it failed, it's clear they made the right call. Props to the engineers.
Are U guys fked in the head and what if that species U found is more advanced than us aye what we'll happen
Huge props to the engineers for keeping crews and others on the site safe
I'm surprised none of you nerds mentioned Goldeneye
This event as the best footage of something so big and unexpected getting destroyed
Arecibo collapsing was devastating to me.  I'm still upset by it.
They just put C4 on the supporting wires 😂
Puerto ricoo
Was it GoldenEye station?
all i see is the battlefield map
Wow, the work this has done is incredible. It's so sad it collapsed
Battlefield 4 players know what's up.
The Arecibo telescope will be greatly missed, and to show my respects, I will be wearing my zip up hoodie at half staff all week in honor of The Arecibo.....
I think 60 of service is amazing.
This was my favourite camping spot in bf4
Rest in Pieces Arecibo!
My first guess is is probably it being hung above ground than it being on the ground
Battlefield always predicting the future. Where’s the megaladon
I'm glad this heap has collapsed finally. We don't need to be broadcasting our exact location in space to whatever is out there.
Where was James Bond when they needed him…
It blew up in goldeneye
In engineering, failures are often just as important as successes. It's reassuring to see that this is being investigated so thoroughly. Hopefully we learn a lot about what happened, and apply that in the future.
ONLY IN BATTLEFIELD
"Damnit, who did the levolution?!"
New UE5 Engine Battlefield looks sick
Sean bean fell through it.
I'm no physicist here, but shouldn't the spectrum diagram at 1:08 show the wavelength changing instead of amplitude of the waves?
Battlefield 4 ptsd
Who else here to see bf4 in real life
BF4 FLASHBACKS
life is amazing, what an iconic structure that i never knew of, thought it was scenery from golden eye hahahaha
It was a truly beautiful machine,so sorry to see it go that way...
Votre chaine est juste passionnante, merci 👏👍
This should be placed open for public viewing or tourism place ig. If all the safety measures are taken.
You should do a Chernobyl one that would be awesome
That thing survived a hurricane and earthquakes. I'd say that's pretty good
Your channel is the best ever! Amazing videos.
Bruh this is just the end of Goldeneye
It control the sun heat and temperature the wasteful way
Nobody gonna mention this was also a filming location for Goldeneye back in the 90s
It was James Bond and 006 fight brought it down.
@ 7:21 Them antennas look like the ones used in HAARP?
Omg bf4 real life map
First time i saw this telescope in james bond golden eye
saw this place on a James Bond movie
So what happened was, me and my buddies strapped c4 to and atv and ran it into the cables, no need for the long vid.
very good video
Was this where they shot GoldenEye in 1995?? This looks like Cradle, wow
Since what seems to have really weakened the structure first was a hurricane bigger than any to have hit the island... I wonder if the original tests for the safety factor included the added forces of those winds.
no way they copyed it from Battlefield 4 lol
I believe this guy has “meter” confused with “yard”
Why does the Tax Payer have to fund this crap?
At least it served scientific research for many decades
How it collapsed: Cradle: *explodes* *falls* Travelyan: HOLY SH-
James Bond destroyed it
surprised it wasn't because someone rammed into it with a jet
dude  thats the battlefield map
this is a bf4 map
Somebody fucking with shit
I thought they did it on purpose
So excited to have just found this channel.. Immediately Liked and Subbed!!
I did not know that! Well done!
do you mean 60 miles
GOLDEN EYEEEEEE
seismic activity in the area...?
Tldr. It was old. And decommissioned
As a Yacht sailor, we need to replace the wire rigging and chain plates every 5 years as they degrade under stress from salt water and the sails. The cables at Arecibo should have been replaced at lease 3 times over the life of the telescope. This should have mitigated the risk of cable failure.
I’m glad that the engineers determined that the structure was unsafe for crews to come into before the collapse. The one cable breaking well in advance probably saved a lot of lives in the long run.
what really happened? usa lost interest in aracibo decades ago
I'm pretty sure it was the winch cable one can see attached to the two center cables with a strap right before the cables snap. I could be wrong though.
Very nice job, loved every minute of it. :)
What movie was this in? Some action movie shoot-out happened here I remember!
Goldeneye 64, Enough said
Hold on, wait, wait, wait...  I thought James Bond destroyed this back in 1995 after killing Sean Bean!!
007 did 1 film on site
In short money
shoulda asked the navy to come in with their laser cannon to cut the hanging wires.
Goldeneye Ofcourse
Thats levolution bro
It sucks that we lost the telescope but you gotta admit. The video of it coming down is cool as hell.
It collapsed once before. I remember it was during GoldenEye when Agent 006 was fighting with Agent 007. I m not kidding...
Darn, I cried at the "Thank you for watching" at the end. Because it felt like it was directed at the Arecibo Telescope, the ending line of a eulogy to that structure.
Was this the one used in Goldeneye?
Only true legends know the only reason that thing came down was because James Bond dropped it on 006 after throwing him off of it. There should have been an army helicopter flying off right after as well.
I liked a lot your videos, u win a sub :)
I'm only here cause of Goldeneye 007
Eh.. i thought 007 was the cause of its destruction..
Surprised some urban explorer wasn't killed tbh. It's been frequented a bit
as a battlefield player, this makes me smile
Why is the media NOT reporting that many, many ground based telescopes are now closed or closing.
Is that Eddie Jemison at 1:23 ? What movie is it ?
in 2016, I visited the site when I went to Puerto Rico and was amazed at the site of this grand structure before me.  I still found it facinating that such a grand design could have been built during the time it was built.  When I asked the tour guide whether he received any signals that they knew was a signal from intelligient life, he told me every day they did.  He said that they could not reveal this to the world as it would scare many people.  We all have to be so arrogant to believe that we are the only ones in the universe.  This was a very interesting presentation on the engineering aspect of the project.  I very much believe that they will rebuild it and one day it will be a great marvel.  I know we as humans will all know one day very soon that we are not alone.
I’m not crying you’re crying
What we DON"T see in the aerial footage is the drone's off-camera extended accordion arm  which ends in a large stuffed glove, the thumb of which is pushing firmly down on one of the cables - not such a coincidental footage capture after all!
So no one finds it interesting that they captured perfect video with multiple cameras on a whim. Not only exactly when but exactly where. Seams fishy
As an amateur Space Junkie and son of a NASA Engineer I have always been interested in Arecibo.  They made many discoveries with it over the years and it will sure be missed.  Thanks for the great explanation of what happened and what we can expect in the future.
How it eventually fell apart isn't important. If you don't have head office (in this case politicians) support, it's inevitable.
Great video! Very informative. Thank you!
Goldeneye theme plays
Looks like The goldeneye to me.
you clearly didnt watch Goldeneye
Sean Bean died there.
-"For England, James?" -"No, for Me."
Such a sad event. 😔
There goes 007 legacy
I do hope the telescope is rebuilt. Not in the same design, but with new methods and designs as the overall vision of the telescope is something I still wish to see continued.  With newer technologies, and ways to design stronger and longer lasting structures it would be nice to see being built.
TRANSMISSÃO PIRATA :(
Sounds like this turned out the way someone intended.
Most enlightening
Its now scrap iron. I saw it and thought "wow" what a waste of money, we have other smaller dishes that do the same job as that one and yet we had that one. Oh well, melt it down and use the metal to make some hot rods or something useful. It was a waste of tax payer money..
Golden eye won't be the same.
I grew up with the Telescope. One of my favorite school trips. A beautiful area to boot. Broke my heart to see it go
I bet the anti vaxxers had a part in its failing
I blame global warming
60 yrs by the ocean and going thru hurricanes and earthquakes.... I think 🤔  science got every nickel out of it
bruh, didn't they see this coming in BF4?!
As a Puerto Rican, the destruction hurts to watch every time.
Damn you ! James bond!
Unless I'm mistaken isn't this also used as the last part of the Goldeneye movie and game? Where you kill Sean Bean for the first but not last time
Wow they turned bf4 into a real thing
Strange, I thought Aricebo observatory was destroyed by James Bond  years ago
didnt james bond destroyed this?
clearly they didnt cap point D
Damn Pierce Brosnan
Is very sad, is a part of my childhood, in 007 Golden Eye, was the best enemy base ever, and last fight, very sad
bf4 saw in the future
Sad
James Bond stoped Travelyan.
Coincidence that the game BF4, released in 2013 and set in 2020, has a map where you can destroy this telescope.
glad i saw it before this happened
Was pretty easy to do just destroy some cables with a c4 and boom it went down like a fat guy slipping down the stairs
You corrected yourself with a grammar mistake. You just earned yourself a subscriber!!
I visited the facility as a child during a school trip and it awoke an incredible desire to get into science and space investigation that stayed with me to this day. One can say it changed me from a dumb kid with no interest in anything life had to offer into a science loving kid with an unending thirst for knowledge. It seriously changed my life in the best way possible.
When i first saw this i instantly thought "bf4"
I don't think it was the engineering that failed. Just some crazy Battlefield 4 player shooting the wires with a tank.
It should not be replaced.  .Money is needed to help the homeless and eliminate starvation. Turn the site into an organic farm.
why not use      pnoinix  crater to rebuild it
why not use      pnoinix  crater to rebuild it
See what actually happened was a bunch of support guys got together and hit the structure with c4 making it fall. Bf4 levolution for you
You tube: wonna see what happened at Arecibo telescope? Me: where? Go ahead..
Okay, so who pays to clean up this mess?
About 20 years ago on a job off the southern Texas coast we were deploying a 3" cable (technically called wire rope) with the towing end secured with a spelter socket which in turn was secured to an onboard winch.  The onshore end was pre-rigged to a pipeline "sled" that was to be used in the lead for towing a new pipeline off of the beach and then into deep water for installation there for the oil & gas industry.  As the cable was being fed off the vessel when the "end" was reached the cable pulled right out of the socket and fell to the seabed.  Just the deployed weight of the wire rope alone had caused the socket to fail.  There were some wide eyes when the cable simply kept going straight off the stern.  Faulty installation/fabrication of the (factory) spelter socket was of course the cause.  A replacement cable later performed as required.
You'd think they'd have a way to lower the thing and take the tension off the cables to change them..
Ay its Rogue Transmission
This is my first time hearing about this…and it kind of says everything you need to know about high technology. This was high technology 60 years ago, now it’s about as valuable as the metal it’s made from. It was the forefront of scientific achievement and discovery and now my laptop in my home is magnitudes more complex, it’s the way of technology. It just becomes obsolete…sad, really.
I have read about, watched etc information on Arecibo , I learned more in this video than I had ever. Nice job dude. Thanks
For England, James? No.  For me.
Obviously it was Bond. James Bond.
James Bond did it.
Ok, Now I have to rewatch Contact movie.
nah its just a levelution
A longer exposure doesn't improve accuracy, it increases luminosity.
Just happened to have a drone in the exact spot and Go Pro's on stand by, something smells fishy here
7:25 bro? bf4
Rougue Transmission
Rogue Transmission! 😃
Here for the BF4 memes
I hope locals can come over & scrap all those valuable scrap metal
You forgot to mention that several scenes from a James Bond movie were filmed there. Can’t recall the name of the pic
well, is this the Golden Eye shooting location eh?
It lives on forever in Goldeneye 64. You can explore the entire thing.
Too much too time spent explaining irrelevant backstory just get to why it failed man.
Me not even hearing the news that it collapsed when it did:   **CRYING FOR SOME REASON**
I'm sure whoever did this was just trying to get rid of the annoying snipers
Only in Battlefield moment.
007 will miss him
Didn't something like that appeared in the James Bond movie Goldeneye?
james bond wrecked it we saw it on a movie
ONLY IN BATTLEFIELD
Very good !!
13:33 POV: you activated the C4
Nobody bothered to pay for maintenance & upgrade.
Considering the time period it was built, it was bound to collapse sooner or later. And considering how important the dish was, I think they should rebuild the telescope using modern techniques, tech and materials.
Yo it was just like Battlefield 4!!
Yes, dont worry about it, just the levolution of the Battlefield 6
I remember climbing to the dome by running on cables from the spawn all the way to the center in bf4..good times
Bf4 predicted this
13:35 only in battlefield
Does anyone remember seeing this telescope in the 007 movie, GoldenEye?
That thing killed Sean Bean, so no hard feelings.
Damn bro, imagine if that bowl is smooth... Me n the boys would've had an amazing BEYBLADE Battle
It should have been a six point star not a triangle
Welp… I wanted to visit this place, sad to only find out about its collapse now… that fucking sucks and also BF4 aged like milk in this case
James bond threw hands there
Got to love all of the sudden Arecibo telescope/engineer experts, that obviously googled their wisdom, so the rest of us can understand what 'really' happened.
It was old as fck, and Puerto Rico doesn't do maintainence
It was aliens.
Nah man, I saw people planting c4 on the support wires and shooting them with tanks
holy shit, battlefield 4 predict the future
As a puertorican, knowing that this is one of the things our island is known for this was truly a tragedy.
Bf4 said this will happen
Battlefield 4 veteran will know what happen!!
It collapsed because of JAMES BOND
[*insert battlefield theme here*]
ROGUE TRANSMISSION
You know..... the sniper pissed me off thats why
So what happened was some blueberries took some c4 to the cables
That proves that BF4 predicts the future
How I know about this structure: Battlefield music INTENSIFIES
Deja vu..Just saw golden eye
Probably some c4 were planted on those wire bases.
Ye some dumbass with a jet hit the cables this is the truth
It does sound like a controlled demolition like they said they wanted to do, they didn’t want to leave this magnificent telescope to the puertorricans.
sry I ran into it with my jet in bf4, I am very sorry for the damaged that occurred but my controller disconnected it self during the flight do I couldn't do anything
Battlefield 2042 players destroyed it
Years and years of neglect and no maintenance.
wicked cool. if all the billionares chipped in. we could refurb it.
Bruh lmao it must has been an BF4 player the cause if the collapse
LEVOLUTION!!!!!!
Bf4
Okay this is gonna sound really stupid but when the Arecibo fell I shed many a tear for it. It was really saddening for me to see it collapse like that, no dignity. I'm glad they didn't neglect the historical and cultural importance of the telescope, I'm glad no one was hurt, and I'm glad they kept the site open. Hopefully they'll install some next gen tech soon and it can reclaim it's title, that would be nice to see.
I really do hope they do something with that spot because the land around it is beautiful and if there was a big ass telescope there it will be protected ground
All i got to say at 19 21 that last cable is the true champ he wasn't going untill it was over
I destroyed it with C4
Great video!! Just ate some panera and algorithm brought me here lol Boriken!
the cable broke where it bends over the bracket in a 90 degree, probably from accessive wind movement over time fatiguing the cables on that corner till they started to cut the strands.
20 year intevals at maximum for no replacement of strained portions of mechanical supports. Cooling towers are exposed to accelerated weathering and corrosion, and those take a maximum of five years before something begins to wear out and potentially collapse. A telescope that requires decent precision to look and project into space cannot go that long without replacement/maintenance.
Yooooo they made bf4 in real life!!! 0.0
Bruh am playing BF4 and this video showed on my recommendation
When did this happy only been out side of Puerto Rico like a year
Wasn't this the thing where James Bond killed his partner in Goldeneye?
Aliens took out antenna
I've lost count of the amount of times I've destroyed this thing in Battlefield 4
For England, James?
Dang 10 year later it collapsed i was in 10 grade when i visit
pov goldeneye 64 hehe funi antena cradle time to kill trevelyan
Scientists: Uhhh, what are you doing here?! This is a restricted area! Me: (ATV is half-clipping through the terrain with me on it, screaming incoherently in terror and confusion) I DON'T KNOW!
Why do we spend billions of dollars studying space object ? Seriously, why ?
Oh hey its that map from Battlefield 4
This goes right into my 3am collection
It's was a sad day in engineering history when this happened, it's going to be even sadder when we finally retire the international space station.
As a battlefield 4 player I really have to appreciate this real life enactment of the game
Wasn't this location a map in BF4 and if so levolution happened
I destroyed it in BF4
BF4 irl??????
Everyone knows James Bond collapsed it on top of Alec Travian to stop the Goldeneye from nuking world finance.
and they are planning to rebuild a new one!
Will Arecibo be rebuilt even better?
Wasn't this telescope used in James Bond?
Given the original purpose there was almost certainly haste involved in the construction. Loooots of "I want this built yesterday" during the damn Cold War
tnx for great review
That is from china world biggest tofu project telescope hahaha 😂😂🤣🤣🤣🤣😂😂😂😂
Some soldier was climbing the wires and a tank broke the cables. Battlefield 4 was a good time.
I knew Arecibo sounded familiar glad I've lived in Puerto rico my entire life
OMG BATTLEFIELD 4 REFERANCE
This saddens me, I remember when I was visiting puerto rico my dad took me to this place and I remember how amazed I was when I saw the size of the satelite. It was a wonderful time and I really hope they repair the arecibo dish.
If I remember correctly this was also in Goldeneye
Who the hell playing bf4 irl?
we all know support from bf4 blew it up
China feels like one of the late game civilization players, that build wonders not because they want them but because they want no one else to have them
I believe what caused the collapse with a simple case of time the telescope was 60 years old the metals could have been compromised at that point since you mentioned that there are pulley funding from the telescope it could have meant that was less funding meant less care for maintenance a satire budget would have hindered their ability to repair it properly
What happened was they destroyed that set of mcoms thus causing levelution. Thanks dice
James bond!!!
Rebuild it  with the latest materials and techniques.Hollow composite materials for the adjustable towers to add focal adjustment to the receiver baskets basic travel capabilities.. Recycle old dish panels  with islands recycled aluminum to make new dish panels in a better alloy that's salt resistant.
Easy excuse to get a brand new one
WE engineers screwed up!
Sean Bean falling.
battlefield 4 moment
Yet another high quality report. Im subscribing to Patreon right now.
Goldeneye be like.
One of bonds most iconic fight settings
I'm here cause I recognize this telescope from the James Bond Goldeneye movie. Fan favorite film from my childhood! I fell asleep to that movie most nights for years starting at 7 years old LOL. The tape was so worn out, I was given a DVD copy for my 13th birthday.
why does the Telescope look like the Telescope from the Film/Movie "Goldeneye 007"?
So what happened??? Sabotage??
Seems Dice and EA predicted the future in battlefield 4
Goldeneye!
I didnt know BF4 map really exist
Simple years of neglect.
Great show! So in conclusion, what you're saying is that the down pressure from the drones propeller is what caused the initial suspension cord to snap and caused this whole event to occur 😁 Dog gone drone!
TL;DR The dish collapsed because it was it was being operated by a former MI6 operative who was trying to use it as a means to control an EMP weapon in space.  But MI6 sent an agent to destroy it, which lead to its collapse.
For England, James?  No, for me.
It was aliens.
Was Sean Bean underneath it?
For England, James?
Bye bye El Radar.
Someone just wanted the levoulution on the map.
"Its lost felt around the world"  I never felt this. Is the world only exist in your head? HAHA
So much for a GoldenEye 007 sequel.
I only saw this one from the movie Goldeneye. Or was it From Russia with love?
factor of safety of 2 based on static load? Wow that is too low
You are looking in the wrong direction. It was the aliens. They don't want you listening or seeing them in space
Hey let’s build GIANT telescope !!!  Where ? Putto Rico ! Oh Tay !!   Wait this thing hangs on cables ! So ?? These guys get lots of storms across here !! OK !! This is the place !!   Wyoming mountain,Bernaska plain ? Bad decisions =bad outcomes!!
Goldeneye was my favorite James Bond movie as a kid. Can’t forget this place.
Wtf bf4 is real
This thing probably lasted 20 years longer than it should have considering the Defense Dept built it. Yet another quality report. Thanx
Sabotage in engineering assembly. only logical answer to cable breakage
its the fault of Pierce Brosnan as we see in '95 GoldenEye ^^ ..jokes beside, in my opinion its just maintenance fail
Excellent presentation,  articulate and easy to understand. I'm glad that I was curious about the thumbnail, because I had no ides Arecibo was gone.
I live here in San Juan and we knew the uncertainty  of the telescope. We all felt a great loss when it collapsed. We are all grateful that no one  was hurt. I hope that something spectacular  comes to the spot where this great telescope roamed the universe.
holy shit battlefield
You would think that they'd replace those cables at least once in a span of 70 years 🤷‍♂️  I do love the concept of making a better one. Technology alone is a huge leap.  They could use carbon nanotubes and carbom mesh 😎
Is no one going to mention it's star role in Goldeneye!!!!
It's incredible how it was all caught on camera
strain hardening and brittle failure?
Hi
bond was there
This is from Battlefield 4 Rogue Transmission!!
it was a dinosaur, something you might find at Bedrock U.
This was so tragic. Magnified even more because they do not plan to build another. We will be missing out on so much this radio telescope observatory could discover that no other that had been built can discover. This was the only one. Built for its function
I will always remember that antenna from GoldenEye
Multi million dollar facility in that shape?   I don't think so.   This was purposely done.
Bf4 rouge transmission lmao
Is this where They filmed goldeneye?
Whoah Whoah!!! Where are the 007 James Bond Golden Eye fans? This was iconic in that movie! You could even run around this thing in the game!
I live in PR and I can say for 100% certain that the problem was corrosion. The climate here is so humid like a sauna all year long. I have literally lost two computers to corrosion, one was too close to a window and was dead in a year, the other was in my room away from any window and was dead in 3-4 years. I could see the corrosion near my CPU where the fan blows. My only solution is hermetically sealed PCs since I can't have an AC and close my room. Imagine this telescope with like 60 years of humid climate.
Sad that the structure was lost. But it did last many decades, and that is a testimony to its engineering. Another question that comes to mind is whether or not this facility was the one pictured in a James Bond movie many years ago? A facility similar to this one was used as part of the plot. Just wondering. Thanks.
Kudos to the engineering firm that refused to sign off on the safety of the telescope.  I suspect they had mountains of pressure from Management to get the sign off.
It was sabotaged so we can't see they poked out one of our eyes
There goes another Billion From the government wasted
Obviously 007 was there and well we know what happened next ;)
It s crazy how they were in the process of thinking of her fate when moments later, it failed...the footage is incredible and its those things you just had to get on camera.
Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha!!!!!!!!!!!!
this place similar at james bond movie scene colapse i thing,..
I saw this in James Bond 007 movie GoldenEye. And it also destroys on the movie.
Lack of maintenance.  Im from the island.
It was just a waste of time and money. A forest destroyed and nothing found in space. Man, you're far worse than all the enemies on earth.
It's a shame the people who were responsible for maintaining the telescope didn't do their job .. I wonder where the money went ? I guess somebody wants to make millions from building a new telescope
Any record of how much weight was added to the platform over the years as equipment was added to increase the capabilities of the instruments?
i swear I've seen that in one of the bo4 maps
Didn’t this thing fall on Sean bean?? Surprised to see they “ fixed it”
Goldeneye ❤️❤️
For england James? No, for me lol
They had to stop Goldeneye from firing somehow...
Didn’t James Bond’s exploding pen cause it to collapse saving the day once again?
All I could think of was GoldenEye, lol. I thought you did a nice job narrating.
I agree Grady. Hopefully once the investigation and clean up has finished, we can rebuild the site with an even more advanced design!
What really happened was that the drone was flown too closed to the cable structure and the force emitted by the drone's propellers cause an extreme pressure over the cable max capacity load and cause the threads to loosen up and collapse..................,.......... Just kidding I just made all that up ....but it sounds good.
Your in depth historical aspects and engineering is so informative. This video also is proof of the wonder of the ingenuity of the builders and designers to overcome the many obstacles becoming such an iconic telescope 🔭
It's clearly the drone's fault.
As someone who can take this thing down with some C4’s and 10 minutes, they need to go back to the planning table🤷🏽‍♂️
Society: what happened    me with a tank: *I think you already know*
Very good report on the telescope..the engineering was great .
I know https://youtube.com/channel/UCUpMig3WBJ7P9RgpBpmy9pA
I do this to the arecibo all the time in bf4
BF4 Levelution, Rogue Transmission map
Fun Fact:  This site was used in the movie Golden Eye starring Pierce Brosnan.
Just here bc of BF4 and daamn
Real life inspired battlefield 4, and then battlefield 4 inspired real life
It was destroyed by James Bond Pierce Brosnan...The Govt should sue MI6 for the damages
Was this in a James Bond movie ?
one Of the James Bond Film Sight
an engineer with c4 was trying to trigger the levolution
This is far the best report about the Arecibo telescope crash.
I can't remember the exact first time I had visited it, but I have been there a few times in my life. I was also born just about 20 minutes from there (Barrio Sabana Hoyos) and one of my uncles also delivered material for the building of the Arecibo Radar dish. It is a great loss not just for Puerto Rico but for Science and research as well.
James bond destroyed it. There. Saved ya 18 minutes.
Was this on the game golden eye on the 64?
Nice Video!!!  It seems to me that they could recalculate the cable loads today using modern software to see how far off the safety factor originally was!  I have a tender area in my heart for the late, great, Arecibo Telescope!!!
This comment is not edited.
LEVOLUTIOOOOOON
Isn't this where one of the james bond's movie is set?
Imagine being the scientist who was there when it happened... staring at a screen then BLANK
I'm not surprised by the one cable snapping in the middle when I heard the mention of the 'Salt Air' ... as an artist who does work at the Jersey Shore occasionally, the salt-air is known to be really destructive to anything made from regular steel (I've heard someone advise to use stainless-steel where they can)
We all know what happened. 006 got what he deserved and Bond went home with that annoying Natalia.
Wasn‘t that in a Bond Movie?
Goldeneye!
All human endeavour carries within itself, the seeds to it's own destruction.
So it wasnt bond who destroyed it???
A perfect spider web design are the best
Falls in 1997...by Mr. James Bond
POV: You're looking for BF4 comments
I was there in 1987. This is a sad day for sure.
Battlefield made it seem more awesome.
I know this telescope because of 007's "goldeneye"
James Bond movie was shoot here
For England James?
I live 10 minute from the radar. A lot of UFO had been seeing in the area of the mountains.
Nah nah nah, all y'all wrong. It was dropped on 006 Alec Trevelyan back in '95, courtesy of 007.
https://youtu.be/GQZLEegUK74  For England James? No, for me.
My grandfather was working at Arecibo Puerto Rico telescope in 1969 through 1984 for many years.
13:20 That would've been a good action scene in a James Bond movie.
Arecibo, for me was the future when I was a child in the 70's and 80's.
The extra weight should have been countered with the renewal of all suspending cables. Adding some new cables was a temporary solution. I know it's easy to say that now, but I'm certain that they knew this all along. Great work ✌️
It's simple Bond had to kill Janus.
James Bond defeated the telescope in goldeneye y’all…
It was James bond, I just know it.
the mounting format of the cables allowed for short transfers of excess tension between the cables "as so is the same thing for every strand in the cable seeing a differing tension". old used springs on a car, brake a coil off every bump it goes over... molecularly.
Bond destroyed it
were their scheduled inspections with qualified personnel
no one gonna mention Goldeneye 007?
Why..for what reason..how.. and why now..what are we not supposed to listen to or know about..things don't ever just happen.. coincidence..chance..and luck..no such thing..someone or thing is always pulling the strings..
Why did the telescope get into that bad condition.  It's a sad thing to lose this telescope.
James Bond did it!
My fondest memory of this place? Alec Trevelyan falling off in goldeneye.
You have to keep in mind: This was ORIGINALLY a military installation and that means it was built by the lowest bidder.
Perfect metaphor for what is happening to the west.
Did you all not watch the movie The Arrival or the X-Files?
Cool video. 👍🏻
One of the things that can’t be ignored—aside from possible damage from both category-5 hurricanes less than two weeks apart (Irma and Maria)—has to be the weight of the added equipment suspended over the dish; even with added cables the ~50% extra weight added stresses to the original cables and the towers that could not have been foreseen by the original designers a half-century earlier.  I wonder if the observatory would have been damaged as bad or subsequently failed, had there not been the added equipment?
As a Puerto Rican, this made me sad. So many unique things this telescope could do others can't just because of it's location. Hope we can all built a new one for the world to research in this unique corner of the 🌎 world.
Im glad we were able to visit b4 they demolished it😁
1960 cables....where did the money to change them almost 60 yrs later gone to??
007´s fault https://youtu.be/6HFkF8904Uw
Goldeneye lol
Im sure PR debt and economical crisis didn’t have anything to do with this. Im surprised those 60s cables lasted so long
Wait.. is that?… **battlefield 4 flashback intensifies**
almost sounds like he was there in person at some point in time
at first you tell us how amazing and important this telescope is and then immediately you tell exactly opposite - no interest from science community and no funding ) this telescope is obsolete now because arrays of articulated smaller ones are better, cheaper and more reliable.
Bro all it was was Delta group were just engineers and recons and blew the cables triggering the levolution that’s all
Damn snipers wont be camping on a telescope anymore
Cracking presentation. 👌
Im disappointed with the lack of BF4 comments here
It was the work of... A rogue transmission (please get the reference)
Where’s all my Goldeneye OG’s at?
I hope they fix it but, we know they won’t.    I suppose since they receiver is now on the ground, it’ll be relatively safe to be around. Maybe they won’t completely tear it down so it can continue to be a point of interest to be seen.
It was the drones fault. All the wind it was causing put too much stress on that cable. Lol
What really happened?  Why it was blown up by James Bond as documented in the movie Goldeneye. 🙂
James Bond destroyed it.  That’s what happened !  For England :)
Daaamn.... this was the place where 007 faced off against 006 in Goldeneye.
It's too old and backward. Now the latest and biggest one is in China
ca-TEEN-a-ry, not CAT-en-arry.
It was wrecked by James Bond.
Super interesting video ! Sorry for such a huge lose to science .  Hopefully it can be replaced!
BF4 Players: "oh yeah it's all coming together"
You should ask to Pierce brosnan and Sean bean xdd
Anyone? ANYONE?! OK GUESS ILL JUST GO AHEAD AND SAY IT Got to love how golden eye was the fictional explanation for this destruction lol 😂
I sure do hate that it fell I'm been interested in astronomy and science since DR. SAGEN did the Cosmos 📺 show on PBS!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I sure hope that ann even better Radio 🔭 WILL be built there because the better the technology the MORE better the RT and smaller TOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Battlefield 4 players are very aware of this place
GoldenEye James Bond film 1995 Alec: for England James  James: No, for Me
If engineers making computer models while the observatory falls to pieces around them isn't a microcosm of the faults of most modern science. Then I don't know what is.
I think it was a plot by S.P.E.C.T.R.E to sabotage western satellites and James Bond just didn't get there in time...
came here to read about btf4 comments
Alec Trevelian was a tough one
I visited Arecibo in the late 90's and it looked neglected then.  I'm not sure why it's a surprise that something fails and collapses when it's not properly maintained.
Bf4 vibes
I sniper with C4 took it down that’s what happened
James Bond had a good movie up there ^^
Is there placebo recorded the bitter end clip?
Nicely done. Well put together and explained. Subscribing for future stories like this one..
Pretty sure James Bond trashed that place.
0:15 a Map for Battlefield 4
Awesome article definitely worth watching.
They had to know that was about to come apart! Didnt seem like a surprise
Excellent post.  Very informative and well presented. The impact of traitor Alec Trevelyan's fall must have been a contributing factor.
Definitely an engineering feet that was out of this world !   I remember watching a James Bond film and seeing this dish …. So cool
006 went back to finish the job, 007 wasnt around to stop him.
Symbolic of US infrastructure.
You can see at 14:50 there is a black sling choked to one of the cables and around the second cable with a rigging block forcing down the cable to break it using the weight of the same structure.  Basic rigging destroyed the observatory , that explains the drone fliying at the exact moment at the exact place of failure. but that it’s my opinion of course….
G O L D E N E Y E
James Bond and Alec were fighting on the Goldeneye device, Duh.
Look at that! They actually listened to the engineers/scientists !!!!  And people didn't die
This was sad...
Mario @ 4:48
Bureaucracy killed this telescope; government bureaucracy.  People who did not own it, and therefore did not care.  Pathetic.  Just like the shuttle disasters.
What I would like to know is why Strain Gauges and their Recorders weren't incorporated into the construction of the Telescope to monitor those cables ?  I , as an individual , was using Strain Gauges and their Recorders to monitor things that I was experimenting with during the late 1960's and early 1970's ,  so I know the technology was available .   ---    < Doc >  .  ( Yes , I use my Professional Title as a nickname . ) .
At the times it was the biggest and it was in a few movies
Didn't Battlefield 4 predict this??
I'd like to admit that the construction (and a load weight) has been significantly changed during the lifetime. I'd consider this one also as a possible failure option.
Goldeneye 64 speedrun XD
James Bond really did a number on the dish.
Such a shame
Battlefield 4 called and said "Been there, done that."
That's all in Puerto Rico privet first class...
This is a scam story, everyone knows Bond knackered it years ago, I saw it in the movies!!!!!!!
Who came here about the flashbacks of BF4?
For England James ?  No    For me!     I am invincible🙆🏻‍♂️ 💪🏽💦🥶
Easy The good guys took it out
It collapsed because Alec Trevelyan fell through it.
It collapsed because Alec Trevelyan fell through it.
Great video!
Anyone found the Golden Eye there?
Looks like the thing from goldeneye.
Thank you very much I really didn't know that I hope they rebuilt that back and maybe you can sign it better thank you again and keep up a good work you do Merry Christmas to you bye-bye
I’m here to clear things up, believe me or not… So what really happen was they had been getting weird signals for years, but didn’t really paid too much attention to them. A year prior to this event they had been getting steady signals from out of space. They did not like that and looked into it, they called in more experienced astronomers to look at the signals and data. After doing their research they got a clue and knew it was a threat to humanity. So they decided to destroy it and made up this story. Not too many ppl know this but people should know what really happen. We humans are explorers but sometimes we need to learn when it’s too much and stop. We know we are not alone.
Lame. I thought this was about James Bond Goldeneye.
Was this observatory the one that detected the "little green men" signal?
What a shame :(.....rest in pieces. Im totally surprised peolpe know this structure now only from pc games. Know nothing about history and very important discoveries it did.
Well done explanation! Thank you! It was a beautiful instrument like the objects it was used to observe!
That was really interesting, & capturing the ultimate structural failure live was the fluke of flukes, well done & presented, just another reason I subscribed.
The problem I see  in his videos about the time he ever gets to the point he's talkin about you done lost interest moved on to another video I wish you would just get straight to the point and what he said the video is about then he can do all this geeky science stuff.  Baseboard you say I don't have to watch his videos anymore the answer is your right so I'm going to be blocking any more recommendations of his videos.
Can't it be rebuilt, if not in Puerto Rico, somewhere else in the United State?. Didn't China just build a new similar one but much larger?
Yea, they knocked it down for the Bond movie Goldeneye.
Epic mismanagement by yet another government agency. That's what happened.
Hmmm. Not only could it receive the faintest signals, it could transmit them as well? Transmitting faint radio signals sounds like a dubious accomplishment.
it was james bond 007 who broke it
Another symbol of the decline of the USA...not only couldn't save it but couldn't even devise a way to safely decommission it. This is what the end of a society/civilization looks like from the inside.
The fight between 006 and 007 happened.
what really happened? james bond had to destroy it to stop his ex friend from using a satellite called GoldenEye.
China can Fix It
Like Feyman said.. it is just that nature cannot be fooled...there wasn't any money or interest from upper managment to keep it working.
We all saw goldeneye. Don't lie..
Excellent presentation, very understandable and interesting -thank you !
bond did it
You're asking why something built a hundred years ago fell apart? All things break down over time.
Great video. Hey at least no one got hurt and an old out of date piece of hardware took itself out of the picture so we could build something even better in its place.  I hope the NEW Arecibo gets planned and underway soon!
dude this happened in BF4 with LEVOLUTION!  ive seen it happen hundreds of times now. it usually happens because someone with a tank shoots out the main supports lol
What really happened? The national science foundation neglected to maintain it. That’s what happened. Maintenance and repair had been neglected for years.
As an structural engineer that lives and work in Puerto Rico and originally from the town of Arecibo I want you to thank you for a great video.  Very well put together and you definitely have the presence to make this video informative and interesting.  Sadly my master degree thesis originally was about a structural analysis at the time of the towers and structure of the radio telescope  but the funds for it never came through and it was change for a Concrete Dam Analysis.  Not saying it would have make any difference but who knows.  Hopefully it can be reconstruct to all its glory someday but I won't bet my life on it.
Fortunate enough to visit the site back in the 70's. Really impressive structure pity that it suffered such a sad ending.
A year ago today. "For England, James?"
They haven't fixed it yet? What's the hold up? 🤨
The climate in Puerto Rico is tropical, along with heavy salt content in the air. Like everything else on that island structures deteriorate rapidly and like everything else on the island maintenance was less than steller and subjected to island corruption.
One question, why they don t clean the site from that useless material?
Golden Eye
I think mostlikely it been metal fatigue from switching what force is on each cable during rotation while tracking signal on dish + from forces from wind on suspended structure.
As a child of the 50s, this facility was a scientific icon. A source of national pride. It  was every bit as important as the space race in those respects. Such a shame to see it meet such a tragic end.
The Arecibo Telescope was looking pretty ghetto even before the cable failures. Just another victim of American infrastructure neglect.
James Bond blew it up!!🤣
2020 was a crazy year.
TRUMP NEEDS TO REBUILD THIS AND MAKE PR GREAT AGAIN!
we saw this in battlefield before...but it take many c4
I guess everyone forgot about how MI6 Agent 007 fought against the rogue agent 008 in the 90's
im glad i got to see this as a kid, lived pretty close to it
For England James?  No Alec, for me
' 'RED OXSIDE PRIMER' ' led base primer & paint.
RUST, PAINT LOSS,  ' 'OLD AGE' '
OLD AGE CABALS
bf4
For England, James?
"Therefore, I’m all right with weaknesses, insults, disasters, harassments, and stressful situations for the sake of Christ, because when I’m weak, then I’m strong." — 2 Corinthians 12:10
😢
Is it from BF4? XD
This place was in the GoldenEye movie.
I really enjoy your videos.   Thank you for your thorough and measured approach.
Nothing lasts forever but I wonder if the one in china has contributed anything to the scientific community .. doubtful but curious.
ZERO mention of Alec Trevelyan who died when the satellite array collapsed smh...
Maybe there was some corruption from the contractors to the officials when it was built
Nice video, but this was xXjetGod32Xx. I saw it with my own eyes.
It just wasn't the same after Bond had finished with it
the gregorian dome messed up everything. pure Arecibo gang where you guys at
Will there be a new one?
I still remember how the final fight in James Bond's The Goldeneye was fought there. One of my favorite James Bond movies.
LEVELUATION!!!!!!
The Cable guy broke it.
Bravo !  I never knew the 'safety factor' on the cables was so low, perhaps, because it wasn't intended for any live load, and it was built pre-OSHA it wasn't deemed necessary.  The missing paint on the wire rope in the drone video was definitely bad news, and thankfully it was picked up by a drone, and not a person.  I can't imagine how loud the noise of the snapping wire rope must've been.  Great video !
HAARP
No one I can see has mentioned that it was featured in the Jodi Foster staring Contact.
👍
Yo you on homie brother scientifical madman was that makes more sense than the dollar rebuild this place bigger than China 1in just to piss him off
And why don't we just rebuild it start raising funds the rehabilitation the stabilisation of the older Galaxy scientific research center. Ask Elon if he could help out I'm sure such a brilliant man would be behind such a project a little bit after all he would be able to use it if necessary
yooo they made that one map from battlefield into a real thing!
So sad I live in PR and this is a very sad event.
The real reason it collapsed is because someone triggered the levolution moment
Rouge Transmission from BF4
it was in the X-files.
The very simple answer: it was old
For England, James?
Bullets could of caused the first failure
I am so pissed off at my family for not letting me go there when we visited a cousins parents in law in 99.... I was so close I could see it from the spot on top of El Yunque when we walked up. I do admit the beaches and an 18 yr old drinking age were pretty tempting, I was more interested in seeing Arecibo but we never went.... I almost stayed multiple times but I ended up leaving and never got a chance to go back after the hurricanes hit and family moved from there.  😭   One thing I definitely miss is the breakfast... The big pot of coffee and milk w/ bread and jellies was AMAZING¡!   😁😋☕🥖
First thing that comes to my mind... Goldeneye !!!!! :D
It was wierd we used to see a green lazer at night sometimes before it crashed. What was the green lazer for?.
America is in decline, that's what happened.
poor monkies, they had lot of stress that day, imagine the birds...
I don´t know what happened at the Arecibo Telescope, but you are not going to tell me. In fact, you may allege that alien communications were received and lost. Or that the toilets were in working order when all the go pros were installed to capture the action. I am not sure if I have time to listen to over funded yes weasels and ninny nerds. Guy, if you were worth salty spit you´d have cancelled yourself long ago. Now let´s listen for talk of the Moon, Mars and all the bull beyond.
I can remember back in high school seeing pics of this for the first time and learning about it ...was sad too see it go but where it was and how much care was put into it year after year i can understand why it failed when interest and backing died off and only a college supported it ...now he did mention "partners" helped fund this project way back but not who they were and im sure it can be found someplace but this idea being done today with all the new tech we have im sure it would be built much better and out last the original design and my thoughts on this if it were to happen could be a global partner idea kind of like the ISS but as well all know at this point in time the only care is fighting Covid but that dont stop the main countries from building weapons and such as there people die off from everything else ...be nice to get back too the days when stuff like this was more important then whats going on today
This is fake news! - We all know 007 sabotaged the facility underneath to prevent 006 from firing Goldeneye over London!
This is why you always get the extended warrenty .
battlefield 4
as far as im concerned it fell due to inadequate maintenance. if it was upkept, we wouldn't even be watching this video.  SMH.
If only they could have lowered it to the ground like in Goldeneye, and fill it back up with water to hide from 007.
Thank god James Bond wasn't on there when it went down. lol
Alien sabotage...just saying.
Alec Trevelyan fell down inside of it in 1995 and they couldn't repair it
James Bond happened.
Yooo they made the battlefield 4 map in real life!??!
Instead of building a new receiver, just use a large drone to carry the new one...
LMFAO, so many VERY YOUNG "YT" Engineers on this channel, LOL.
RIP my main sniper position in battlefield 4
BF4
$
Mother Nature Vs Human knowledge = Mother Nature wins EVERYTIME!!!! Jesus the place was 60+ years old nothing mankind builds is going to last forever!!! Maybe its time for a new more modern one???
I blame Jodi Foster and Pierce Brosnon
Very sad to see an icon lost
What happened dhurrr its simple with all that weight hanging around with no solid structure to hold that big telescope the cables at some point stretch losing its strength 💪 and " bam!!!!" Thats the most stupidest designed ever why was investigating on something so simple of why it feel?
"For England James?"
"For England, James?" "No, for me"
The video was amazing and very enjoyable! Thank you!
Was the 2-times safety factor based on relatively optimal conditions or was it applied after considering dynamic loads, transferred loads, and momentary "instantaneous" loads that would be experienced upon a failure of of a force-sharing component?
I glad the " engineered " safe zone was correct. By any chance was the unit insured or had that lapsed?
007 destroyed it to save mankind from the Golden Eye LOL
I'll tell you what happened. Someone strapped C4 onto the cables because they were getting sick of being shot at by snipers at the top.
I destroyed that about a 1000 times now. Next.
It's been around since the 60s....there's your answer lol just look at the thing prior to failure.....deff could of used some tlc
Still hurts
It was abandoned 30 years ago, it was mos def gonna fall eventually. nbd
I remember seeing this gigantic piece of equipment in Goldeneye and it mesmerized me. When I saw what happened last year to this legend it made me sad.
Those damn campers...
It Obviously crushed 006 didnt you see that true story?
it sure didn't blow up like it did in Golden Eye
Probably sabotaged by a flat earther 🤣
it is in PR. WHAT MORE DO YOU HAVE TO KNOW ABOUT WHY IT FAILED.
Probably I missed it but climate change wasn’t one of the possible cost including the rest mentioned.
an alien sabotaged it the night before
Aliens fired a disruptor beam at the support cable anchors.
Sounds like they fell for the sunk cost fallacy.
It’s both awesome and creepy that this got suggested to me the day after I watched GoldenEye on Prime.
Goes to show you where the "leaders" of this planets priorities are. Let's keep doing things to destroy this planet cause it's good for shareholders. Let's do nothing for science and discovery. Smfh.
modern 'science' wouldn't be such an utter joke if it wasn't all based upon a faulty premise. no wonder every foundational 'major discovery' remains an unproven and unverifiable theory that doesn't stand up to observation or testing. sad state of delusion the world finds itself in!
Yea, just do happened they had cameras positioned just perfectly to catch the action. Give me a break dude!
"gravitational waves" can't be observed or measured, and therefore do not exist. sorry!
so they take the radio wave data and create cgi approximations of what the "galaxy" looks like? yeah space is completely fake, there's nothing past the firmament that we can see
it is surprising it didn't happened any   sooner  . that structure was highly   prone  to collapsing due to wind  forces
Fuck bro sorry, that was me. I shot the supports with an rpg a few times.
Came here over a Bond for this telescope.
i use to run a program that decoded signals from there... seti
I remember playing on a map like this on goldeneye for N64
The first time was in Goldeneye ,Alec Trevelyan 006( Sean Bean) vs James Bond 007 (Pierce Brosnan)
Build Back Better, something that's on the cusp of technology. It will be good for the American morale that the US leads and is on the forefront of science and technology and very much interested in exploring the universe.  It will be good to boost the morale of kids and families.  Build Back Better. It's a win-win no doubt about it.
Goldeneye ☺️
No infrastructure funding... Must have been a GOP operation... LOL.
what a coincidence, the cameras was there... there is no such thing as coincidence ;-)
It finally fell after 006 and 007 had their face off in GoldenEye.
Infrastructure is mostly there, If they have the budget for it I think rebuilding would be a very good thing!
Who does the music? I’m not sure where to find who gets credit? I thought I recognized a song.
Yet another example of engineers underestimating the original engineering…
About 65 years ago, a local ham radio operator explained that every year he had to loosen the steel guy wires to keep his antenna straight. Reason: Rusting of the steel INCREASED the diameter and DECREASED the length. Further, he told me that the cables would break and his 70 foot high antenna would come crashing down. Could this be a factor in this crash ??
Cool.. so "what did they see with the telescope that they had to destroy it?" is the question.
I was in Arecibo in 2018 and it was amazing. I toured the facilities and saw the thing and was genuinely impressed.  So sad to see it break like thag
So funding was diverted and they had a costs-less-than-the-best shop fabricate the cable?  With all the news about Tofu Dreg projects in China, one must ask, was that first cable to pop out of it's socket made in China?  Also, it's somewhat amusing to see how any "expert" who is ever going to be brought in to create a guarantee of safety balk and say, "Sorry, we can't guarantee it will be safe."  The reality is that there is never a 100% guarantee.  Workers get distracted.  Somebody eating a banana tosses a peel on the ground.  Real keystone cops stuff, but it's responsible for far more injuries on job sites than inadequate design.  The reality is that no expert, who doesn't share in the upside or downside of the project, is going to guarantee safety.  They will not bear the cost of loss if the facility / project is abandoned.  Nor do they get any upside if the project goes forward successfully.  But they have tremendous downside if the project goes forward and is unsuccessful, so they will always have a distorted incentive to sandbag.  FYI, that's why we didn't get Woodstock 50 either.  Funny how this telescope was around for Woodstock 1.  It could have beamed Hendrix to deep space...  Far out man!
Seeing pictures from people working on this structure, with ZERO safety equipment installed because of lacking safety regulations in the country. Absolutely no surprise those cables gave out. Surprised they didnt go sooner. Eapecially being built in the 70s/80s
Battlefield 4 levelution but it's real
And Alec Trevelyan was down there waiting for it.
I only learnt this happened a few months ago, don't remember anything on the news in Dec 2020, but I guess there were other events happening that made most other news redundant. Didn't they do a few scene for a Bond movie there years ago?
A crater on the far side of the Moon would be a suitable replacement: It could be far bigger because of the lower gravity, and it would be shielded from radio signals from Earth.
Tele-operated robots would be perfectly suited to such repair, allowing crews to work on the site without being there.
As an astronomy fan, I am beyond tearful. I hope the wonderful thing is rebuilt with much better engineering.
It was all James Bond fault!
Even before it's collapse, it looks deteriorated and deserted from those aerial footages. How could any scientific project use its data since the dish is partially covered in mud?
Science saves lives. Denial costs lives. Think of a maintenance painter up there, having their feedback ignored if management was focussed on cost and having an easy life. Turn the dome into an awesome skatepark
I have seen 3" and 2" 6x19 wire rope part.  It is not something you want to be ANYWHERE near.
The American radio telescope in Arecibo collapsed in December 2020, while China's FAST radio telescope is operational.  What happened? Ran out of money to keep up with Maintenance?  Hardly heard about this in American mainstream Media, even though happened almost A years ago.
Really good, thanks mate!
Arecibo Telescopes: I'm gonna do what call a pro gamer move.
It was bc of Bond chasing Trevelyan. I fucked that whole map up haha
I am amazed to hear it would be zinc that would be used to permanently seal those cables in their sockets. Although not a metallurgist or possessing knowledge about the possibility of other metal(s) (or mixture(s) thereof) could be any more suitable by any means it surprises me that zich is strong and hard enough considering its low melting point low boiling temp, which of course would be reasons to use it indeed. Something else again is, that steel cables that are are not specially coated, continuously, when subjected to a lot of force as well as when exposed to the elements (with temperature fluctuations possibly playing a role as well), become brittle over time though, by to such an extent that one can break a piece of cable up to an inch or more by hand. And this can happen in much less time than it took those in the Arecibo telescope to start failing, they may reach such a state in under two decades. I know from several observations and out of own experience in shipping.
Thanks for adding actual captions for the Deaf
what's the problem? just build a new telescope
you keep saying "they" could do this, "they" ignored that. yes, but you never identify who "they" were. "They" was the incompetent Puerto Rican government and careless "care takers" of he observatory.  nice PC for sure, but we can run but cannot hide. Puerto Ricans lost that prestigious scientific observatory, since they were never interested in it, knew what it was for, or gave a fig about it. The next one--if any, should not be built in a Third World country, but on the US soil in southern Texas where it would be cared for and protected, not in a place where the peoples' concern is limited to food, sex and consumer goods
Lack of maintenance for 20 years
007 already did this lol.  In goldeneye.
One rich person could have saved this single handedly. Bezos? Musk? Gates? Any of them could have paid to fix it and not suffered a dent to their bank accounts. Hell, crowd funding could have saved it. I didn't know it was deteriorating until the news that it fell down was announced. Such a waste.
Do you have something to say about the twin towers disintegrating in midair? That was some new technology huh?
brand new sub here i now know why a dam collapses and millenium tower is on a f..ed fundation  you're the man great contents and now lets see what going on with this teleskope . super interesting
The collapse of Arecibo broke my heart
Was probably made with chinesium
now i understand multi ,moving, points of view within the parabola.. thanks for posting.
is the dish sitting in a possible volcanic crater??
st Elmos fire???
Umm from Contact obvi
Did anyone else pick up that it's stated that the 'platform dropped by 2 and a half feet or by about a meter'?
This video remind me of the big cinema / James bond 🤭😊
This was sabotage. I know they ran some hoohah about maintenance but thats horseshit. This was sabotage.
"From the Cradle to the Grave, James..."
Wait I thought 007 destroyed it.
thanks graddy! what a beautiful and iconic telescope
"For England, James?"
Rogue transmission lol
"It's loss was felt across the world" - Oh you americans... lol
This channel is great anytime I see and engineering disaster I come here to find out what really happened
I heard it was James Bonds fault
Levelution yes
Yet one more thing from the sixties collapses into dust.
I would like to hear from people who disliked this video. It states clear and established facts. If you don't like that you have a problem.
Didn’t it get destroyed in the James Bond movie “The World Is Not Enough?”
Alicktrolises; too many different metals.???
Goldeneye and BF4. Also hella movies.
I believe the technical term is "it fall down, go boom"
So sad this happened, Arecibo was a icon back in the day.
guess you could say that TRANSMISSION went   ROGUE  * mic drop *
It's 57 years old? I'd say it lived long enough ,
Watched the whole video with tears in my eyes. This is so sad.
I was lucky to have seen it many years ago...
This collapse never would have happened if the telescope was vaccinated
Recon must've planted C4 on the Wires
dang is that battlefield 4 confirmed in portal?
Two words: Rogue Transmission.
Real answer: Too much evidence of f4kes. Humanity is starting to ask and question everything. Needed to be destroyed.
Honestly, we have people hungry on this planet. And we waisted millions on a telescope to stare at stars we see but will never reach. Waist of time. Destroy it  and be done with it
What a slight buzz kill is the improvement in 97 included amazing technology that was late age but their solution for holding the 50% more was about 9 more cables. This change of weight should have required a rework of the structural support.   They could've held off on attaching the gregorian dome to do so.
As always, every topic is interesting.
GoldenEye!
Great documentary.
This is an absolutely incredible examination of this important historical icon. Definitely earned a sub from me as I am very interested this content. Minor suggestion on the video work: please consider not pointing the camera at a window. The blown out video was distracting. Thank you for taking the time and creativity to provide this content! :)
So... I guess I paid for that.....Shouldn't hire a Yankee and expect a job to be done right. Urban influence.
Same ole same ole...counted on the govt to maintain their equipment. Sorry fucks
Rogue transmission
I call odd job.
Here because it’s a B4 map
Battlefield 4
Some of James bond was filmed there .
How many are here just because of BF4?
Either Levolution or Bond, James Bond!
Plot twist: quadrocopter resonance caused it.
Rouge transmission
Western are dying.
Rogue transmission
Did bf4 base it off this tragedy?
Goldeneye!
Just wanna drive on thqt desk with a quadbike
They say Xenia Onatopp is still in the tree
Or just change them once in a while.
It doesn’t take a surgeon rocket to know that it fell down because James Bond   Made it fall down . Did any of you see that documentary called golden eye ?
As a local, this was super heartbreaking to see
Rogue transmission 👌🏻
What are the odds the weight of the paint had a factor in the cables failures?
Hm
James Bond happened
giant waste of materials is what it is
Yea, I'm no engineer but I did spend a night at holiday inn express...where I was taking a simple automotive course dealing with the electrical systems.  I remember my instructor saying "2 unlike metals and a base liquid, you got a battery...with all the related problems"   Corrosion being #1. So that satisfied me with the joint failure BUT!!! The cable just flat snapping?  Wow, umm, are our suspension cable bridges in question?
I clicked this video because of Sid Meier's Civilization III SETI program.
Really liked  this  video, I didn't know about  this ending of  Arechibo.... sad for it.  Hope , like u  said that they are going to build something as amazing  as before.
We all know the real reason why this happened. Lack of maintenance due to lack of government budgeting.
James Bond must have saved the world
Damn Battlefield 6 looking good!!!
And that is millions of dollars in equipment down the drain, but it did it's best until the very end
Rico , settlement liberated
no matter it was lack of funds
Such a big lost 4 my country 😓
Oh no! Our telescope! It's broken!
It really is sad seeing something like that happen. Hope they construct something better in it's place. Would be a shame to scrap the whole site.
For England James? NO for me....
For England, James? ;w;
Sorry guys. Had to get those pesky snipers off the towers.
006 wasn't it?
is this this thing from goldeneye?
🤔🐟
His terrible word pronunciation for a lot of things made me give up at 2:36. I’ll find a better video with the facts thanks. Learn to speak.
That footage is still tough to watch ... Poor old Frank Drake must've been so shattered; I always find myself thinking about that, he made some amazing discoveries with that telescope in the 60s.  Pictures and footage from its Cold War heyday are really special, such an incredible looking place. Really wish I'd gotten a chance to see it. I'll have to go and see FAST in China instead, I think. (By the way, a video looking into how FAST was built would make a great follow up to how the Arecibo telescope of the same type was destroyed - I wonder if any aspects of the design of FAST have been changed since the Arecibo collapse as a result of "lessons learned".)
Sounded like a...Rogue transmission
some support with  c4 and ammo case
Video recap: What really happened? It collapsed. How? Why? We don't really know yet, but it's likely the cables. We're still looking into it.  Thanks for watching!
006 happened, this disaster got Sean Bean name all over it.
this a bf4 map
I just can’t imagine what was going through the drone operator’s head.  Watching the cable snap and the tower start swaying, then turning around to see all the other cables shrivel up and go slack while the platform crashes down into the platform below.  It must’ve felt like the world was ending.
Thank you for this fantastic job. Very well explained and you speak calmly and clearly. thank you again. Kisses from New-Caledonia
One word, neglect.
This is why most telescopes are located in deserts, not next to the ocean.  Water vapor destroys everything.  The dry air gives a clearer picture without clouds, which is the main reason they are out there, but salty air corrodes everything faster than you think.
The cables was result of PonylionHD's indiana jones🤣🤣
Great presentation and graphics. Wonderfully well explained
made in China
Golden eye
My great grandson father own the land. I’m from Arecibo el Coto. Chacon.
They say after the structure collapsed, people could hear a man yelling "I am Invincible!" from the bottom of the dish...
Alien invasion
Bruh really said fuck it, BF4 map
And was featured in the james bond film goldeneye
dang seawater will tear any metal up ez
What happened is obviously the American lead’s sciences and researches are lacking re-investments and fundings.
So that's what happened to the  SETI@Home project.
Battlefield 4 evolution anyone?
yep, James Bond did it.
I think they didn't maintain the cables and it fell down.
Arecibo suffered an initial collapse before the major failure: Check It Out Here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lL00Dz9IpEQ
007 might have had something to do with its destruction
Only knew what this was because of battlefield 4
Neat job on this report. :) Probably the first time I heard of Arecibo was watching Carl Sagan on the original Cosmos series.
Me a bf4 player sooo ummmm yea I may have been there once
I imagine fatigue stress played it's part as well.
They fr copied battlefield
Insurance job?
Goldeneye 👍
So having one of those things to detect nuclear missiles isn't peaceful then?
This video breaks my heart,
the site is done for science; weather is an increasing issue in the Caribbean and its also time to cut the PR umbilical. in addition the site originally was a military installation to track nukes; the ACEng's didnt desgin it to have the georgeon dome added later, dispite the later additions, further more it was built one year after the cuban missle crisis so the eng's probably designed it for a 30 year island life span.
You know what's been around as long as the Arecibo Telescope??   Rust-Oleum products. Rust-Oleum: Steel maintenance  Products.   Dozens of Solutions that all work.  There should have been two guys whose job was to bathe those cables, anchors, and tie downs inch by inch methodically every day.  Small Sections at a time.   The added weight of the instrument cluster would have made the weight of the two men working independently of each other inconsequential.   Their activity with hanging Chairs and section by section work would have made no difference to the work being done by the scientists with the Radio Telescope.   The professional Rust-Oleum products would have not only bonded with the Strands in the cables, it would have maintained  the overall Tensil Strenth of the strands.   Better Yet the Rust-Oleum company would have given them the product for the marketing opportunities alone.
007 GoldenEye
A sad day when this was destroyed. Sadder still that it was allowed to fail in the first place. Another iconic symbol of this country lost. The fact that it stood for 60 years would suggest that the original design was sound, and most likely succumbed to environmental problems, much like the recent Florida condo collapse. I think that we may be putting too much faith in computer modelling and simulations, using them as crutches instead of having a better, more solid understanding of the questions being asked, and doing the hard math and number crunching directly, or at least concurrently, certainly on high value or high risk projects. What if the program being used has a bug?
Those morons that owns the telescope, wait too long to replace cables, and yes cost a lot of money to do because it's high risk, but it has to be done, now the only telescope like that is owned by the REDs (fast ) this clearly dictates what the current and previous us politicians think about science
“Amazingly” one of the observatory staff was flying a drone above the telescope at the time of the crash??  Not “coincidentally,” but “AMAZINGLY.”   Bull crap!!!!  It was planned. What a bunch of garbage that it was a catastrophic failure. It was a planned demolition.
I dont know if its james bond or Bf4  players that did it
Dame
Nice to know I'm not the only one who saw this and thought, Goldeneye lol
China has a quarter mile telescope and has joined as a founding member of SKA. America has no membership of SKA and now has no large radio telescope on that scale.  Assuming SKA goes online, America will be in danger of losing world status in radio astronomy, which will lead to money and talent going elsewhere.   Given the threat of irrelevance, an array of telescopes with a greater collecting area than Arecibo and superior resolution is essential. And this needs to be done before SKA is fully online.
Why the Arecibi Telescope structure failed was because they didn't use 4 points of connection instead they used only 3 basically putting support cable structures at the 12 3 6 9 positions of the structure to better distribute the load across 4 points instead of only 3 points.
Futurama, the monks ate their shoes...
Why didn’t we rebuild it or remove the wreck and build a new one if it couldn’t be repaired.
The aliens destroyed it after seeing Star Wars, they thought we were building Death Star 3
I walked through there many many times, when I became 007.
excellent video but i cant figure out why this guys face looks as though hes trying to hold back laughter through the whole video increasing at the end.-[-=0 sarcas,m?
Thanks Grady, wonderful video The James Bond version of the explanation : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jp9tENRDVzA
It’s unfortunate, but very fortunate for the moment to be captured by a drone. Then even there were personnel on site witnessing this firsthand. Unbelievably amazing.
I saw this telescope irl it was so fun to go there I was sad when I found out it collapsed but I’m glad I got to witness a once in a lifetime sight
B S why don't you tell everyone the truth and the real reason that this useful structure was purposely destroyed?
Well, i guess Astronomers now have to use China's FAST telescope.
no more goldeneye matches on it rip
Yeah what really happened was me and the boys put a crap ton of c4 on it
Golden eye
Give the money to school and E.T./space  study to rebuild the dish
Tax the mexicans or make all democrats take a 60% pay cut then  give the school to
Didn’t this collapse when James Bond foiled the Goldeneye plot?
Just seen this in the 90s movie contact
Why is the safety margin so low? Wouldn't it need to be way higher to cater for wind induced load during weather events?
This is so sad, Humanity tries to advance something in science and it just fucking breaks
Not a single goldeneye mention? Son, I am disappoint
This is why we can't have nice things.
"Yes! I am invincible!"
Why the fuck people disliking this vid?
So my thoughts are when they added the Gregorian Dome, They added 2 more Aux cables to each tower to help support the 50% increase in weight. Once cables started to snap that added extra weight to the remaining  cables. Even though the cables had a factor of 2 for each cable we know it wasnt enough when they added the dome. That tells me they took the combined cable strength and platform weight and only added enough cables to carry the weight of the structure . Or that they didnt factor out side interference but it was so long ago  it would be hard to predict that. Another factor to adding the Dome would be the movement on that even though im sure it was slow you still have extra mass moving around adding to the stress of the cables.    Then the extra tie downs adding to that stress even more that  to me would exceed that 2 factor. Say before the dome being added overall you had a Factor of 2 , then you add 50% more weight well that extra 1 just went to .5 adding 2 more cables to each tower could have brought that back up to 2. This however is assuming a lot of stuff, My knowledge of engineering is very basic and i have a lot more questions to ask.
12:12 engineers final sad recommendations 12:40 Drone & GoPro view moment of snaps 14:23 that 3 cables failure modes 15:22 how much Safety Factor to use in design calculation
It's the Bf4 map.... man I love Battlefield...       I actually shot a jet with an Rpg (yes I know I shot an jet with an rpg so what, but from my angle it was so cool the jet was only 20 ft above me)... so what happen was a jet flew above me so I just waited till it flew back around I ran away with it took my rpg out and looked straight up and shot and I destroyed it and got the kill.
Thank you for the posting.
I dont understand why all this fuss is about. The thing was a 60+ year old precision instrument ON extreme tension. Nothing lasts forever!
2:05 Sounds like some scientists lied to the military to get this thing built hahaha
For England James  No For me
People finally gave up on giving them money to hear the news from outer space.
What really happened? A  structural cable snapped and the receiver fell, probably destroying the dish, as well.
Sadly, it signifies the decline of the nation as a whole, thumbs down on the video
How do you do a video on this and not mention GoldenEye?
The telescope was 50 years old. After two hurricanes pass directly over Puerto Rico it had no chance to survive. Another telescope will be built in its place. All we need to get the funding is a Republican majority in the House. The GOP is obsessed with space.
a perfect skate ramp
As someone who regularly pours sockets for my job, I really appreciate the attention to details in this video. I want to share this with my crew, this is a great teaching tool to the importance of following procedures every single time. Great work!
Here's shot from another angle of the dish collapsing I just found: https://youtu.be/6HFkF8904Uw?t=155
"Ambitious and inspiring"? Repurposed Military Waste
Well produced extremely well written and clearly delivered. Real science is a great respite. Thank you! Engineering rules 👨‍🏫
goldeneye
Anyone who works in the oilfield is confused because that's a rope socket and you burn it to clean it.. and then you pour your babbitt in there.. idk what his fancy science words are but if it come to drill line or sand line I can pour a mean rope socket.
Probably not a good idea to leave the locals in charge of upkeep...
Nothing in this world is permanent. Everything will be loss somehow. That's why there's a subject in history.
14:52 - 14:54 -> i see some little cloud from back of platform... Did you see it too?
Maybe they should have had the cables set up so they could drop it to the bottom safely.. then figure it out?
Been there. Super cool place. Pictures and video do it NO justice
SABOTAGE
They should rebuild it into a huge auto bowl race destination or better return it to nature.
These folks are inacceptable. They construct in a third word country. Why to do a durabile construction?!
Ñ
"It's loss was felt across the world" my dumb ass: It's that heavy?!
Mr.gk வீடியோ பாத்துட்டு யாரு இங்க வந்தது 🙋🏻‍♂️
Add now, china has the biggest telescope in the world.puerto Rico government sold and the destruction of the world telescope.
Heck that was interesting ... and really frikkin sad as well ...  Hope they can still use either the location or the wereckage to learn from it and build something even more accurate and stronger ^^
I wonder if China shares its findings from its radio telescope with the rest of the world openly?
One of the newly installed cable failing tells the whole story. Craftsmanship these days are terrible. All the new houses built these century are likely to have problems much sooner as the parts used to build the houses are mediocre at best.
Ah yes, the map “Rogue Transmission” on Bf4 making remember my best match of 76/0 K/D as a Helicopter Pilot, still remember some random guy in my squad jumped on my gunner and helped him get a 26 kill streak.. those were the days.  Real note though I had no idea this was a real thing. Surreal to actually see it.😮
7:03 "A local florida man.."
It fell in my 15th birthday
I wonder if the wire cables were right regular lay or right lang lay. Lang lay cable would've held up to better to flexing and wear. I'm sure they thought of this when engineering the project.
Two words, Just cause…
Maybe they were filming a Goldeneye remake, lmao
that rainbow in the middle of the spectrum does that mean there are gays in the center of the universe?
*Only In Battlefield*
Pea brains be like: I have no clue what this thing does but I blew it up in BF4 once
I really hope they can redesign it and bring it back. had I known it was going to collapse, I would have taken more pictures while I was there. #bringbackArecibo
Best FAILED footage of this millennium
Beyblade, anyone?
Anything to make excuses
Levolution. Or, Level evolutions.   *wow.*  -rainbow frog man
Luckily the chinese built an alternative. I suspect the nsf are happy enough so they can redirect the budget.
The school trips must be "interesting" now. "Welcome to an old radio telescope wreck much like our country. Please dont emigrate". Next week we visit the "herb" farms and hear how to fly under the radar
Obviously the 007 cash was not enough plus in bond they destroy it.
We all know what happened.   The Aliens don't want to be found.
at least no one was on the sensor array
Wait...what happen to the original intro tunes
I did a design for a 4,000 ton steerable suspended dish to replace it.  Maybe I will publish that design one day.
Watch those cables go frame by frame. It's fascinating and impressive how a cable break and some paints flakes, then another..and then like 3 frames later the cables snaps. Use the , and . keys for moving it by frame.
Great video, very informative and delivered in a way that even a layman, like me, can understand.
They wanted to get rid of it and did
Buen video, arecifo si no se puede reconstruir, mínimo mega antena de recepción de energía del espacio para transferir y transformar en electricidad, de hecho la lava creo que rayos ionizantes los transforma en electricidad, si pudieran hacer eso con antenas como arecifo podrían tener energía útil, barata y limpia ciudades de este planeta y futuristas en renovarla a futuro sugerencia. Reconstruir y ser el doble de grande, usar tecnología fractal o como corales, alturas, tamos y discos o antenas como círculos dentro de otros círculos, formas y materiales, desde desiertos y con endiduras movibles para desalojar arena o tierra, coladeras y modos de no dejar acumular arena y tierra en la antena o debajo de esta también.
Tower climbers use pure instinct inside a unique perspective to see naturally what an engineer has to calculate. Its simple, a man climbed up, then came down and told them "good luck finding men with balls that dont exceed the weight rating".  They would've had to hang me from the helicopter before I would think of playing near that jungle gym.
The Arecibo observatory had long been a low priority for funding.  I was a kid in NE Puerto Rico when it was built.
My bet is on aliens, or agent Mulder...
The cables on elevators aren't just "moused" and the strands separated. The strands are also turned back on themselves. Then pulled into the socket. And the correct type, CLEAN, and properly HOT enough molten steel MUST all be correct. I used to do that on elevators. It's an annual repair. Those cables should've been systematically replaced. And yes, not all elevator mechanics will actually do them every time. Think about that?! Those cables were probably not installed correctly because it becomes physical impossible for the turned back strand ends to fit through the socket. Even if no metal is poured into the socket. Like you said, the more tension the stronger they get. Poor workmanship I'd say.
will the telescope be repaired or replaced? is my question?
It seems like a good system would allow the cable system to be lowered down to the ground in a controlled way.
Obvious. The added Tie Down Stabilizing cables were the cause in the collapse. The original Main Stay cables should have been replaced or augmented when the stabilizing cables were added.  The time spent on structural analysis would have been better spent erecting additional towers to relieve the stress on the existing cables BEFORE any remedial work (or planning) started.  I bet Middle Age stonemasons would have cradled a structure like that before any thought were given as how to fix it.   I have this feeling that Computer Age engineers rely too much on their electronic virtual reality without understanding that real physical reality IS NOT suspended in time to wait for the proper solution to come along. PS:  A potential solution to the stability problem might have been a Tuned Mass Damper (supported by 3 separate own support tower, of course, but connected to the receiver platform)
“Emblem of human curiosity”  2 minutes later: IT WAS MADE TO PREVENT NUCLEAR ATTACKS
Goldeneye! "YESSS, I am Invincible!!!"
Love your style. Thank you!
Here from goldeneye
Three words reveal the root cause of the demise of the telescope : National Science Foundation. By starving the establishment of necessary funds ( 6:58 ) and even perhaps cutting costs during its fabrications by offering the construction work to the lowest ( but not necessarily the most competent ) builder, The NSF condemned this superb facility. If you need  corroboration of this view, check out the US Federal and State attitude to funding US infrastructure, which has been described as "third world."
You have to admit that this was one of the luckiest drone inspections in history. They were right there, at the right moment, pointing the cameras in the precise point of failure. This is precious footage for investigations and to show how this kind of failure happens in real life.
I am from PR visited the obsevartory many times hope they make it work again
Err... so they never planned for an event where they might have needed to change a cable?
Is 2.5 feet = about a metre a normal level of accuracy in civil engineering?
The amount of anger that this map caused in Goldeneye is unreal
Sounds like negligence to me. We had the ability to fix the telescope, but we made excuses to fixing it and let it fall.
I guess it's not really your style, but I'm rather disappointed that you didn't insert a joke about the collapsing structure falling on top of Sean Bean.
damn, this is honestly a bit hard, i go there every once in a while due to being in Puerto Rico all my life but I honestly feel it shouldn’t be rebuilt but preserved in the area here in the observatory. Instead of letting it rot, I hope they could preserve it for a story to tell rather than a broken record just repeating how it fell.
Gonna go out on a limb and say the cables (that were my guess - from china) were not made at the specifications that they said they were made at.
Interesting - and thorough, as always.
unless you didn't know that someone simply just loosen the bolt holding a cable and walk away to his/her home and after sometime it was that so called colipase.
Those Engineers are heroes and saved lives with math and modeling.
I think they doomed the structure when they added all that extra weight and didn’t replace the existing cables. Like finding an old rope in your parents garage hidden away from sight, they don’t hold up like they use to, they become brittle and break very easily. Everything has a lifespan, and that’s one point not mentioned at all in this video. What was the design life expectancy of the structure? 70 years in a salty windy environment.
Battlefield predicted it
As ysyal a fine job explaining a complex subject in a satisfying, understandable to thosev of us who are not engineers. thanks Grady!!!!
The cables were Probably mexican or Chinese steel. That is the reason for the failure.😂
i’m sorry, but that drone footage was fucking awesome.
i tought james bond ruined it...
I don't see why best thing to do is remake it
18 inches or half a meter.... Wow that stuck hard. Thank you for making my mind 150% more efficient when mentally converting. I absolutely love your videos. 🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏
Aren't you the baseball card guy from  Better Call Saul?
I know what happened! James Bond had to make a call at the last minute. He had to kill the enemy, so he just blew the antenna. Case closed. Np
@OP This was an awesome coverage of this failure and the history of the structure in general. Very entertaining. Thank you for this!
someone found the truth and some had it destroyed
Yo they made Rogue Transmission in real life, thats crazy !
Most people understand the importance of this fantastic scientific tool and the value of its mission. It seems apparent the failure was a result of incompertence on the part of management and just typical defer, deflect, deny attitude. SAD state of our Nation and typical of PUBLIC EMPLOYEE attitude!
LEVOLUTION!!!
How are you not playing Arecibo by Carbon Based Lifeforms?
What happened was maintenance wasn't done
why dont we find some depressed daredevils and offer THEM the opportunity to fix it.
James bond did it.
Wasnt this place last mission on 007 Golden eye on N64?
It was due for an update anyway,this is one sure way to get an update.
Ok !!!!!!!!
This genuinely breaks my heart.
They brought it down on purpose.
YA!
Sadly, I did grow up in Puerto Rico, and lived there until my mid 20s, but never got to visit the Arecibo observatory. We drove there once but our car broke down on the way, so we ended up going home. I hope they rebuild. I’ll go visit it next time.
Don't we all know what happened from watching GoldenEye?
i should be in bed   but here i am dragged in by my curiosity .
"What do you mean it's not gonna reset next round?"
battlefield players incoming
Thank you
It’s crazy that they made a bf4 map in real life, what a game
The recent hurricane might also have weakened the cables somehow.
they stole that from battlefield 4
I am glad I got to visit Arecibo a few years before it collapsed.  Very neat part of astronomical history.
The names bond James bond 😎
Rebuild it better than ever before. Use that site.
Save Arecibo
I remember in the 90s, as a kid watching Reading Rainbow and LeVar Burton taking a tour through the place. I never forgot about it.
What next? A giant tower falls in china?
The aliens did it
This was not such a great loss for science as most people think. The fixed structure of the radio telescope, the age of the instruments, and the development of much superior radio telescopes elsewhere made the Arecibo radiotelescope not worth the money it took to run it, let alone to refurb and upgrade the site. Arecibo's scientific use had pretty much stopped decades before the collapse. It was scheduled to be demolished all the way back in 2006 but just enough funding to keep it running (but not upgrade or maintain it) was brought in from other sources besides the US government. Still, its usefulness was still low and would have probably been removed after the hurricanes. The collapse just speeded up the process.
It was originally a cold war military installation, what did you expect? It wasn't meant to serve as a radiotelescope for multiple decades- it wasn't meant to last, yet it did. Demolishing the thing was probably the best possible option, since it greatly exceeded its service life. Nature was simply quicker.
What really happened? Lack of maintenance. Not difficult.
The problem is the structure was never designed with this much load . The load was added later with new instruments and all of this was old I mean with this cables on bridges they would have been replaces long ago but here the original cables are still in place here. The last point is they didn't do anything after for 3 months after the first incident.  I mean not removed the cable which failed and not replaced while it was still doable properly because too less funding.
Gravity is a b!t6h, ain't it?
Someone was just really mad at the sniper up on there
This is really bad news for the whole world 🌎! I wouldn’t doubt that maintenance was poor! It really should have been receiving top notch maintenance, especially with all the salt air! As a wrecker operator, I know the power of relatively small cables letting loose! Small cables could cut a human in half! It was amazing how much that tower swayed as the cables began letting loose! So what’s going to happen to all our gigantic suspension bridges with cables double the age of those used on the telescope? I think we have been too complacent with those old cables around the US just never quitting! If cables on suspension bridges came from the same vendors, I think 🤔 they need to jump into action & get to replacing the oldest ones first! With the highest quality American made cables! Just imagine the 100s of Billions to replace the bridges that could possibly collapse! Brooklyn Bridge, Golden Gate, George Washington, ect ect! Never mind the loss of life & loss of Great American 🇺🇸 landmarks! 😢😢😢😢
Space x to the rescue 🇺🇲🇵🇷🙏💡💪
Sad 😢! Let's make it bigger and better, with a telescope!🇺🇲🇵🇷🙏💡
The large dish in China does not fully replace the Arecibo functionality. In addition to collecting radio energy from the universe, Arecibo was used as a radar, one purpose was to image asteroids. The Chinese telescope does not have the radar capability.
I just bet it was more of likelihood that Human intervention contributed to the demolition of the thing because with the number of problems and failures noted before it's collapse. They saw the problems but put off fixing them, they saw the seriousness of it and did little to nothing but let the problems compound as the days go by, I'm certain that Insurances will repair/rebuild them a new one.. insurance does wonders.
it was a  conspiracy
A lot of scrap metal.
Sad & hope for something new. Thank you!
Factor of safties lol
James, James bond
Never played 007 Goldeneye on the N64 huh. We KNOW what happened there
A friend of mine was born in Puerto Rico because his father was one of the engineers who designed & built that facility.
Amazing videos of the collapse with the drone! Literally amazinf
Objective: Settle score with Trevelyan. Cradle theme begins playing.
Wooh, you ask "when did you first hear of..." That would be 1969, when it was handed over. I was about 12 years old.  1:20 or so, I used to mend computer tape drives. Component level if necessary. In the customer's office, with them watching, if necessary!
Several factors are involved including the age of the structure but the most significant was the additional load of the new Gregorian dome and its associated instrumentation. The tie down cables to stabilize the dome added more load, none of this was part of the original engineering design. In all likelihood the original configuration would still be standing but the structure would probably be closing in on its useful service life a few years or perhaps a decade down the road. The engineering team's recommendation to tear down the structure and cordon off a safety zone until that task was completed was spot on and they should be commended for a brilliant evaluation. Time to build a replacement system that's bigger and better.
Excellent footage.
I've always been fascinated with civil engineering and was happy that YouTube recommended this channel. I love the videos, they provide answers to my ever curious mind about the infrastructure in the world around us that we use daily and never stop to ponder "how does that work". I've always respected engineers and their ability to create. But these videos are next level. Good job
Wow. Amazing footage of the final failure.
I find it kind of bitter-sweet that the engineers made the decision to destroy the structure (even if time beat them to it) for the sake of safety. This original structure served its purpose, and the next one will undoubtedly serve us in a way that will make 1960's engineers and scientists proud!
This was such a huge part of my childhood it makes me so sad
ET took it down! Them homies dont like uncle sam spying on em! 🤣
The engineers that assessed the damage and safety did an amazing job here. Definitely could have been deadly!
I learned about it from Golden Eye. It was also a difficult level at the end of the game of the same name on N64. I had never seen it before and enjoyed learning about it. Shame it's gone.
Thank you for the analysis.  🔧🚀🌍
as a member of the group of humans who thinks making a super green house gas conscious group of people (western civilization) soulie responsible for "global warming"  while letting the major green house gas producers like china operate without regulation will fix issues predicted to happen 20 years ago, will fix a made up issue, that revolves around making money, i dont have high hope for this society. welcome to the new world order
Ah- rrèh- see- bo (Arecibo) it don't matter how smart you are, you can be an idiot at the same time.
bf4 predicted the future
So much for that Goldeneye sequel
If those cables had been solid, they would have suffered the classic problem of metal fatigue much sooner, but since they were stranded, that was reduced, but isn’t it possible that metal fatigue still occurs in stranded cable? Especially after standing up to hurricanes and the unbalanced load of the added rotating dome on the platform?
It's quite obvious what happened and it doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure it out.  Space Aliens got fed up with us listening in on their cell phone calls.  They thought we were a bunch of perverts with nothing better to do.  So they wrecked our giant cell phone bug.  Call it what you will, but to the Space Aliens that's all it was.
when i saw this i thought this video was about battle field i didnt know it was real
Battle Field Players be like: HURR DURR DURR HUBBA HUBBA DUH BRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR
I only visited the radiotelescopio once that I remember. Thank you for covering the event :)
Trevelyan happened
Comments be like: Battle Field Players be like: HURR DURR DURR HUBBA HUBBA DUH BRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR
Very interesting! I have to admit, I did not know about that radio telescope at all before this video!
caught in 4k
Construction by the lowest bidder...
Wow this new remake from BF4 looks more realistic than CoD Cold War
This is a lot more information than I've seen before, very well presented. (Mechanical Engineer)
I subscribed because of this video
i never even heard about this telescope even in school and im sad about it
False. Someone threw an exploding pen at some chemical tanks and then jammed a crowbar in the gears while chasing a global terrorist
Another victim of the left's climate scam!  Real science is defunded, and the money is diverted to trash science jobs that buy votes for the left.
That was no accident. If you believe that well you need to wake up. 🇬🇧👍
I'm glad it's gone and now we can stop throwing good money after bad trying to fix this thing.
It paid for itself.
Golden eye 👀
bf4 players:   “first time? 😏”
We got James Cameron piloting that drone
Arecibo should have started up a Youtube channel, then they'd have had no loss of funding at all.
Your videos are always so fascinating! I really enjoy your sincere interest in these topics and the care you put into crafting these videos. Thank you so much for the content!
I visited Arecibo when I was a kid and didn’t understand its significance well. Now I’m grateful for when I went when it was still in operation. 🇵🇷
I know 1 thing. Drones zoomed in on a "random" catastrophic failure doesn't just happen. This was strapped on the backs of tax payers
Such a sad day when I heard about this!
Reminds me of Aperture Science laboratories. Cave Johnson where you at??
thank you for the pragmatic analysis. that sort of dead feeling I get from watching the focus equipment crash into the dish, is slightly less but still there. obviously arecibo was not properly maintained, but the original design probably did not expect it to be in service this long either. and who knows what stresses were created by the various enhancements. who knows what corners were cut and what loads the design could Actually handle and what damage was done when finally those limits were exceeded. I did appreciate that it was dangerous to even attempt to repair it, but still painful to watch it come crashing down.
Practícal engeneering or practícal WATERPROOFING
Finally, to actually see the finally dimize after the initial, highly speculative failure which still is highly suspect and now past the point of salvageable restoration give some finality to it's future in a well presented way. It's obvious the were competencies in several perspectives and subsystems of constructions. I think you brought up a good point concerning environmental considerations. Make me concerns for large bridges in similar situations and all know full well how bad our infrastructure is neglected by our wonderful government leaders are.  I think it's great loss unless other more up to date way of achieving the goals have obsoleted the need for a future forward thinking replacement. Thanks for sharing!
For England James ?
GoldenEye:007 fuck outta here with BF4 haha.
Because there’s no more 007 films 😂
Problem was found to be .....  Spelter cable installed by sphincter technician's !
just sent a wind. hahahahhhaha...teleskop.stupic.
Jeez these mfs trying to be like bf4
Battlefield players talking about it yet James bond goldeneye was first lol soon as I saw this i had flash backs :)
I'm not cooking, but i like your show!
BF4やん
Great video! I would love If you make one about the chinese Arecibo.
only clicked on it because of bf4 lmao
Wow. 60 years in the north east and you all put this much research in this to find out it's old.......
Battlefield 4
There is a large band (N band) of infrared light around 8-12μm. So ground based observations are possible, if you add are high up on a mountain or on a plane (SOFIA) to avoid clouds and disturbances. I still hope to use a uncooled microbolometer and germanium lens assembly to do ground based astronomy. But integration time is a constraint.
I've seen this happen multiple times
Is it a little weird that this fell in real life but in the game battle field they have that same board with that same telescope collapsing
0:01 Dont worry, it will restart in the next round
In short; needed new cables because of the sea salt corrosion.
Some days my patience feels like those cables. But I really liked the failure footage that was well timed.
Somebady knows that wore will broke and set up the camera ....
Cables can rust from the inside out you cant see it coated or not and cables that old should have been replaced.  More cables should have been added to the towers to. You can see the rust on the cable connectors in one of the photos.
BF4 players being like: this dude did not just prank everyone with a battlefield map
Puerto Rico moment
Who the fucks choice is it to put military first above and Infront of science!?!?
Bond..... James Bond  !
Golden Eye
#BF4
So we not gon talk about how battlefield foreseen the collapse of this structure seeing as how it collapses literally last year
I couldn't find any good data on whether or not the 2019 quakes had an effect on the telescope.
It is the one that comes out film 007 Golden Eye
Everything in Puerto Rico falls apart.
Battlefield 4 memories! 🥲
I remember this from the X-Files
Ah yes the one fucking bond movie happened there😂
Another insurance scam.
I remember these ICONIC instrumen... These where James Bond movie take place
thats the thing recreated in koth brazil in tf2
Yeah... That drone is in the best place in the perfect time, not a day or hour earlier or later...
Solo 4 giorni fa ho visto un documentario in TV. Diceva che era il top dei radar. Ingegneria incredibile.
For England, James?
Is this battlefield foor?
Mulder was there. The alien is real.
Bf4 players: it’s all going to plan
Oh No. This sucks. I sincerely hope they can fix it quickly. Maybe even replace it with an updated one.
007?
That and also how much Hurricane Maria and Irma also contributed to stress being in over 120mph+ winds that both of them combines well over Cat 5 winds at least 250mph with less cables even holding it over 2020 season.
Worker: hey boss you got a min? Boss: ye? Worker: umm idk how to tell u but il tell u anyways. The dam thing collapsed...   This must of been the weirdest conversation lmao
Holy bf4
the Arecibo Telescope didn't fail, it suffered the same fate that the world trade towers did. Don't believe the media! this event was meant to happen to the further keep humanity at bay and not advance due to other higher tier entities over seeing this human population and its "developmental growth"
They filmed a James Bond movie here 🤘🏼 Goldeneye I think
Pov: you’re a bf4 player and this video got recommended to you
“For England, James?”
Excellent coverage of sight info.  I would've liked to have visited the site.
For england james , no for me.
I wonder why this event was not in the news...
It's called c4 and a rocket launcher to nock out the towers
Just more scientific “black holes” for money!
Other than spending money in Puerto Rico, what good was it? It had long passed its relevance!
James Bond, Golden Eye
Sean bean was crushed beneath it.
Maria in actuality caused way more than 3k fatalities may unreported deaths happened over the course of the hurricane itself and the recovery of it. Tons of important resources were fought over actively and many people who lived in places like retirement homes where just sitting ducks in an ocean full of sharks. Don't only believe what the government tells you. Dig deeper and find the truth. I've lived on this island since i was born and it's always a huge amount of lies about anything and everything
Rouge Transmission
I'm having a battlefield PSTD attack
I know this place from _007 Goldeneye_ movie
Levolution
Who knows this from james bond golden eye nintendo 64? Then your an og gamer
Was going to say something about battlefield but. Yeahhhhh
The use for Puerto Rico has been diminished the U.S now has larger puppets
N64 goldeneye
Arecibo telescope falls down  BF4 players: "Nervous breathing"
I hope will be replaced with more udated one
I think this place was the third to last mission in Nintendo 64:s 007 Golden Eye. Was a hard mission to pass. Best action video game I have played and a great movie.
Thank you so much for this video! You speak at a very comfortable pace and explain everything so well. :) I have absolutely nothing to do with architecture but the video was really captivating. I've enjoyed it very much.
XD
This guys like the johnny sins of the engineering community
Nice to see a follow up on this since I live in PR! (: cheers!
I seen a dude trying to blow it up on the first min lol
Those damn eod bots!
We already screwed this planet and making it worse for the new generation. Curiosity should be to make the place better,  where we live.
Maybe it picked up a Rouge Transmission and that’s why it collapsed
Reason for loss: some dumbass knocked one of the towers down to murder the M98B user up top.
Wait so this isn’t rogue transmission?😂
Alien sabotage. They are coming....
My bad guys, that’s was me
I dont want the facility to be completely demolished. i feel like nature should take control and just overgrow it. Keep the history ya know.
All the taxpayer money the USA sent for maintenance was used for bribes and people didn’t have the skills to maintain it. So now the locals will get money by scraping it out.
Pretty sure the reason why it was taken down was because players got tired of me sniping them and if I saw them on a wire I sniped them or a copter, my friend Rocket Launched it down.
It’s always weird to hear people talk about Puerto Rico since we are a very tiny island compared to the rest of the planet.
It was one badass hammok.
Well the demo man got tired of the sniper up there.
Who caused this destruction?  Me: Bond. James Bond.
Golden eye
old structure, already reach the design age of the structures
I knew all the comments would be battlefield 4 players lmfao
I’m pretty sure someone put c4s on a jeep, got into it, drove it to his enemies, jumped and exploded the jeep right when it was going to hit the enemies.
Glad I visited once. remember when my dad told me the telescope gather alien info.
Only in Battlefield
Little note on the side, James Bond Wuz here
The reason it colapsed was because of james bond
The Greys took it out. Got tried of being snooooped on.
bruh this was in puerto rico and i'm from puerto rico also built in 1963, the reason it collapsed its because it already suffered damage from hurricane irma and hurricane maria, many moths later there been reports about Arecibo observatory saying that it needed to be fixed but government didn't care
Goes to show that saving money on construction isn't really profitable in the long term.
Decent video
Nah, it was because of 006 and 007 stopped him.
Plot twist ... odd job cut the cable with his top hat trying to hit 007
too much jdams
They should ban c4 explosives
There are sniper on top of it
Here because I wanted to find out which side won between Red and Blue. #Battlefield4
LEVOLUTION!!!!
BF 4 players here?)
Battlefield predicted the future
Bond happened
Why didn’t bf4 tell us we were playing in Puerto Rico
Levolution
I cant see C point with helli port
Excellent work by the engineers establishing those safe zones. Saved lives
Anonymous;Code 😳😳😳
I only know at this thing is cause of battlefield 4
Well the real story is that James Bond and his old friend now enemy Alex 006 duked it out and James dropped Alex from the hanging scaffold and then dropped the scaffold on him on the satellite dish itself.   Then the US and Russians decided to duke it out for some reason and did even more damage.  THE END!
That's the best map I ever experienced IN BF4! I know that my sniper scope is similar to this huge scope.
Bf4 predicted it🤯 and it looks almost identical
just like the simulations
I've seen this thing a lot, and was very interested in it. HOW DID I NEVER HEAR THAT IT COLLAPSED?
It fell on Alec Trevelyan.
Battlefield did a great job replicating this before it even happened
Damn battlefield 4 tanker blew up the support cord again
I only knew about this now! Oh dear. That sucks. I remember building it as a world wonder in Civilization III
James Bond destroyed it saving the world from GoldenEye
LEVOLUTIOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOON!
I first learned of this dish from the movie "Contact"
Isn't it obvious what happened? 007 saved the world again
*BF4 Theme start*
LEVOLUTIOOOOOOOOOOONNNNNN!!!!!
All these peple talking about BF4. Those old enough will know it was Peirce Brosnan and Sean Bean who cause this thing to collapse...
Daammm here goes my snipping spot
007golden eye…
Its most likely they got too close to the truth and the USA destroyed it
Fck battlefield. This was cradle in Goldeneye
No wonder why it collapse,only one guy do the maintenance 3:18 4:50 ,lucky he has a drone
This manmade thing crash  But let’s not forget the pyramids and the others haven’t collapse and still standing even though they man made.
4:51 that man has balls of steel, to be that high up and have no harness on.
I had good times on this map, RIP 😢
The sounf is so looweee
Lines up with the bf4 timeline too Edit: wait is the 2042 timeline the same as bf4?
That drone footage . . . priceless.
Was the bridge in goldeneye
what if we sent out some sort of signal to another life, and they saw it as rude. so decided to throw a meteor or whatever hit the dish towards earth at the perfect angle to destroy it
Aight bro who triggered it?
Someone let someone in with c4
karma, you know, for what dice made in its game
I mean ... I saw it coming. It was poorly maintained.
Ever watch Goldeneye? It was the british secret service.
Esse lugar foi onde gravo o 007?
What happened? Goldeneye, that'w what happened.
How the heck did this went under the radar? I did not knew that it had collapsed.
purpose ,neglecting and sabotage from heard signals
Glad it's gone no place for that shit in the jungle. Leave the jungle alone. The us government knows theirs aliens around us and keeps their tech hidden for their own gain. Man somehow keeps pushing new tech and you really have to think how is this happening humans can't keep getting smarter because their are limits on human intelligence.....
💲💲💲💲💲💲💲💲💲💲💲 🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫
Living in PR, went to it 5 times. Devastating loss.
It's even funnier when you realize that BF4 takes place in 2020
The comments section: *Hur Dur Baddlefeel*
Copyrighted by bf4
I blew that up many times 🤯
Esse daí não é o tal do mapa do BF4...
I shot the lines
It collapsed due to the funds that was received for maintenance over the MANY years went elsewhere , so what happens? No maintenance went to deterioration. Simple. How i know? Used to work there. Y'all should have seen the conditions that place was in. Very , very sad place to work in. It felt/looked a like crackhouse.
Amazing Commentary. Clear, precise, scientific and made very interesting. Thank You.
James bond
Very interesting and informative video! Was the coolest scene in 007 film ever
I think you mean rogue transmission
What really happened no proper maintenance or funding for upgrades
Good, I didn't like that koth map
Everyone's here talking about Battlefield...  The real OG's know it's Goldeneye.
The best plans bf4 😍😍😍
BATTLEFIELD
this is what realy happen..... the place was obsolete an they are looking for funds to reconstruct a new one. so they had to fake a dissaster to get international attention.
Aliens
I think that when the weight was added from the upgrade it should have been brought down and the cables replace/updated to better ones.
Can’t forget that it was also a evil lair for 006 in the 007 movie Goldeneye! Lol
wasn't the tellocospe used in a james bond movie
BF4 players: 😐
Thank you for the awesome video! You gave a bunch of great information, I spent my childhood visiting Puerto Rico and have fond memories of going to see the telescope
I may not know much about antennas and radio waves, but I play Bridge Constructor and I say the problem is not enough triangles!
Oh shit, that my country
Grady Hillhouse, I hope you realize that we all appreciate your quality videos! Entertaining and super educational. Thank you.
How was this not mayor news in Puerto Rico?
Goldeneye
Real OGs remeber this thing from James Bond, not Battlefield.
It's Levolution. Just restart the match lol
Thats's nota bf4... It's goldeneye!
Battlefield moment
I’m glad I seen it when it was still up. Pictures don’t do it justice. It was huge.
I'm pretty sure Sean Bean and Pierce Brosnan had something to do with it too
007 golden eye
Omg i went and seen this place back in 2015..im just know learning this..woow 😭
So basicly its been in battlefield, in goldeneye, in contact, and now its crashed, i feel old, ill miss u bud
Rip to the guys getting sniped off the ladder😂
Obviously 007 was a documentary and now we know it.
007 brought me here
Bro they made Rogue transmission a real thing woah
Goldeneye.
Obviously it was replaced with something much more advanced, with our “trustworthy” three letter agencies at the helm
I live in puerto rico, for me is sad the satlelite callaps, and bf4 gamers conpare it and for me is insulting
Ahem….. a support class with c4 charges non stop spamming resupply and blowing the hell out the cables.
It failed cause no one wanted to pay to maintain it
Golden Eye
3am videos
James Bond throwing the dude off the top while that camper with the tank is shooting the wires 😎
Some asshole who was playing Battlefield 4 shot it down.
Idk why im here but was cool, thanks
Four types of people watch this video /in the comments   1. Goldeneye movie/video game fans 2. Battlefield 4 fans 3. Astrolgy fans  4. Engineering fans
Le crash du niveau cradle 😢😢😢 rip 006
Did anyone watch this because it reminded them of GoldenEye?
I was born in Arecibo, Puerto Rico but unfortunately I couldn’t see it before it collapsed since I’m currently living in Chicago since I was a child.
Bf4 players saw this coming
What really happened: "For England, James?" "No. For me."
BF4 reference
I only clicked on this because the Cradel level on Goldeneye 007 😂🤦🏾‍♂️
BF4
This was a real place?
Thats just levolution my dude
Bf4 predicted
James Bond : Goldeneye (1995)
Didn't China just get one up and running in the last year or so?
Why do I feel dead inside for seeing it fall down?):
I used to tear down 70s chevy impalas and caprices. One thing i can say is cars that came from the coast rotted from the top down, while cars further inland rotted from the ground up.
Damnnn bf4 fans losing their shit 💪🏻💪🏻💪🏻💪🏻💪🏻💪🏻💪🏻💪🏻
Insurance to the rescue
Ppl putting battlefield comments... You young pusssssies, talk about golden eye, James bond
Rogue Transmission
Boris the invincible iceman.
Battle felid definitely predicted this happening
I mean, we all know what happened.  The Documentary Golden Eye covered it quite well in fact.
You can break it the same way it fell here on BF4, coincidence?  I think not LOL jk
Clearly an attack jet shot it while we detonated c4 🙄
them: Arecibo Telescope BF4 players: nAh, man it's Rogue Transmission
WOOOO, I LOVE MI HOME, PUERRTO RICO, NOTHING WORKS AND PEOPLE TREAT U WORSE THAN NEW YOERKERS!!!!
ehm, ... ALIENS
Hey, keep in mind Battlefield 4 also takes part in 2020.  It's all slowly coming together
Props to the engineers who correctly assessed the danger and created safe zones for people to stay in in case this exact incident were happen, instead of simply believing that the cables could hold the weight because the manufacturers said so. Your competence and professionalism saved lives.
My bad, it was in the map rotation and I blew the wires with c4
It's not called "Arcibo Telescope" it's called Rouge Transmission
A cable supported structure usually has some rigorous maintenance, and not just slapping on another coat of paint.  Antenna towers have guy tensions measured periodically, and tower alignment checked to confirm integrity.  Even the Gold Gate Bridge has routine cable inspections, and while visual inspections are not like Superman looking thought the cable with X-Ray vision,  there are known things to look for which show that there is a problem beginning.  Apparently, nobody was paying attention in PR.
Golden Eye was true Golden, to be a console game
For England, James? No, it's for me. Classic!
A bunch of bias waste of time
People putting battlefield lmao 😂
The cradle
Goldeneye
Puertorrican here! Yes I have been to Arecibo's Observatory back when I was a kid, but the reason why they stopped its either 2 things  1. Poor maintenance 2. Obsolete Observatory. Also someone did died back then trying to give at least maintenance to the Observatory. Also Irma and Maria caused so much damage that made the Observatory risky to be near of.
"For England, James?"
It collapsed like Biden’s presidency
The engineers saw it coming and took safety measures, that's extremely commendable.
phew, atleast nobody can camp on top with a 12x
BF4
You'uns never give no spectacular insight the whole time it was sucking funds from other programs. Lets take that money, and build another on the dark side of the moon.
Its kinda weird it looks exactly like the after debris in BF4
Your video is very informative But its too long, we have no time to watch complete
Damn the Levolution looks sick What’s specs is he running
Wasn't that in a James Bond film?.
People think it was the levelution of Battlefield, but we all know it was James Bond
I visit twise when i when to the university of colombia in puerto rico
Bro thats crazy, BF4  sorts predicted this
Wait that the BF4 map
I live in Puerto Rico near to the place and the day this happened my family and I were horrified to hear about it.
LEVOLUTION
rat kids: blah blah BF  90s kids: golden eye!!!
Gravity, the undefeated champion!!
First time I cried since my cat died
Why are we all calling it a telescope? We all know it's a satellite array
for england james.. no for me..
Schrott ..
Came here to make a BF4: Rogue Transmission reference, but, looks like there's no need!  But, I will say, as a sniper, I despise the bastards who insist on blowing the cables!
Battlefield players be like: We know a thing or two, because we have seen a thing or two.
Shit I went to see this thing as a kid pretty amazing. I remember they had a display on weather and how tornadoes are formed and other things to do with space and how the thing worked. Didn't know that's it got destroyed.
Everyone talking about BF4 but the real ones remember it from Goldeneye
It collapsed cos Brosnan blew it up
I'll tell you what happened Some prick in a T90 tank got bored and blew up the lines
Wait... this is not Gus Johnson
It performed miraculously , considering how it hadn't received maintenance in so long. The benefits of things that aren't cost optimized like today I suppose. Still, it's sad.
Classic lmaooo
The real pitch meeting: we’ll you see we’re making a video game battle field 4 and we need it to make a map . . .
I heard the collapse at my house we could see the telescope from the balcony now we can't,  still they released a  Blueprint of the new telescope
BF4 players: *Just like the simulations!*
This man just got 2.7 million views from former battlefield players
here is the full video of the collaps  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b3AASKr_iHc&t=2s&ab_channel=MDxmedia
“For England, James?”
Just a guy who put C4s at each poles and blew it up
I live in Puerto Rico and when this happened and I was shocked ! Sad to see that even a news reporter cried LIVE when it happened ... truly an awful event.
The last time I saw this on TV was on the show Expedition Unknown with Josh Gates😁
Sry planted some C4...
Some British spy shoved a pole into the rotation gear and caused the whole thing to jam up.
A few soldiers just placed c4 around the wire bases.
James Bond had to kill Alec Trevelyn
Battlefield took up the challenge.
So can u skate the bowl now
Battlefield 4
Hmmm this looks familiar 🤔 i swore I blown up those wires before because snipers
I miss Goldeneye
Did James Bond crush Janus with it?
Didn't they decide that the observatory was to be disassembled like 2 weeks before its collapse?
Was introduced to this telescope from the movie James Bond lol and Battlefield
That shit fell on Alec Trevelyan
All I'm picturing is 007 golden eye !
I love how the only thing I thought about was battlefield 4 and that’s all the comments😂😂😂
Practical engineer must be wondering why so many people are taking about the battlefield series lmao
Wait, it collapsed in 2020? So bf 4 predicted this? Nice
Over under China wanted to be the only one to have one and sabotaged it lol
Obiviusly a recon blew it up with c4 ridkng around on his ATV
007?
I’ve seen this thing crash thousands of times by now and I’m sure others will say the same
TF2 players hate this thing
Always bad stuff happening in the island geez smh
*Rogue Transmission*
The weird thing is that bf4 takes place in 2020
bf4 in real life
I appreciate this video! I’m a Puerto Rican and usually people who do videos about Puerto Rico give the wrong information, but you know what you are talking about! I was lucky enough to visit the place on 2016 and my father had the luck to work there a couple of time as a scientist.
New bf4 texture pack looks so good😲
I love dice studios because of this location😅😅🥞
Thought this happened in 1995 😆😆
Jake Busey terrorist bombed this too.
Rogue transmission
Goldeneye
I watched a video of the collapse, it was eye opening on what engineers need to think about when building a structure that's intended  to stand for decades.
20-20 hindsight has limited use.  Plenty of other collapses show negligence or incompetence; Arecibo served as a worthy pioneer and educator toward a better future..
Hell of an insurance claim
Battlefield 2024 trailer happened
I heard it was the Kaju that had awoken underneath it. It was just a cover for Monarch. Don’t be fooled people he is a paid Canadian shill
😷
No more James Bond movies being filmed there.
A drone just at the right tower to observe the collapse, plus another cam looking up  at the collapse just when it happened sabotarge comes to mind here  this was planed ,come on really a flying drone looking at the tower that the cables broke from ! no such thing as coincedance theres only cause an effect.
some mf playing bf4 on the area 51 computer: *fuck*
Even when it was at its most rotten it still performed. We could learn something from that....
It was bound to fall through out the ages too. I hope the next couple construction with new found materials will improve it's longevity.
Bruh this thing exist? I was thinking that its just a map in batllefield iam not kidding
I can just feel the battlefield
Next location for a visit by "The Proper People?"
“It’s loss was felt around the world”  yeah not really but okay
Yeah that's not fishy at all. Magically has a drone up in the sky and a GoPro mounted already rolling footage.....right......
Only in Battlefield
It even featured in a James Bond film GOLDENEYE
Well last time I check, 007 beat 006 and blew up the satellite 🤔😉😁
People talking bout BF when the true OGs know this was popularized by Goldeneye.
*"What really happened?"*      Engineer with a SMAW: _Casually whistling , walking away from blasted support beams_
Let me start conspiracy... Aliens did it
The cause of the failure? Greed. They didn't want to spend the money to make it better because money is an archaic form of currency that we've moved passed a LOOOOOONG time ago, but are the rich going to let money fail when the private companies sell money to America for more then it's worth?
WAIT!...the Cradle level exists!?
Man the new graphics for the New BF looks so real ....
Da tanta pena pero que se puede hacer?  Great video! It's sad they let it die but oh well, it is what it is
I just wanted to say that i appreciate the curve on your logo in the thumbnail.
James Bond broke it. DUH!
Puerto Rican here. I used to come here every school year on field trips and it never got boring. Is really devastating that this happened but i hope the can rebuild a new and improved telescope on the future.
I was literally up there sniping enemies yesterday
300 IQ project, lots of effort and money, epic results. Status: destroyed Reason: cAbLeS
Lack of maintenance. That's what usually happens almost every time. Sad. :/
Battlefield fans and Goldeneye fans are just tripping all over the place.
the cradle
Actually its james bonds fault..
If it was so important why didn’t they maintain it? It’s pretty goddamn embarrassing when a scientific taxpayer funded observatory collapses.
Far and away the best Arecibo Radio Telescope documentary. Congratulations 👏.
The load vectors were extreme hell but lack of maintenance is what did it in.  Bacteria growth from dirt and vegitation will produce acid and will corrode anything.
I was only here because of Battlefield
Golden eye 007 fans knows this
James Bond?
my fav bf4 map
This map was fantastic!
man i have fond memories of this place. well. in goldeneye that is. n64
It was oddly depressing to see that fall....
impressive doing a whole vid on this and not mention james bond once!
"for England James" they finally burned through the Goldeneye money oh.... Corruption you say?  Absolutely shocking mismanagement not to maximise tourism. Would only happen in a corrupt country. Disgrace
James Bond was playing Battlefield 4
War flashbacks kicks in .. too many s...s....snipeeers
Member goldeneye
Journeymen:  Battlefield 4!  Veterans:  Goldeneye 64!
Dice predicted this happens🤣🤣 would be an angry employee
Imagine all the people in this comments section who don't know what battlefield is trying to figure out what's going on lol
I think we all know what happened.. 007 happened..
Yeah but where is the attack heli
just restart the match itll spawn back in
BATTLE FEILD 4 !
He probably was playing bf4 and was Like I wonder...
Battlefield fans showing their age..not knowing goldeneye was a thing apparently
For england james?
Damn you Alec trevelyan!
This wqs in a james bond movie
007 Goldeneye
Damn first time hearing about this.
Well on the upside,  it’s comforting to know that there’s plenty of bottled water left over on the tarmac at the local airport for all the workers that are tasked to cleaning up the debris 👍🏻
Because James Bond destroy it....
Stop this levolution nonsense ... only Goldeneye references are allowed here.
The reason for it: RPG-7V2. That's it for today's video
I can almost taste the sniper glints from the top of the pillars.
The Cradle level theme from Goldeneye was just playing in my mind watching this
A BF4 plater blew up the supports… duh
An independent Puerto Rico one day🤞🏼🙏🏼🇵🇷
Oh yeah and it was in Goldeneye... :P the only reason I know about this .
Only the real people know that this was in GoldenEye and a traitorous commie fell off that thing
What do you know about deep space tachyons wade lol the losers also filmed there
Wasn’t this in 007: Golden Eye?
Cables under extreme tension are scary man. They can chop a man in half.
They really copied BF4 wow
Elites had it sabotaged
These are rumors it was me after I strategically placed my c4 charges and watched from a distance with my recon class
on a more serious note,  it would be cool to see it get rebuilt with modern tech that allows it to work well beyond what i previously could
There is a file marked "for your eyes only" that has all the info.
Anything funded by Florida will go to sh!t
GE007
probably to many battle field players playing around it is why it broke
It was James Bond that caused it to collapse im calling it
Came here for the goldeneye comments
Filming location of Goldeneye.
For england james ?
Its the same thing possibly as caused premature weakening of the cables on the forth road bridge in scotland perhaps. Also James bond smashed this once  so I'm sure they can redo it a second time.
Dice did it
Had a chance to visit there years ago...was a beauty but sad to see it go 😔
For England, James?
¡¡LEVOLUTION!!!!
and here's another thing. if they want to, they could build another, that is WAY stronger.
"It's like that movie goldeneye" -Cable guy
🥱🥱🥱 BORING I already played this map before 🥴🥴🥴
Omg bf4 vibes exept this one dosent reset
First thing that came to mind BF4
the cables broke
It’s levolution, and it’s art.
American infrastructure is literally crumbling. We need #GreenNewDeal!
James bond *INTENSIFIES**
Una lástima que ya no exista. Ahora los chino tienen el control del espacio.
Puertorico didn’t care about it . They did not do maintenance work on it anyways I mean come on they don’t care about fixing all the roads over there plus government corrupted over there as well
Battlefield 4 predicted it they knew all along
Lets tip one out for that last defiant cable that hung on for a few extra seconds alone.
Once again, great content!
There was a couple of British guys fighting on it
More likely it was torn down to stop alien intelligence buzzing in. US Gov needed to stop it and also destroy the ability for another country to capture it and use it
It would be cool if they had multiple sattelites turn into one big satellite like a cracked eggshell coming together to make one big egg 😂
Maybe 5 towers would have been a bit better than 3. Especially for a sattelite that size.
First we lose one of the most important cultural buildings in the world (Notre Dame) and then we lose this, one of the most important scientific structures in the world. 2020 just had it out for us
Goldeneye anyone?
SOoo much good data for SOoooo dang long. The only answer is to build back better.
Levolution that’s what happened
You know how many times I flew into that damn thing with the attack jet😂Atleast now I know what it is .
Battlefield 4 players getting flashbacks and PTSD from the war.
I kept looking for Charlie Sheen!
Well shoot man, James Bond screwed it all up.
Dont worry, I've played a lot of bf4 to know it'll be normal next map rotation.😁👍
Bf4😝😝
Some players added c4 to the cables.  That was the cause.  Loving the bf4 comments
It's 57 years old, let it die and replace it with a super modern version
wait this was a real thing? i thought this was just a fictional bf4 map
upur mom fell on it
everyone knows some soldiers threw some c4 on the supports
clearly, aliens had something to do with this
All the noobs talking about BF4 when the real players are thinking N64 007. For England James? No, for me.
EA called, they are sueing physic for Copyright reasons.
DU DU DUM DU DU DU DUM
Long Story short. If they would have replaced the first failed cable as soon as it snapped, we still could have this magnificent structure. To bad.
Goldeneye👊
Obviously a guy with some c4
"It's loss was felt across the world" This is the first time I'm hearing of this.
Only in Battlefield
That thing still perfectly fine in Battlefield 4
It collapsed like everything else because Democrats were in charge of it, that telescope might as well have been in Detroit
Wasn't this the only one in the world that the general public could use to see into deep space and we have an asteroid coming Lord knows what else is going on with all the suddenly can't use it shucky darn
Everyone here talking about battlefield when they should be talking about 007
I though I was watching Golden Eye.
Odd that the Communist Chinese telescope was completed and operational ABOUT THE TIME THIS ONE WENT DEAD ISN'T IT?
I wonder how much does the suspended in the middle weight
That cable snapping is amazing view
How do I not remember this happening?
Soo. the clear cause is neglecting maintenance
This thing was in Battlefield 4
I blame james bond
bf4???
James fought Trevelyan there and for stopping Alec, James had to destroy it ... lol
POV: you're here because you though about bf4 rouge transmission
telescopes failing and crashing…buildings collapsing….worldwide infrastructure is coming apart…
Honestly they should of replaced all the original cables when they added the extra ones later. There likely was new technology that would of improved the strength of the cables from when they were originally designed.
What a heartfelt and honest presentation.  RIP Arecibo I, waiting to see its Arecibo Phoenix.
They're welcome to use my radio telescope if they need to. I'm not using it anymore.
💛
That's why I was surprised that it was in Puerto Rico. Why would they build it in hurricane alley
they took it out because they don't want you seeing what is going on in space now.   cabal at work
Neat
I live 2 km north  of observatory  it was being rebuilt as i understand  and saw , the tower  that failed was being repoured ??
My Handy is 57 Years Old and i wait for a Update!
I'm surprised it's not fixed yet
So I now see where the design for the Barj Kalifa came from. The reinforced pilons from this telescope
You are so so so fucking funny.....
Rogue transmission!!! Damn sniper be dead tho lol
I am puertorrican, born in in there... And I can tell the problem was the government, and ...
Not almost 3000 deaths... to be exact it was 4,645 and those that were not found😔
Hey, that's the place where Ned Stark died, interesting 🤔
I've stuck so many frogfoot and q5 fantans in those cables... curse you jdam runs on Delta
I had hard times chasing Alec Trevelyan there lol…
What happened was an asshole enemy team taking out the support wires?
Someone please buy him a "motel picture".....bland & beautiful
So once again, something fails, breaks, springs a leak, doesn't work at all, and there is an engineer standing there saying "not sure what happened, people are investigating, no end in sight". Never an answer. Thanks.
Man this is such an awesome channel. I'm an engineer for a helicopter company these days and I've moreso specialized in logistics and macro type engineering these days supporting our fleet of aircraft and I LOVE what I do, but I have always been such a huge fan of structural and civil engineering so your videos are just scratching an itch for me. Big fan of getting into this level of detail and I just really appreciate your content!! Thank you!
BF4 okay what about Goldeneye? That's what comes to mind for me.
I am thinking about spacecraft Buran
Does anybody remember this telescope being in goldeneye 007 movie and video games?
Great map for sniping
Very informative - thanks!
Arecibo was a triumph of Engineering Management when (at the time) everyone wanted to create such project with the blessings of endless committees.  One man was champion of the site and through will, good construction practices, and using local resources (remember engineers are just as racially prejudice as anyone else) made it happen.  This engineer is a good commentator but has no sensitivity to the social hurtles and effort (to maintain funding) it took to build and later, further construction at this site.  I discussed these problems with the PR site manager on a visit to the site.  The failure was caused by lack of monetary support for maintenance by National Bureau of Science... why are we so worried about saying it?
I'm not sure why you would say "it's loss was felt across the world" the telescope was already decommissioned and scheduled for demolition when it collapsed.
That was some crazy drone footage of the very lines snapping away and the ultimate demise and destruction of that whole entire system.. sucks that it kept deteriorating until final collapse but glad no one was hurt in those insane moments as the heavy metals began to drop the way they did... 2     👍 👍  on the thorough explanation of the telescope/ radio receiver.  I have heard about it here and there but you sir ,did a pretty good job answering any possible questions that popped into my head as I said them aloud.. 😀 cool
Insurance job.
I live in Puerto Rico and seeing this fall is the worst
...they should reBuilt it. Just like we all reBuilt something thats important to us.
Good thing Nasa got all those tremendously overpaid expert scientists that foresaw all of that.  Senator soandso and Congressman soandso can easily find a Billion here and another one there - See, no problem.
All I can think about is the Battlefield game, you could shoot the cables and it would fall
Amazing footage at 14:00
Time to build something with NEW TECH , Something never done and make China's made in CHINA JUNK JUST WHAT IT IS JUNK EXCEPT WHAT TECH THEY ALL READY STOLEN !
Battlefield 4's action takes place in 2020. It predicted that
13:08 why is there a new looking string in the left corner???
I thought James Bond destroyed this years ago
Idk why I barely heard about this collapse. I feel like the media should have covered it more. It probably got buried by the insane election new of that month.
Born and raised in Puerto Rico, not once have I visited the telescope lol, and I live 15 minutes away from Arecibo over in Manatí.😂🤦🏻‍♂️
Kinda hurts seeing it collapse, it reminds me of that scene in James bond
Bf4 like
First I’ve heard this happened. Way to go main stream media you suck!
I would be curious to kwow the weight of the instruments compare to the biggest aerial tramway full of passengers? The only difference is that with an aerial tramway, the load is not constant 24/7/365  like with the Arecibo Telescope.
No other problem to point but the cut off in the budget in the arecibo telescope mean that government corruption...The telescope never fail ir meet in a disaster like that in the past but as the time pass and new people take over it fall like a sand castle.
that was so popular in battlefield they made it in real life for scientists to use
I bet that was expensive
That's a cover story. The real reason why it collapsed was because James Bond destroyed it while fighting Alec Trevelyan to stop the goldeneye Satellite from activating over London.
Me and my wife visited here in 2009 very beautiful. Glad I got to see it.
It died because the pr’s are lazy and cant fix a damn thing.
ALWAYSGONE LIVE 📺! Is this where they shot that one scene from the movie 007 wit Peirce Bronson??
This was a map feature
Sew gal dang InTeReStiNg!  Thank you.
Он случайно обнаружил инопланетный сигнал
I just learned about this today. I love how this pops up on my feed with BF videos lol
Turns out it collapses due to damage sustained by Bond, James Bond
Sounds like bureaucracy killed the observatory
The irl battlefield vibes
On Google maps the telescope is fully intact
I enjoyed the video and the insight
I’m from Puerto Rico and when that observatory fall that fell like a earthquake and the sound was like a spaceship crashing
Blame 007
Just Cause 2 😁
The need to fix it and bring her back to life
Jimmy sighed a huge sigh of relief after he was unable to work on the telescope the day it colapsed given he consumed a rather large helping of the three bean soup the previous night
Thanks Practical Engineering for making this whole cover up video so no one will truley know it was me who made it collapse the first week of Battlefield 4's launch
Thanks for the lesson, professor. This felt like a day back in college.
What would have been the purpose of loosening the backstays to let the towers lean inward? (10:55)
Shame it's gone , then all thing fail and fall to ruin with time. Maintenance was maybe designed around the Boeing plan ...which must have a few flaws,  ie: 737 .
The aliens got tired of their saucer warranty calls so they destroyed it
The fact that from my school i had 3 field trips to this place and then this happened is very surprising.
It broke.
VERY BAD MAINTENANCE.LIKE ALL FWY BRIDGE IN USA.70 YEAR OLD ESTRUCTURE NEEDS REPLACE AFTER SO MANY YEARS TO EXPOSE TO ELEMENTEN .RAIN .SNOW.WING.DUST OXIDATION.
I played this in Goldeneye once.
James Bond happened
Battlefield 4 players belike: jo watch this dude!
What was the original expected lifespan of the telescope.  If it was designed for 50 years, then it performed its mission.
Someone took golden eye too seriously.
As someone who grew up in PR and loved astronomy, i went at least 2 times a year one with school and another with my uncle who is a astronomer. I loved going there and learning and observing this huge piece of engineering. I haven’t visited the observatory since i left Puerto Rico around 2013-2014 and when i saw the news of the observatory falling i was beyond saddened. I really hope they can either rebuild it
In 50 s they was able to build something like this without computers. in moderdays nobody can even fix it. So where are our modern technologies? Hm?
Today was the first time I heard about this
Too bad there wasn't room in the media for news like this when it happened. Never heard about this till now.
Extra loads were place on the unit without enough consideration of its age, thats why it failed.    Thats the heart of the decline.
Why did it collapse? For England, James?
Kinda crazy how it happened in BF4 before it happened irl. Real life imitates art.
My stupid self thought it was bf4 I didn't realize it was a real place
Just the fact how LUCKY they caught that on video!!
James Bodn finally got Alec here.
Imagine they able to demolish it , for sure that can recover the essential part to be sold or to be build back in the same or different area.
Clicked on this thinking it was BF4
Gravity always wins
Wow great overview sir
Pierce brosnan???
Alec got what he deserved....for England...
Second law of thermodynamics...
Goldeneye lol
Factor of safety. It’ll get ya
who cares it was a huge waste of money anyways
Tactical Engineering
Thanks for the clear and well presented explanation!
sad!
Another icon from my childhood gone. At least it was forever immortalised in 007's Moonraker!!! Lol.
It was all about sabotage and politics.
Damn you Bond!
Let’s be honest. Most of us clicked because of bf4
It would have been nice to have the ability to lower the platform down.  The reason is to lower the potential energy the equipment had at the time of collapse.
Nah it was Battlefield fans wanting to see an actual levolution happen in real life.
GoldenEye movie already made it collapse and kill trevalyn
The US National Science Foundation having too much money to play with ?
Lack of maintenance ?? No ??
"Thing was a deathtrap"  - S. Bean.
I guess the world is safe now that the goldeneye satellite is no more
i live 3 hours away from it and i can assure you that the money that wasn't used to prevent this were well managed and not spent on armored cadillacs and tourism projects
Is that the same one the filmed James bond Golden Eye
Yeah no bud, somebody had to have damaged the lines with c4 or a tank and cause the platform to fail, thats the issue :)
Excellent content and presentation! Keep up the good work! I've enjoyed many of your videos and look forward to enjoying more. Thank you!
Who lost their job lmfao
battle field 4 map irl
Bond took out the Goldeneye!
Forgive me if in this day and age of "everything is a lie" I dont believe this thing just fell! 🤷‍♂️
A tower in Shanghai is going to collapse soon..................
Hope they clear that mess up and return the land as was 💪 treating the planet as a dump
What happened is Sean Bean fell to his demise at the hands of 007, not for England but for himself
Everytime I was in PR Arecibo was one of my many stops.  I am stunned, an attraction similar to El Junque and I hope NSF installs something else🤟🏿
They let it die then a couple years later the government confirms reports of UFO's coincidence?
That used in the James Bond movie Goldeneye.
Is this where goldeneye was filmied
The devs make it like that
It has to have been Bond!
I had no idea this was abandoned
I came here to look for Battlefield 4 references. I'm not disappinted but holy hell there is a lot of them.
It's interesting how elevators fall if they have a factor of safety of 11? :)
Everything is falling apart in Puerto Rico
Cable fatigue :).
All I know is James Bond threw trevilian off that in the mid-90s
Garage doors require a cable safety factor of no less than 5:1.
I remember my school trip to Arecibo. Probably what got me so interested in science and engineering at a young age. Will miss it...
An insurance job if ever I saw one!
Nah this is wrong it collapsed because of the c4 planted on the supporting tower and because of all the rockets and tank shells fired at it
So, now we don’t know when asteroids are going to hit and Bruce Willis is out of a job.  The fact that there was a drone up there at the exact time the first cables failed is very interesting and suspicious.
People taking bf4 to seriously
How come this is the first time I'm hearing/seeing this disaster? What news outlet should I have been paying attention too?
who destroyed the cables allready?
I didn't even know this thing fell nor did I know it existed til I saw this video sucks it fell apart
Bond movie was made there.
Silly engineers with your calculations and facts. A simple reading of ancient texts and looking at the ground will tell you it's ALIENS!!! - Tsoulslicious
Golden Eye movie and video game are the only reasons I watched the whole thing.
For England James?
it’s called levolution bro
Fckin' dude camping on top of it, had to c4 it down guys
Uh? I want to know how it collapsed. Not a history lesson on how it works. And China surpassed it! Huh I smell crap. Alas I do not have the patience to listen to your meanderings.
Wasn't this also in a James Bond movie? Sad to see it collapse.
Why? Age,neglect,and corrosion.
Some idiot in his tank was like LEVOLUTION!!!
I thought is was a giant wok
RIP to the snipers and ground infantry that lost their life during that collapse on both sides. No soldier deserves to go out that way
Will they rebuild?
Wasn't it because of James Bond?
The Soviets built a really big telescope array also that was never completed that thing probably would’ve got a lot of crazy images and information too
Bunch of c4
There no support structure in the middle
It was taken down by the Vatican
I didn't read through the comments to see if anyone else mentioned it before me. But the first time I ever saw Arecibo, was in GoldenEye. And, in Contact. I've been to the National Radio Astronomy Observatory, and the Very Large Array, while in New Mexico.
Didn’t that happen years ago
This was documented on X-files.
Damn these levolutions getting too realistic
cut the paint off your windows!! lol but good very thorough video
Also at the op of the towers I see leggo bricks
The Chinese government did it....
That drone footage is amazing and terrifying. The energy involved in the snap is clear and its destructive potential for anything in its way must've been unheard of. It's fascinating, and I imagine extremely helpful, to have such clear footage of such a catastrophic failure.
Bf4 is what happened
James Bond
I just want them to put a giant plaque near this thing that say "No! Aliens did NOT build this" in like three languages.  Because you know damn well that a thousand years from now some guy with crazy hair is gonna be on the TV saying "I'm not saying it was aliens that built this, but it was aliens that built this".
Idiots did not mauntain
Stop
This is the Arecibo video I've been wanting to watch for the last 8 months.
Honestly for a structure like that where weight shouldn't be that much of a problem, they could definitely have a redundancy factor of 6. Probably didn't have enough funding for that.
Every Bf4 player be like. I've seen some like that when I was young.
@practical engineering Is it possible the failure of the first cable allowed enough stress on the remaining cables from that tower to possibly compromise or degrade their strength. The dropping of almost a meter would have great kinetic energy for a single tower to absorb. There was no mention of the cables oscillating in wind conditions, this could potentially also create a stressed point at the tower, the joint being a constant and a cable flexing back and forth causing fatigue. Not an engineer but this is my 2 cents.
There is only one reason why I was recommended this and that's because of Battlefield.
Battlefield getting to realistic now
Best narrator with complete details about this incident. This Satellite was  impresive good while was standing visitors teachers students from all over got the advantage to benefit study with it. If not going to be repair in a safe proper way them is time to let go. Sad was one of it's kind while a lasted.
GoldenEye will never be the same ..
It blew up at the end of Goldeneye 007
Well done 007
Ain’t nobody in PR going to visit the telescope lmao 2:30
Jodie Foster used to work there before she went into a new machine and made first contact with Aliens.. the first one of them broke as well but it was sabotaged by a nut job.  Np.
Lmao only engineers would say "it's failing? Get the drones and gopros! This is great data"
What a load of crap, they could have saved it easily. Skycrane to hold the weight, detach cables, fly that thing elsewhere, reboot the whole suspension. They never wanted to save it.
BF4 flashbacks 🤣
15:27 perfect summary of how structural design works
I wonder what would have changed if they used sheathed strands instead?
My pp don’t work
I think The Smoker Man is behind this. Mulder and Scully must investigate
Them god damn battlefield players
James Bond 😜 thank God that anyone is hurt, hope they rebuild it
rouge transmission
The support characters on battlefield is what happened.
It all boils down to maintenance and things not being covered let's hope this doesn't happen to the Golden Gate Bridge money is being filtered away for maintenance the Golden Gate Bridge is probably going to be next as its major lucky non-maintenance once salt corrosion sets in very hard to reverse and cost a lot more money
"The Arecibo Telescope is very important." Also "Sorry, no funding for maintenance."
poor thing suffered
Damn tanks
This is what happens when you have said device be built with no limitations and proper funding for initial production. But lacks the necessary support to be maintained. This is due to it being built in butt fuck nowhere. And thus concludes my professional talk 🙏
I dont know how this showed up for me to watch..but I'm glad it did
Battlefield 4, all im saying.
BS! It was MI6!
nahhhh   ,. THE CCP did it so they could be the ones with the biggest ,. thats just how they do
Telescope: *collapses*  Those who seen Goldeneye: "I've seen this one, I've seen this one!! It's a classic"   In a seriousness, I hope they may rebuild a better and more sturdier one, 10x better then the old one and prepare for something like this happening again
Hope they can replace the telescope with the best avaialable today.
OH
It was in iconic film and game GoldenEye big part of my childhood was sad when I heard it fell
Did Bond kill 006?
What killed it? Cutting the budget and saving on inspections
But how many sniper kills did you get before that happened is the real question
😥😥😥
puerto rico, just sayin
I recognize this place from Rouge Transmission from Battlefield 4. Shame it got destroyed..
How come this is the first time I'm hearing of this? I live on the island for crying out loud!
I'm surprised he didn't mention this as a film location for James Bond?  I took one look and was like...HEY!! James Bond destroyed this thing!!
57 years is a pretty good run for a purely scientific instrument
The idea of collapsible telescopes has been around for centuries, radio telescopes are just catching up.
This old techie geek found this to be possibly the most enjoyable episode of those I have watched on your channel - thank you! Fascinating!!!
60 years with just cables yeah it can hold a little more it even help a nobel prize and none oh lets build a struckture capable than trowing some rope around it and hope it holds
We used to build structures like this. Now they collapse, never to be replaced. If you don’t understand what is happening in relation to past civilizations…you deserve what is coming.
very well video as usual!
Goldeneye that's what
What a waste of resources.
As a Puertorrican who lives in the island, never in my 19 years of life have got to experience seeing the telescope. When the news hit when it collapsed I got really upset that such a monument collapsed. The very well known Puertorrican meteorologist Ada Monzó even cried live when she got informed about the collapse. Puerto Rico lost one of it's wonders that day.
golden eye moment
Maybe next time they should try big stainless or Alloy chain instead of cable
2.5 feet about a meter? …nope
All i think of is the Battlefield 4 map...
It’s old and I imagine no one got up there and rubbed grease on cables every year?
Might be the Zink holding in the cables on the ties has corroded to far and let go of the cable.  Zink is used as sacrificial anodes on boats for a reason, it corrodes instead of the steel rusting and have to be changed regularly.
Very cool and nicely thorough given that the final data still is not complete.  Considering many public buildings with similar safety factors only last 30-50 years I think that, having lasted 57 years through weather and corrosive conditions that specifically stress the materials available during its construction, it performed admirably far longer than even original designers might have estimated.  Sadly, when government becomes to patron of science, it always sends bean counters in before either engineers or scientists and the results are predictable.
Oh my God they made levolution to real life!
😂😂😂🤣
i honestly wonder who  made the cables ..........the lowest bid goes too.......yup
Everyone knows some guy in a SU25 shot the cables off
You could see Uranus with that thing.
I shot the supports with the mobile anti air gun. With rockets!
This is proof amrica is not #1!
Wasn't one of the James Bond films included this
Very informative, it’s too bad this happened, I use to work on communication towers and most of the guyed towers had galvanized guy cables, you didn’t mention this but I did catch the part about the air being blown into the cables to help keep moisture out but with no jacket I too don’t see how that would work, I would not be surprised if the salt in the air was contributing factor in the failure of the cables, I know it will be a lot of money to rebuild, but if the research Warrants the cost,   I hope you rebuild
I hear they plan to build a new one... China also has one similar to this one. :)
Great episode!!!
How about using a drone to focus and redirect the signal by Bluetooth to any phone that pays. Each scientist could stay home and control the drone for however long they pay for. A drone maybe too unstable or it could be a flexible coupler able to focus any part of the sky.  A geosynchronous satellite could focus light  and send it to Earth. Imagine the two lenses of a telescope. One in orbit and the other on the ground. If you can change the satellite position it could hang out over any University or research center. Have a portable objective lens that can be sent to whoever needs it. Focused radio waves don't need a dark tube like light telescopes and once focused in orbit the objective lens can be much smaller.
Sabatoge
Terribly unfortunate that such a majestic piece of equipment met such a sad demise.
What a sad demise of an iconic structure.
Aliens finally got fed up. "Stop trying to contact us!"
I remember destroying that or seeing it fall 100000 times
My mom was in charge of its construction (when she worked at Cornell university) I have a large picture on my wall and many photos when this was being updated late 60’s early 70’s
You know... That was because of James Bond.
Since it’s now down now we can reabuild it but make it better and safer
Just like Battlefield
a J20 probably accidentally flew into it without seeing the wires whilst trying to strafe an abrams
For England James?
James Bond did it. I saw it in the movie!
Since the building is demolished they should clean up the mess and let nature take it back
As a scientist and puertorican Im feel sad about this. To many factors need to take in consideration, scientific, environvental,  political, economical and social; to explain why this happen.
I remember this from a James bond movie
Thought this was bf4 for a second
Campers paradise
Battlefield 2042 levelution looking nice
It only collapsed because of some pesky snipers blew the cables with C4's
Doesn't look like this is getting rebuilt anytime soon
As I was watching this, one thing came to mind about the tension of the cables. It was the soda can effect. The cables had been bearing the original weight if the satellite reciever for the longest time and when the dome was added, it added more stress to the cables, weakening them even further so the tension in the cables was not recalibrated to additional weight nor were they replaced to accommodate it.  So if you step on an the empty can, it won't crush but as soon as you put a straw in your hand, step on, it gets crushed.  This is what I believe happened. In the end, it took longer for failure to occur after the extra weight was added.
Am I the only one that just realized that the bf4 map on was based on this?
battlefield 4 players looking rn
I like your voice
Battlefield 4
Several​ investigation​s are still underway... Yea... Shes fucked.
What happened to it was that too many people were playing on that map when bf4 was launched
aah.. probably just one of Rico's doing.
Fact, taken down due ro approaching alien armada, fact
It was a sign that 2021 would be a shi..ty year
Wasn’t that in a James Bond movie?
BF4 Levelution
Oh look, it's that Battlefield 4 map
No, James. For me.
I thought James Bond destroyed it.
Goldeneye people are very aware of this place  "For england james?" "No, for me"
insurance fraude??
GoldenEye.
One way to fix it would've been to use lightweight maritime or climbing rope, anchor it on one end and use helicopters to attach it to the other end where the steel rope broke, it would've taken many helicopter trips to it could've been done in Half a day..... But engineers lack imagination sometimes....
There's another bigger radio telescope that just started working in China
Nsf knew about it and didnt want nothing more to do with it. They got what they wanted and just left everything to the birds without caring about such an amazing structure. From what understand most of those sprocket s last about 50 years at most most are changed every 20 or so years depending on load and use. One of the newer ones expired after those markers so there was clearly a defect there and the older wires were reaching a critical point in their life so ya see why they abandoned the project came to the same conclusion that there be no safe way without doing major rework and redesign essential starting over.
F
I remember learning about this facility in school back in the 90s. It was the largest and most advanced telescope at the time and I always wanted a chance to go see it in person. Hopefully now they'll replace it with something as impressive now as that was at the time and I can visit that instead.
bruh ik battlefield 4 when i see it
So long, Battlefield Map.
It saddens me deeply to see such a marvel of science lost. I hope there are plans to rebuild it.
Hey, i did that using a couple RPGS
I’ve heard that one of the applications of the device was SETI, so that’s no loss.
Excellent explanation! Well done 👍
Battlefield 4 gang
On regards to the deaths by Hurricane Maria in Puerto Rico: A research team led by scientists at the Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health concluded that between Sept. 20 and Dec. 31, 2017, there were 4,645 "excess deaths" — that is, deaths that would not have occurred if the island hadn't been plunged into a prolonged disaster following the devastating storm.
Man this is so depressing :( RIP Arecibo
Ah yes I too played BF4
Florida? Management? Didn’t know those two words could exist in proximity of each other without one of them exploding.
I have not watched the video yet but here is what I think. It was destoryed to prevent it from finding something. Now I will watch the video.
Yet somehow the Brooklyn Bridge has survived for almost 150 years? Skimped maintenance
Yet somehow the Brooklyn Bridge has survived for almost 150 years? Skimped maintenance
Byebye Golden Eye :'(
All I think of is BF4
Bf4 came to life
Computer modeling isn't (or wasn't?) that trustworthy: some time ago I read an article about (Airbus?) airplanes that were designed with the use of CM, which turned out to lack the necessary strength and had to be modified to make them flying safely.
I’ve visited the observatory many times, as a Puerto Rican I’m glad that you cover this topic. It didn’t make much news but  it surely was a great loss for the island and science community alike! Thank you! 🇵🇷
It was featured in the movie "Contact" and gave the world a better look. It's sad that it is beyond repair but as you said, I hope the site can be utilized to build an even more capable and unique instrument.
I dont understand how they thougt leaving this cables in there for 60 years would be a good idea… i dont think it is surprising the structure failed when you think of this
Dude, nobody died
Seems to me, we need a cable drone, to inspect cables? Like they have those 'pigs' in pipelines? yeah?
Grady is OUR Engineer, plz dont mix him up in the whole stinking OMG IDKT BS that is transmitted from the modern ...
I don’t know what this is about but I’m interested
Battlefield players: "Hey ive seen this one, ive seen this one its a classic!"
Mr Trevelyan asked "for England James?" Mr bond replied "no.. for me"
Some asshole in an Abrams shot the cables with HE shells because he couldn’t shoot me off of the top
It was turned into a Battlefield 4 map
Bf4 levolution
What really happened is someone messed up the BF4 Easter egg
They should of junked it after the war. Build one made for the right reason. And if you dont have the money to do it right then dont do it. The whole operation is s joke. We aint going to mars cant even build a telescope.lmao 50 year old rusty cable. Hmmm i wonder why it broke says the engineer.lmao
its almost as if a structure with no routine maintenance whatsoever is destined to crumble
im just here for BF4 comments
006: _for england, james?_ 007: _no, for me._
So this was not made to contact aliens?
I used to love driving around in this thing with the fastest cars, getting sick air-time...  ...wait, that's Just Cause 2 I'm thinking about.
I remember going there years ago, being someone that's afraid of heights, not a fun place to be in. Regardless of me being afraid, it was a mega experience. Even scarier in person lol
For England James?
I’ve seen it fall hundreds of time. Just give me some C4
Everyone knows some dude with three c4’s took it down.
It makes my peepee hurt.
Battlefield 4
I know this from battle field 4 xD
Can anyone do a sag survey on my wife?
Battle field 4 players: Somebody just triggered the animation
THE ELEMENT SHOULD BE REMOVABLE AND INSPECTABLE  IN THE MEAN TIME FILL IT WITH WATER LET THE KIDDIES HAVE A SWIMING POOL.
This is an amazing and very informative video problem is I've lived 21 years in PR and I've never heard of this place before why??? Because school trips aren't a thing in PR unless you live in the rich cities which are the ones close to the capital lastly if the engineers that made this where puertoricans at the time this structure wouldn't have lasted as long as they wanted it to and if it was built by them as well worse situation but if Americans came and built this they did a terrible job I'm glad the engineers did not decide to build more on this structure since it would have meant the death of some workers
That looks like a battlefield 4 map
Good call engineers, got that absolutely right. Shame but it clearly had come to an end.
thing is they never considered dynamic loading  hell at work our cranes are tested to 125 percent load but as well the cables we have a 4 fall setup on our 10 ton cranes well each of those falls are rated for more then our crane can lift from what i remember the crane tech said 6 to one safety factor on the cables and i think the chains we use run a similar safety factor but  i cant remember on that fact
I immediately recognized this structure from the movie Goldeneye, I never knew what it was until now very cool and very saddening that it is gone now
Damn, just watched Contact a few days ago, can't believe I never found out about this up until now, what a devastating and expensive thing to happen to something the entire scientific community does so much research with. 😲
Great job 👏 go watch yeonmi park to save North Korea that need to be freedo
Was Sean Bean killed again when it collapsed is the question we all want answered.
You're a little late to the party
"These steel cables were installed 70 years ago, they are perfectly safe."  As someone who worked in preventative maintenance for a decade, I don't trust anything that hasn't had a major inspection or overhaul after X amount of hours, let alone DECADES.
A sad day when this collapsed.
007 Goldeneye👍👍
Watching that reminded me of 'Goldeneye'.
Battlefield 4
You think bf4 rogue transmission was cool. Wait till you see it in real life😎
See what had happened was, the telescope realized the earth was not a globe
So paint maintenance to the cables was the problem  Why didn't these idiots use stainless steel cables and secure points, near the ocean? What do I know? BTW all non- redundant bridges are considered temporary and a 60-year duty cycle.
Hey, that's a battlefield 4 map
The last thing the telescope discovered was gravity.
Jeff Bezos, please build us a new Arecibo Telescope.
8
When I was a teen in the mid-late 2960s, my family lived in Puerto Rico. One Sunday after church, my father had the great idea of driving to Arecibo to see the telescope. It was a blistering hot tropical day and we were in a car with no air conditioning that felt like an oven. Marques says the drive should take about an hour but, whether from suffering or not, my memory was that it took many hours. When we got there, nothing was open because it was Sunday, and there was nothing to do but stair down at this valley covered with metallic netting.  As a teen who had no interest in space exploration at the time, it was one of my least enjoyable experiences of the time. It's just a very bad memory for me. Of course, that was over 50 years ago and I would love to visit today, albeit in an air conditioned car. But just seeing or hearing the word "Arecibo" can make me shudder sometimes.  It was
Well what was the point of it unless they were pretty sure they were going to hear aliens a shame it went to waste.
*Battlefield 4 theme intensified*
had been some cable-moves (radial correction) counted by the years (50 x 365 / and one radial arc - underbelly ) - you will say it had been just a few millimeter / think about ribbon cable || at the tripod could be mounted a righting arm (up above)- like a Optical axis joystick to add View camera ability of the tie-down cable reducing further apportion given by origin strain / may have a wind load || adjustable (near) parabolic shape - to reflect into the gregorian-dome add a new tie-down system ( using radial-arc ) tied cable-system - may with perpendicular counterweight || at 8:16 what the octothorpe is for? a romp? it is NOT in shape / angle & "Fresnel" may have effect. get an idea - Fresnel  || one very special feature could be a Nitrogen cooled whole array - some higher fence presupposed || if i would build an offshore sea-botany i would take a gregorian-dome like idea to design and construct. ocean surface is in motion. think both   -   electro-optical to botany-optical - bathed
The site had been the "pink Elephant" in the room for years.  When NIS took over they realized it was going to be EXPENSIVE to keep open.  I hope they can reopen it!
I used this as a stunt track in Just Cause 2.
only safety factor times 2!? sounds really weak in todays standards. A regular lifting strap in nylon is x7
Holy @#$%!!!! No joke, I was there back in August!!! I had a tasty empanada in the snack bar! Glad I got to live out my Golden Eye dream!
I remember doing work on that telescope in 1999 with NMCB 4.
Looked like hell before it fell, clearly not taken care of at all.
For England, James?
I remember in bf4 destroying a telescope that was just like this one if it wasn’t supposed to be the same one….now I feel guilty for all the times I triggered that levellotion
I probably won’t miss it
The James Bond movie set? Lol
Rip Sean Bean
In my head i see it as a problem of too many parallel cables. The real strength of an ordinary rope, organic, synthetic or metal, is the twisted (or braided) nature of its individual strands and fibers. Although technically this reduces their max strength a little, it makes them able to share the load much more evenly as a bigger structure. If you have a rope consisting of 20 separate fibers it will be strong, but if they were taken apart and placed in a parallel line the rope will fail extremely fast, because of the small differences in length and strength, and also minor damage. It would start a chain event similar to the footage of the cables snapping until every fiber is torn. Of course this was probably not the real reason for the failure as the engineers knew what they were building, and adjusted everything carefully to be balanced.  But maybe after 60 years of use that balance was skewed, and cables at only 60 percent (ideally) loading were over as much as 200 percent?
Hey look goldeneye
I think it's a testament to the engineers that designed this that it survived two rope failures after 70 years, even if only for a few months. I would have expected immediate, catastrophic failure when that first rope broke.
“What really happened?” Simple, a Recon player over the course of 10 minutes placed and demolished each of the supporting wires using his C4
Oh hey look, Goldeneye and BF4
Battlefield 4: rouge transmission is based on this telescope
Battlefield 4: *releases in 2015* Battlefield 4: *has a ma within which the Arecibo Telescope collapses* Battlefield 4: *Is set in 2020* 2020: interesting idea! let's make it happen!
battlefield 4 vibes
Im not watching a 17 minute video, someone reply and tell me what happened please
Me clean with an engineering degree
Battlefield 4!!!
Nice vid. I just remember this from Goldeneye and didnt know what it did
My mind went straight to Goldeneye.
Bf4 levalution
What really happened at the Arecibo Telescope?        We don't know yet.
Who saw this telescope for the first time on Reading Rainbow? 🌈
CUR - TEE - NUH - REE is a type of curve.  It comes from the Latin catena (Cur-Tee-Nuh) meaning chain.  A cat-en-ary might be where you breed cats.
So what happened in the movie Goldeneye was actually a premonition of this event!?
Bf4 roque transmission
This is all wrong.  What really happened was that it got destroyed in the process of bringing down 006 and stopping the goldeneye.
So it was basically a series of random events lead to the collapse after it was deemed unsafe to be repaired.
I be fucking this place up in raids every week in ghost recon breakpoint 😂
Rogue transmission was a pretty good map ngl
Battlefield 4 Rogue Transmission
Oh no golden eye
Not an engineer, but couldn't the use of zinc in the spelter sockets lead to degradation of the cable and binders due to the humid environment effectively turning it into a zinc cell?
is this the cradle from james bond golden eye
Ayyeee Battlefield 4
A drone that flys 30 mins or less, just happened to be there at the right time.
FAST
Age killed the telescope. Cables that carry vast loads must be periodically adjusted for tension, to assure they are equally stretching.
Insert BF4 comment here
They made Rogue Transmission from Battlefield 4 in real life
I'm so glad no one was hurt amazing footage of this catastrophic event
I remember the day that happened. Was very sad
Sorry, do you give credit to the research you use ?  It seems like you are using others work
Is Puerto Rico part of America? Just curious..
Another great video Grady! Thank you. Absolutely impressed with the amount research that goes into these! Great stuff...  😎 😎
The were building a bridge but not taking into account that factor that many engineers forget. Maintenance. There should have been a method to lower the suspended portion to allow for cable replacement and repair.
They snoic microwave
Bro, Battlefield 4 predicted it
🤔🧐😭
1:44 that 4th one from the left is there just to piss off OCD people
too bad it's not gonna catch any more Rouge Transmissions from space, sad to see it in real life, yet it makes me wonder how accurate Battlefield 4's "levelution" was to this demolition
So that's where the bf4 map comes from
Beauté
That facility was a waste of money anyway. They weren’t talking to anyone or anything. Space isn’t real anyway.
Is this the same from the movie cable guy? Looks so much like it
I only knew about this from watching James Bond
Seeing giant scientific instruments fail made me fear the LHC failing
Its a shame to see this go like this! Will they build another?
RIP
Bond finally destroyed Goldeneye.
Battlefield 4 levolution
I'll tell you what happened.  A guy got into a fight with his cable guy
This was really informative. Had no idea this is how it happened. The news reports made it seem like it was all a surprise. Thanks for walking through this so well. Appreciate it. Likely the DoD when they made it didn't think it'd be around 60 years and didn't build it with that in mind.
I didn't know there was a second one of these on the planet. James Bond took out the other one in Cuba back in the 90's while saving the plant from a Soviet cold war weapon code-named Goldeneye
hey thats on my favorite bf4 map
Naw probably just china
Battlefield 4, is that you?
Amazing.
Nibiru...is the reason it failed!
I mean i was a terrible thing that it failed, but it also means we can use the information we have gathered from it and work to build a new better more reliable one. The fact that no one was hurt was the best outcome of this.
An amteur with an untrained eye could see this isn't the way to do it but those engineers knew better.
James Bond was waaay ahead in destroying this
another thing people dont usualy know is radio telescop resoution  is actually 1x1 pixel. so if you want a picture of radio sky, you have to move telescope.
Arecibo 2. Let’s go.
They use cables thats why
I am glad I had gotten to show my family Arecibo before Irma hit.  It was always one of my favourite spots to visit when we went to Puerto Rico to see family.    My kids loved it, and my wife thought it was cool.  I always thought it was awesome that James Bond used it for Golden Eye.
Its just levolution
In Puerto Rico losing cellphone signals are an everyday problem at different elevations, so maybe a G5 satellite can take its place...
Leaked bf2042 footage
My company is one of the companies hired to clean it up. D.H. Griffin
I bet they had the BEST Satellite TV Reception in the World !
I was horribly saddened when I found out this happened... Such a shame. Hopefully, they can make another one (with more advanced technology).
Battlefield 4 caused it to collapse
Make stupid designs , get horrific results. Eh Florida?
For England James...for England.
TOTAL NEGLECT, NOTHING ELSE, anybody says different, they are full of it.
I like how all you have to do is watch the first second and you can see what happens, it was a good cut but still a little to early for clickbait.
Humans want to be god and know everything,thats why it fell.pretending god and try to change science.
Thats from 007, you kids nowadays wouldnt know
Just a result of the collapse of the American empire and the rise of China
The beauty not the structure which collapsed, but the HD video of collapse process recorded.   21st century...
Should have hired some Russians to do the work. But firemen in Germany also watch how a house burns down rather then do their work.
Material stress. How long has the object been operating without ANY maintenance? Has cables been EVER replaced?
Entropy & Decay resulted in cascade failure of the remaining aged cables after the storms. Looks like a cable replacement plan was needed if need & capital was still in place for the device otherwise it was left to rot? Beying high cost maintenance with redundant functional need. (Basically it was old & neglected)
Already seen this years ago on battlefield 4
A great cause for some crowd sourcing funds to restore it.
Wait this looks like the battlefield map event
It fell apart, because half of the enemy team was camping on it
Yeah I know all about this. I played Battlefield 4
Great video
Must have been a rogue transmission
Looks like it was ready for the Battlefield trailer. BF4 Rogue Transmission pt. 2?
Wasn't that the one that proved the big bang theory wrong?
The tip of the antenna landed right in 006 mouth
they should recycle all the brass casings from the battles over the years, be worth millions
That drone footage should be part of horror movie night at every engineering school on the planet.
Like my knee and finger joints, it got old and suffered from arthritis.
constructive criticism: cover that window behind you so your background isn't so bright, currently its pretty blinding.
Thanks Grady for another fascinating and revelatory report.
you had a moving unstable structure :: Every storm, even operating it, caused metal fatigue at the stress point, the weak point in the design, which a more solid tripod would solve.
The fraying cables were known months in advance.  I read on the news "it's going to fail!"  I wondered "why don't they repair the cables?"  It could have been done for under $1 million for sure, it was a simple job of replacing them one at a time.  All the stuff about the catenary modeling is nice, but an adjustable mount could have been used and then everything gradually tightened up too.  There were surely several ways to do it, if we had only DONE IT.  But we let it go, which was intentional self-destruction.  Not the first time we've done that in recent history.  I guess China was supposed to have the only good one, so we "stepped aside".  Yes I did understand the video.  I am an engineer.
The engineers clearly weren't Battlefield 4 players 😏
Thanks!
Great video and explanation of things- thank you.
I really wish youtube had a filter to remove all the battlefield 4 references in the comments.
**The Arecibo telescope collapses** The whole world: Oh no... Battlefield 4 players: _First time?_
It is already incredible that such a futuristic design built almost 60 years ago without today's knowledge and computing power has held till now and was still in usage few years ago.
3:05 The pulsars, the most controversial Nobel prize winning discovery.
Did they try duct tape?
my first reaction whenever I see that thing falling is just to burst out laughing.  you allegedly have a bunch of professionals constantly maintaining this thing and it collapsed due to years and years of neglect and the structure not being anywhere near as strong as everyone thought it was... because math is hard? that automatically makes it a hilarious example of hubris instead of any measure of a tragedy.  to be clear, if anyone was injured in the collapse I would feel differently.
I hope the national budget includes funds to replace the capacity of Arecibo to detect/track earth crossing astroids!
For England james?  No for me  Ahhhhhhhhhh
Skip 14 min. and start to watch.
Should have been kept up for the symbolism. Such a shame. I still love the movie Contact and the X-Files episode it was in. I hope Hubble has more respect when it goes. This hurt but Hubble will make me cry.
F
Gravity waves? Come on! Newton never explained how it worked or what it was. His new pseudo cosmology that simply plagiarized and rebranded the Impedaclese formulations of Love for attraction and Strife for repulsion should have been exposed rather than promoted.
That drone couldn't have been in a better place. This footage reveals so much of a catastrophic event you could ever want.....The support towers move so much too.
They didn't use enough duct tape!
With modern technology the weight of the suspended part can be reduced if such a thing is constructed again. If 'such a thing' is on the moon there will be no corrosion or weght problem!
In other words, you scientists / engineers don't always know what you're doing
God damn it looks like someone got a tank and got salty at the snipers on top of the telescope
no james bond or cable guy footage? :(
just watched the x-files s02e01 when they go here, what a place.
we all know it was rico who did it
57 years is a good innings for that telescope, you need to remember when it was "rushed" to track incoming nukes longevity wasnt on the cards.
Goldeneye 64, mission: Cradle
Looking for bf4 comments lol
The engineers being cautious here should be recognized, they saved lives.
I tell you what I think. I think it's great that you make these videos. They're educational and entertaining. And you're a likeable person I like to listen to. Thank you, Grady!
Hollywood : It's espionage mission from aliens to sabotage human invasion on their home planet  Me : take my money
Rouge transmission
I never heard of this things so must’ve not been that important
I was there in 1985, but knew of Arecibo since I was still in Cuba. I was shocked when I watched the news of the collapse. In fact, I spoke years prior of what Irma could have done to the structure.  Thank you for the great presentation and homage to Arecibo, you did a phenomenal job.
i went  there  when i was somewhere between grade 8 or 10. but we know the reason was poor management. barely any maintenance done and budget cuts every other year when it collapsed, i felt the tremor in my house.
It is truly amazing how long this structure lasted being built in an era long before computer modeling. It without a doubt was an engineering wonder that out lasted many predictions as to it's usefulness and durability. Yes it failed but it's simply amazing how long it stood IMHO...
Battlefield 4 did first
We all saw what happened.  James Bond, 007, chased the bad guys here and dropped  the central structure on Sean Bean.   Sad but true.
Cradle. Fuck yea.
I blame the Telescope's collapse on Island politics and other things, not on funding. Cause money is not a problem in an Island like Puerto Rico. The problem is money getting where it's suppose to go. Like funding the Arecibo Telescope project to keep it from collapsing. But it's gone now and I don't see another one being constructed for a long time.
I remember being a kid and amazed at Aracebo. 😞
this thing is only known bcs of bf4 lol
wrong it was Bond, James Bond.
I use to see this thing on my aerial survey days over Puerto Rico ....always intrigued on what exactly it was.
goldeneye?
Bro just put the C4 on the supports But this is good vid though
Thank you for posting this video. When the art's and sciences go so goes the country sadly.
Not true that thing has been falling since 2013 in battlefield 4
Simple. Me and the boys blew the cables with our c4
We shot it with rpgs
Rip the best bf4 map🙏🏼
Danke!
Boris: "YES!! I'AM INVINCIBLE!!!
This doesn't seem like no accident to me. If it were up to me... I'd check what that paint contained on the cables contained.
Thanks for another great vid Brady
LEVELUTION!!!
Watching this while playing just cause 4
"It's loss was felt around the world!"  **me never knowing it existed** wow!
Damn rogue transmission really gone 😔
I blame Bf4s levolution
ngl I only know this thing exists because of Battlefield 4
Great explanation,  I disliked the video though, it was at 999 👎 and it was too tempting to make it 1K.
made the new one in a desertic area so there's no salt or rust problems
maybe it was sabotaged by the Chinese so the scientists need to go to the one in China.
PROMOTED!
'Its loss was felt across the world.' Me who didn't know about it until now:
The GOVERNMENT never told us anything anyway. This telescope was for THEIR own good not the Publics. The only thing it did was radiate the PUBLIC.
Damn levolution
Yeah it went down thanks to some military soliders with c4 and an rpg
Bf4 Rogue Transmission 😭😭😭❤️🌹
Seeing the way it falls reminds me a lot of battfield 4.
I got to see it before it collapsed and I feel grateful for the opportunity
Controllers wanted it down they paid for it and it fell they don't want us to know what's coming
I hope they build a better one. Just like they built a better containment facility for Chernobyl over In the former USSR. Just a thought.
Pretty sad. Good job
i woke up in battlefield 4
The engineers inspecting the thing didn’t destroy the spawn beacons…sneaky recons
I first learned about Arecibo when I was in junior high during the original broadcast of Dr Carl Sagan's Cosmos. There's much history with this radio telescope. I'm glad there's consideration of repair of such a historic facility.
Some dudes playing Battlefield 4: Rogue Transmission irl
Battlefield 4
It's unfortunate that it collapsed but truly the best outcome of failure happened, people knew it was going to fail and nobody was hurt. Although we lost an amazing structure I'm happy it wasn't one of those "X people dead in collapse of Arecibo telescope" type of things.
Am I the only one that realized within 2 seconds of this video that in the video game battlefield that thing was in it and it was usually destroyed every match the map came up that was in... kinda funny
Damn Battlefield 4 wasn't lying
ive seen this lots in BF4 on the rouge transmission map... interesting seeing the real one collapse.
There is one more thought: Recently the US Government recognized officially the existence of UFOs. Why so suddenly? Think about the necessity of Searching for Extra Terrestrial Intelligence (SETI), if the federal Government now confirms they exist.  a. the FEDS save billions in funding for SETI.  b. sorry, Dr. Seth Shostak, to me it looks like you need to find another job or simply retire.
Couldn't an analogous evaluation have been done on the Surfside condominium?
If its mechanical it will fail... does not matter what it is.
What really happened was the best map in battlfield history
does anyone know the name of the track used at 0:43
Why did we not hear anything about that at the time it broke in December 2020? Who cares, right? It took me about 15 seconds to answer your predominant question: Puerto Rico's climate is very very humid and hurricanes are contributing. So - why? RUST. It took the narrator 15 minutes out of 17 to say - it rusted! LOL. What consequences will that have for SETI?  I guess we can call that a time controlled demolition - Arecibo was decommissioned just one month earlier? Coincidence??? It was way too expensive in maintenance and - maybe - the question here is really ... who cares?  If you want to give us  your thoughts to the two comments by AV above, please visit: https://studio.youtube.com/channel/UCdxFwYVupieF-XaeK9tEhyA/playlists We publish a follow-up news clip with selected comments at a later time under SETIWOW.
The Chinese sabotaged it
So mr. Bond, what can you tell me about the theft of the golden eye?
They just took levolution from the BATTLEFIELD 4 to the next level. _Literallyl_
Thanks for sharing your talents in an easy to understand and very articulate way. 😁😁😁
Battlefield feels
FAVORITE MAP ON BATTLEFIELD 4....TAKING THE TELSECOPE DOWN WITH THE TANK !
They didn't use Spelter Sockets, and clearly the breaks all originated from chafing at the tops of the towers.   The rapid spread of wire failure inside of the cable after the outer chafed cables failed indicates a weakness Throughout the cable SPECIFICALLY at that point.  I conclud the culprit was GALVANIC CORROSION at the point where the cables met the top of the tower.  Possibly from different metals or from an effect of current being produced by suspend wires.. The name of this phenomenon escapes me now.
GODDAMMIT ALEC TREVELYAN
LEVOLUTION
something seen..not to be viewed by our generation
The final failure was simply due to engineering study delays. Studied it to death. Spend all your money on studies instead of repairs.
I'm glad a camera was there to record the fall.  It was like watching Mythbusters.  Shit will blow up.
I think the failure was due to sine wave created in the cable from down draft from the drone. You, know spooky actions caused by observation. 🙄
0:01 ist this battlefield?
Heyyy waittt a minute that’s from bf4 😂😂
Trump happend. End of story.. :(
Here's the thing. The Porta Ricans didn't want to put any money into the thing over the years and so it failed as expected. No big loss though because they didn't want it.
Didn't you know? It was destroyed by James Bond in the movie Golden Eye in 1995.
This instrument MUST be replaced. We conducted nobel price worthy science with it. We can't let it go. HOW ARE WE SPENDING TRILLIONS OF DOLLARS ON MILITARY EQUIPMENT AND NEXT TO NOTHING ON SCIENCE THIS SHOULD NEVER BE A QUESTION OF MONEY! FUCK
I think they should find a way to make one that's a mile wide to beat the one in China and find a way to make it super strong.
Yoooo its the Battlefield 4 map lmaooop
You think everybody get this  news???????????????????????????????????? Even  if it was there in the first place .   Pfffth.
So who did the levolution on rouge transmission
They should use meteor crater in az to build a new one. Dry desert air.
BF4 Predicted this
Want to make money with that location?  Design a new platform that is clearer and build uber rich condos or houses under it with the platform as the roof.  Basically an inverted dome to live under. Can you imagine the night time views those houses would have?
Could this be work of 🌈🔥⛅️⛈🌩🌧💥add less inspectors with no white gloves 🧤 or time 🕡🕐🕛will tell .till then UFO standby it is fixable .
BF4 map?
We can live without it.
Luckily they knew the structure was in danger of collapsing and kept everyone out of the area.  Could have been fatal if it had just collapsed one day without warning.
For England James?  No..for me.
Goldeneye
this happened thousands of times in battlefield 4
Someone put c4 on the support beams and engaged the maps levelution to counter all the pesky snipers. It’s auite simple really.
We all know in reality it was a Battlefield 4 support with C4 who caused the disaster
There is a black strap on the cables and a clevis and small cable. maybe a come-a -long. Anyhow, someone had actually been up there very recently. They obviously got down before the drone went up. Close call for whoever put the black strap up there.
Brilliant, I’ve seen a few videos of the collapse but no detailed explanation of the device.
It only stands to reason that 60 years of tension and the elements would weaken them over time. I know that zipline cables are replaced every couple of years.
2:1 is highly inadequate!!
A poorly  zinc speltered socket?? In this age, with a hundred plus years of experience filling sockets??
Safetyzones should be in every dangerous working place and every Company.
Battlefield 4
why the fuuuuck are you standing infront of that sunny window? you thought that was a good backdrop?
what is interesting is that there IS back ground NOISE?
Flashbacks from the BF4 days
"Why thank you, 007!" I blame Pierce Brosnan and Sean Bean in 1995...all that shooting, violence and damage couldn't have helped!😜
Why do I feel like I’ve seen this before, was it in Battlefield 3?
Random soldier blew up the tower with C-4
Just remind me of james bon golden eyes movie
the space aliens  broke it
Say, is it just coincidence, or did you mean to upload this on July 20, the day Apollo 11 landed on the moon?
The system cut me off M …….anyway, the ropes (cables) should have been galvanized and probably changed every 10 years.  A project this important sho7ld have had a safety factor of at least 10.  A unique project.  But bridges have large safety factors and they are in a corrosive salty atmosphere with constant vibration from traffic and hurricanes.  I believe our Engineering group at Otis could have designed a lasting suspension system .  It would have been a wonderful project to tackle.  JoeB.   BS Civil Engr 1962  Univ of  Md
So basically Battlefield 4 predicted the telescope crashing dow
Brady I want to sleep get off my recommend
hello
60 years, pretty good.
Now it’s a giant trash dump. Way to go guys! If there’s one thing we’re good at, it’s creating trash:)
The cutting edge of technology! The pinnacle of our collective efforts. And it lasts…..  57 years…. Lmao. What a failure. Good thing we’re so smart and build everything so much better than in the past. Smh  Tell me again why we think we’re the pinnacle of civilization? Our efforts to prove to ourselves how smart and “technological” we are, are hilarious.
How did humanity get so smart?
Huge waste of time and money
So if this were to be used to this day as a military instrument then it wouldn't have had crashed. Funding could have been unlimited
This video could have been about two minutes long.
Do t ve racist
Recon snipers took it down with their C4.
I am sure this collapse cos some dude with and RPG got pissed cos of sniper camping
"57 years... It's loss was felt across the world"... and I JUST found out about it NOW.
I never even got to see this in person. Watching the drone footage broke my heart all over again. Most people remember this from Goldeneye or some other movie but i remember it as the setting for my favorite book, The Sparrow. RIP Arecibo Observatory.
Puerto ricans have been defending the US from ramdom nukes since 56
I almost cried man.  I was born and raised in Puerto Rico and I went to that observatory so many times during different stages of my life.  I had friends who worked there so when I heard what happened it was personal for me.  A lot of good people lost their jobs and Puerto Rico lost something that cant be replicated.  I feel the observatory should have been kept as a monument of science instead of being demolished.
Too many lives they've spent across the ocean Too much money been spent upon the moon Well, until they make it right I hope they never sleep at night They better make some changes And do it soon
What really happened is aliens did not like the movie contact so they came down and destroyed it 🧐🤔😂
lol some crack head was working there and hit the wrong way  and the hole dam thing crashed,lol.
Was Goldeneye actually filmed here?
Battlefield 4 predicted the future!
Me getting battlefield 4 flashbacks
Amazingly the staff member with the drone was there at the exact time this happens, why don’t they just say they Demo’d it and had a drone there to record it…that would be more believeable
FUCKK.. I was planning to visit it next year when I go to Puerto Rico. Shit I guess that isn't happening now
Great information and helpful to us who knew nothing about it. Thank You so much for this presentation.
Never knew It fell so it was not felt all over XD
Interesting this is a story where they decided to evacuate people and decommission a super structure, before it fails.  So often we get stories of inspectors just say its fine right before something blows up.
If they had just replaced the first failed cable after it happened instead of wasting 3 months trying to computer model how the loads changed we likely would not be watching this . Honestly I am surprised they didn’t have a method to monitor the cable tension of every cable to begin with as that would be pretty critical and dynamic in a structure like that.
Battlefield 4 levelution
0:20 i still don't feel a thing
it was prolly sum guy in an ATV with c4's
Battlefield 4 players are what to blame.  Tanks and C-4 is what really broke it, lol
dude no way i was just playing this map
This is the first I've heard of anything going on with the Arecibo Telescope. That really sucks, but I'm glad everybody is okay, and we may be getting something new and better in the future.
this happens very often on a conquest match idk why everyone is shocked
Waiting to see a rundown on the condo collapse in florida.
Battlefield 4 takes place in 2020 and this is a map
Although I do not have the mathematical talent required for such a trade, engineering of such structures is totally fascinating to me! And with all of the extremely skilled work required to build such an amazing structure, i am willing to bet my bottom dollar that is has everything to do with Human error that resulted in the failure of the cables and that there would have to have been some kind of error in the making of the Cable stays where the zinc is poured in, that resulted in the failure of the system. As like it is always said, a chain is only as strong as its weakest link, there could have been a metallurgical error in the zinc itself or the chemical nature of the paint used to protect the cables from corrosion, or it may even be a physical deformity of the cables induced by the type of clamps used or the amount of Torque used to tighten them it could have been any number of things that resulted in the collapse not the least being the tropical storms that ravaged the Island. I am just enthralled by watching the cables failing, I just can't stop looking at how the strands of the steel peel away with lightning speed being under such tension, I wish there was sound with the video so that I can hear the whipping of the steels strands as they tear through the air....physics is something I have always liked but never had the talent for.
Battlefield 4
Heads off mate.
Battlefield 4 happened.
MI-6 knows why
If the cable sagged about 2.5 feet, that is most decidedly NOT a meter, as a meter is exactly 3.28084 feet long or basically 3.3 feet.
Battlefield 4 flashback
For England James?
Just Cause 2 players: yea it's called PAN MILSAT and it's part of the storyline
Is it me or this guy reminds me = "i solve practical problems " team fortress 2 character the engineer
So who has skated this bowl ?
bf4
Another clear, straightforward presentation of a complex and interesting topic.  My engineering degree is sadly obsolete, but you repeatedly remind me of the joys of the deep understanding of how engineers go about their job of making our lives better.
My mother was born in Arecibo 1934, the telescope was a fixed structure and a attraction for all. I always wondered how long it could be suspended, now we know.
Was it weakened by a certain British spy doing her Majesty's bidding?
Cause of lack of maintenance.
Any chance of getting it rebuilt?
Grady, another fine job on this failure analysis. Not sure if you take requests but it would be an interesting to have this type of analysis on the Merrimack Valley gas explosions in 2018. It has to do with gas pressure and would fit well with your channel. Thanks either way Grady I really enjoy the content you put out. Have a great day!
Armed with his license to kill, Bond races to Arecibo in search of the stolen Access Codes for ‘Golden Eye’, an awesome Space weapon that can fire a devastating electromagnetic pulse anywhere on earth.
Since when did battlefield 4 get a live action movie?
I’ll bet some higher power did it because they don’t want us to have power, or they want total control.
ET can no longer phone home..
It still hurts watching the footage of it collapsing.
Aliens destroyed it because it was disrupting their ship's comm system.
a 57 yr old pile of rusty metal and cables makes you wonder what happened?? ok, THAT was a huge waste of time and money. 😱
Golden Eye happened
Only reason I know this telescope is because of battlefield.
I’ll tell you what happened: I put C4 on the cables supporting the towers. I was sick of the Russians camping underneath it. Now it makes it easier to cap C ;)  iykyk
That day was extremely to all of us that live in Puerto Rico, but was truly sad is that it could have been avoided cause for over 10 years the staff of the Arecibo Observatory were literally begging for more funding for the maintenance of the telescope and every time they were denied the help and received less and less funding which sadly played a factor to this tragedy, but for now we are hopeful that we will get a new telescope with better safety and modern technology.
Another building 7 .It was brought down it did not fail
Having had all of my small firm's computers running SETI@home on Arecibo recordings for over a decade (I stopped because of environmental/CO2 reasons), I find it very sad to see this structure collapse!
It was damaged on purpose
Why not drop as much weight as possible from the center unit. Typical thinking by committee, it always leads to failure. Instruments a complete loss, of course.
It decided to become a BF4 map
I was blaming it on Chipmunks.
The telescope didn't failed, it passed away 🕊️
What goes up, must come down.  Thanks for the video.  Fascinating.
I like your show makes it easy for us to lay people to understand
Just like everything else it wasn't designed to carry that extra weight but the engineers thought it could they were wrong
was overloaded. for the past 60 years those geeks have been adding junk to it and the cables snapped.
I'm sure drug addicts and alcoholics have picked it clean, took it to the scrap man and sold it for booze and drugs.
Who cares was old, and china have a much advance and bigger.
News of it is only getting out now, BUT James Bond destroyed back in 1995
"Factor of safety" - when it comes to roof trusses it is called the "Idiot Loading" to factor in how much extra load could be applied to a truss by an idiot hanging something from it.
I still have pictures from 2003 when I was a kid with my family with this in the background
they did it.. to lazy.. and expansive  to fix
Donald Trump didn't pay the bill
Of course it happened in 2020. I expected nothing less. Can we all agree last year was a dumpster fire and move on?
Don't blame me okay? I'm just reporting some opinion heard during my job. As a French lawyer, I had once a client from Puerrto-Rico (for a civil lawsuit against a French citizen). He told me that he visited the telescope when he was a child... and hated all this stuff! I was very surprised and of course asked him why his so powerful hate. He went on a very long explaination (I had to hear it approximately for 30 mins), but in short : the "rich" countries, instead of helping his (corrupt) country, took advantage of it and hired local do to the dirty maintenance job with a very low salary. Of course it was a job and a higher pay than one you can find in San Juan, but  instead of paying the same salary that an employee could have had if he was, let's say an American, they gave "local" and lower wages. For that, he prayed each day for this telescope to "fall apart" and o  "f*** the science done at the expense of people like him who only mistake was to be born in San Juan and not NYC". ... His opinion, not mine.
BF4 anyone?
Levolution
battlefield 4
Probably taken out by the CIA so we can't see the incoming meteor fields
Battlefeild predicted this
what a stupid telescope lmao good video though n yeah, for the amount of money invested its really stupid, totally fake lmao
If you look close enough you can see snipers parachuting off of it as it falls #bf4
Failed in the middle of the night, it was taken out everyone knows it was🙄
"..things fall apart. It's scientific..."  - The Talking Heads
The techniques of inspection, pioneered for cable stay bridges, clearly were not applied early enough [if at all] to Arecibo.  The most telling statement of real responsibility for this disaster: "The NSF had been trying for years to divert Arecibo funds to newer projects."
Battlefield 4
imagine if these engineers who designed, utilized, and maintained this were also anti-vaxxers and flat earthers. hur hur
I thought it already collapsed when 007 killed 006
Kudos to the drone pilot for lightning quick reactions.
Well they never made any radio contact with aliens that's for sure lol
Molesta en lo que gastan la plata éstos csm botan la plata mientras muchos deben hacer un imposible para subsistir condiciones precarias en total abandono de instituciones.
finally no campers anymore
This is a fantastic video. As someone who works in the research community that used Arecibo, I can say that you have accurately and fairly assessed this event.  Some additional considerations is that there was an uptick in earthquake activity in the region after the hurricanes, which likely added additional dynamic forces that stressed the cables. In fact, a cable had to be repaired after an earthquake a decade ago. Interestingly, there was an earthquake nearby on the date of and at the time of the collapse. This might be what finally pushed it over the inevitable edge.
Another failure mode nobody wants to talk about is the age, I'm pretty sure it wasn't designed with a 57 year lifespan in mind. That is a lot of heating/cooling cycles and the constantly shifting stresses from wind.
aliens did it. either that or Boganoff
BF4 flashbacks
Isn’t that goldeneye?
Could you please do the Wixom Lake dam failure in Michigan?
I'm sure China's will fail after a few years, being made of tofu and all...
I've contributed to its collapse for years now. My favorite place to be was the very top during its collapse.
Things only exist for the purpose of war. It makes me sad this thing wouldn't exist if not for nuclear war. We don't care. We really don't care about escaping this planet.
"It's loss was felt across the world" how am i learning about this now? 😒
Just like battlefield 4 haha
Battle field 4?
"For England James?"
Reminds me of the last scene of the bond movie " Golden Eye".
The dynamic loading of each suspended would or should have been calculated as a compound live load rather than a static load which is typically 50 times the expected capacity if people are within the sphere of the project. Looking at the design and your own comments suggest that the entire structure was substantial under-designed to handle the original structure let alone the massive upgrades that followed. A curious question: How often were the cables replaced? Even the expansion bridges require constant maintenance and even replacement of those cables after a certain period of time. My guess is that the structure was built outside of the United States because it did not meet the stringent safety standards demanding such high safety protocols. Even basic safety harness equipment requires a minimum of 50,000 pounds per square inch attachment points per person on construction sites where an individual is more than 5 feet off the ground, with the exception of ladders up to 10 feet of the ground or inside a contained area such as walls. I have seen the Arecibo project a number of times over the years and wondered exactly how they could actually detect the level of corrosion in those fastening anchors  because once they are sealed and installed there is no practical way to physically inspect the individual strands of cable inside the wedge anchors. Electrolysis would be a naturally occurring event with or without the influence of sea salt corrosion and the constant affects of weather. I am inclined to believe that the entire project team was fooled by their achievements much like everyone was convinced that the Titanic couldn't be sunk. Throughout history we have seen the same scenario unfold time and again because a project is so spectacular or has been working flawless for so long that short-sightedness creeps in, much like the Florida condominium disaster recently that exposed several similar era buildings showing the same types of issues, causing a critical review of many buildings across the country. It is very sad to see the loss of this amazing feat of engineering, but the very mention of financial issues indicates that proper maintenance and management were also key factors that most definitely played a part. 😢 While no-one ever wants to admit such truths, science is always underfunded and most projects struggle to show their viability over time, sad, but true.
So all of a sudden things started collapsing since 2021 huh? Lets wait and see if YouTube will collapse before everything else does
Very cool place to visit👍❤️
Great video!
Battlefield predicted this !!!!
TLDW: They made the cables subject to corrosion. /facepalm
It was the Cabal.  They destroyed it.
Made in China
Nothing man made will ever last forever.  Even now with all the computer modeling available guarantees are impossible.  This thing was built in the days of the slide rule and computer punch cards.   Punch cards that were spat out by room sized computers that are outclassed by todays hand held calculators.  Everything built by man will one day turn to dust.
Aye! I just heard you on the flash forward podcast. I was so excited for an episode about concrete and then you came on and I was like, "THATS MY HOMIE RIGHT THERE!".
This was awesome. Thank you for this video.
In short: we still don’t know. Saved you a few minutes.
Brilliant analysis. Thank you.
that was used on the film GOLDENEYE 007.........."for England James?!" "No; for me!!"
It looks more like sabotage than a ( accident )     The time line where everything was happening is just a bit to suspicious to me
It's sad that they couldn't repair it after the second cable failure.
A promoted user comment at Ars Technica is beyond superb. See _NSF releases footage from the moment Arecibo’s cables failed_  by John Timmer from December 2020. Here's the gist:   "When Arecibo was built, the receiver that detects the signal and the digitizers were incredibly expensive. So to get a lot of sensitivity, you built one big dish ... and focused it on one expensive receiver + digitizer, which were housed in the white ball ... These have been upgraded over the years (liquid helium cooled amplifiers) and the fantastic digital spectrometers ... But they are much less expensive now, so you can build arrays of dishes with many receivers and digitizers. ... On a science/$ basis a rebuilt Arecibo is not very competitive. This is really down to the cost of receivers and digitizers falling so much that arrays of equivalent cost have greater science range."  So yes, you can future-proof a facility with a 3× or 11× safety margin, but you _can't_ future proof a facility over a fundamental change in the nature of the most cost-effective design mode.   When it's big and cool we demand an engineering margin that will last 100 years out of doors in the blustery tropics. But if it's small and slim (e.g. your iPhone) most people are perfectly happy to landfill the gadget every 24 months in pursuit of the latest and greatest nano-feature. My old phone that lasted 10 years had a perfectly good calculator app from the stone age. You have the power. But as Smokey Bear used to say on behalf of the Forest Service, only you can do the math.
Looks like a total lack of any kind of maintenance, In favor of continuing operation.
One word comes to mind: Levolution
From Puerto Rico and didnt even know this .vid was great
Never should have let Jodie Foster up there.
Worked in Puerto Rico for 3 months in 2014. Got to visit the site and take the tour. It was pretty cool,  sad to see it destroyed.
Is it the one on Puerto Rico
Real shame.
It had plenty of financial problems for quite some time. Last I heard ,SETI was using it…I am surprised I hadn’t heard of this . Then again, that is 21st century media. Derelict in it’s duty to convey the news.
I heard this was actually an close atmosphere radar . The drone that filmed the collapse looked to me to actually shoot the cables_from which it was suspended.
negligence. now it is going to be a YouTube video of abandon places.
insurance.
Another great video 👌
Rogue transmission
Bf4 levelution irl.
Proof that aliens do exist. We have been spying on mars and tried to block the undocumented illegals crossing the border and this is the result.
We destroyed it because you were using it for war vs the Galactic Federation.  Facts
007 defeated 006 and saved the world
They should repair it and put Am'trak-magnetics underneath the dish so the dish moves on magnetic coils like in the fishbowl flowing on oil.
High quality Videos :)
Clearly a good match of bf4 was going down
l dont care what anyone says.  lts a cryin' shame!
I am an electrical engineer from Niger and I love the technicality of your videos. Very deep and very concise at least for the electrical part where I have a say. Nice job and good luck. I hope some day your video will be taught in American schools and abroad.
Somebody placed C4 at those metal ropes like always in BF4...
Who else is here cause they wanted to see if battlefield 4 got the levolution right?
James Bond finally actually really stuck a metal bar in the cogs, and it really did collapse and hit Alex in his gob.
Disfunctional couintrys inn a nuttshell.
BF4 moment
It's a pity it wasn't safe to repair such an iconic and valuable telescope now lost. Shame earlier foresight didn't add additional redundancies.
Hindsight is always 20/20
I didn't realise the lead-up to this incident. Thanks.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AqBvyx_zSK4&ab_channel=KostackStudio  Here's an interesting simulation created by a clever guy in Berlin. It's a proper simulation, not a special effects film. Worth a watch if you enjoyed Grady's synopsis I think.
There is no Universe. Space isn’t real. Sorry folks.
battlefield players know you just gotta c4  2 support cables
A model of clear, comprehensible, unprejudiced informative video.
I thought this was a battlefield 4 video. I'm not that smart.
I saw paint missing on the cable that failed.  Salt from ocean would have reduced the cable reducing load capability.  Once the cable failed the others would have been unable to carry the increased load.
He saw a black hole and said: Now I can rest in peace.
I initially wondered if earthquake tremors even mild ones,  could’ve been responsible for some of the failures. What a pity they diverted funds. My guess? They’re diverting needed funds from Important Scientific projects,  to be certain NASA’s personnel are taking updated in-service programs, to indoctrinate them in “Appropriate Wokeness”. After all,  everyone knows, Real Science is never as important as being sensitive to social justice.  I spent every summer as a kid into my teens in P.R. This  Arecibo Observatory was amazing & as he said, was responsible for so many incredible & amazing discoveries. Sure hope they don’t just let it decay like so many government funded programs.
This is heart breaking
Instead of anchor cables, they should have added a tower in the middle.  You can't pull down on a system indefinitely, you have to push up somewhere. That's just how physics works.
Excellent presentation!
It was a battlefield. There was a rogue transmission
Further evidence that America no longer cares about funding scientific research.
Levolution!!!
Dit is een test
fatigue leading to structural failure I thought.
WE NOW LIVE IN AN ORWEHLIAN CENSORSHIP OF INFORMATION DO YOU REALLY THINK THEY WANTED THIS FACILITY CAPABLE OF DETECTING W.O.W. SIGNAL  BEING RUN BY CIVILIANS ?
I will always treasure my memory of my visit to Arecibo in 2006 and talking to the staff there about their work.  Very sad when I heard of the failures.
This thing was falling apart for years and they knew it
Anyone play universe at war and remember playing as orlock rebeling against Kamal under this thing
Good explanation
Battlefield 4
Ahem. Nearly 60 year old cables in corrosive environment. What a mystery! FFS!
From al the Battlefield players : RIP!
Insurence money. Planned!!
Battlefield 4 acting like they didnt predict it
This was the best battlefield 4 sniper location. Ahhh, good times.
Next florida building collapse
Build a new one. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bxHjytBY7Z8
“For England James?”
The instrument originally had nothing to do with space, and was not expected to be used more than a decade. I'd say the *original* design factor of safety was adequate, although the same can't be said for the upgrades. Obviously, the NSF didn't have military funding!
It detected something in deep space that is a future threat to the planet. So in order to keep it secret and from the rest of the world,  the GLOBALIST GOVERNMENT DESTROYED IT. It was the first to detect an event that is a threat to the world.
I never heard of this disaster until now. What a loss..Also never saw the added geodesic dome of 1997. I only saw old pictures with the inner circular structure. Thank you for posting, very informative as always with your presentations.
Golden eye lmao
I think they didn't terminate the cables properly. The thing might have been standing today if they did. Also, they chose the wrong location for construction. Hurricane country is a no no when building using tensioned cables.
Ok I know nobody is going to read this even less pay attention and take this in to consideration...   I live in Puerto Rico and at the time that the RADAR collapsed... The island was having swarms of earthquakes and was affecting the structure... It might not seem like much but if you have cables that are already under a lot of stress and then having small constant swings of the structure... It will affect the cables. But nobody takes that in to consideration... When the radar was mad they didn't take in to consideration that the island would be in an active geological area...
Thank god I took un allowed pictures there the last time I was there, a couple of months before it broke
I can’t express the sadness this brings me as a Puertorican. A place I visited multiple times through elementary and beyond is no more. Generations of kids now will have a fundamentally different experience than me and my predecessors when they are taught about space. A part of my past is gone and there’s nothing to be done about it. My soul cries
Wait a minute... Does this mean battlefield 4 predicted this event happening??
Corruption is everywhere.
If it breaks it breaks
Never once did this telescope see earths curvature.
Knowing that they also filled GoldenEye a movie oo7 series still we lost one of our most scientifically Advanced telescope
Excellent.
Excelent video !! I am from Puerto Rico and went yo Engineering School in Mayaüez C.A.A.M. ! , incredibly in your video you post the remarks of the maintenance group about the sockets on the cables, the person mentioned, Felipe Soberal, we were in Engineering School at the same time, and were actually very good friends.   Felipe ! , do you remember me ? , 1974 Dodge Charger light blue and boyfriend of ET ?? Hi !! Hope you are still there working my friend !!, we all truly felt the lost !!
What really happened... Battlefield Levelution
Alec: “For astronomy, James?” Bond: “No…. For Me”  *YEET*
CORROSION KILLS - On salt water laden radio installations at various points - especially where there is a possibility of dissimilar metals in mutual contact being used (electrolytic corrosion) - I drown the parts in Copper Colloidal grease called Copperease (commercial name) this rejects salt laden moisture, and does not wash off or emollify, it also lasts for donkey's years. It’s a high temperature grease as well used in the automotive trade. I was introduced to using it on ship work as opposed to using sheep fat grease by an engineer who designed seaborne pirate radio station medium wave antennas in the 60s. Impractical probably for any work here and far too late. Paint did not prevent water ingress.  Sad to see it go an engineer working for me used Arecibo to talk to an old USA satellite deep in space and wake it up. One would think that Bezoses and Musks of this world anxious to get into space and make money would donate a small part of their taxable fortunes to looking into space at our galactic origins, it would be good PR for them. Don't ask me what I think of them.
This was heartbreaking to watch. I not only visited the radiotelescope on a number of occasions, I grew up not fifteen minutes away from the radiotelescope. It was up in the boonies, but you'd see signs pointing tourists to the telescope. It's pretty up in those mountains.
Plenty of BF4 and Goldeneye references, not nearly enough X-Files references.
That has to be one of the most well conceived applications of drone surveillance ever!  Great job on you production, as well!
Goldeneye 007
Well done.  I understand a lot more about what happened and why. Thank you.
Keep be Lie ving your bullshit stories there bro…..Man you got to freaking wake up!
everyone already said about the technical side, so... there are nothing more for me to say.   but, no one said this: they blamed the james bond?
Now thats its down and we learned so much from it, WHY NOT REBUILD IT WITH PROPER TECH?
They knew it was going to fail.. one of the most important instruments on the planet.. question is.. why did they just sit back and watch it's demise??.... ;)
The government destroyed it to keep what’s coming…. A secret!!!
Finally  it crushed  alec he just had spend decades getting  there lol
Was it in the jame bonds movie
battlefield 4
Just like in Battlefield 4
14:54 Is pretty damning evidence that the workers, in accordance with the engineers' recommendations, demolished the structure by snapping the cable. There is a black sling choked around the remaining backstay, then it is wrapped around the backstay that snaps. The shackle and pulley attached were probably used to pull on the cable causing additional stress and causing the collapse.
Years ago my father worked for MIT Lincoln Labs, someone he worked for wanted him to go and do some work at Arecibo,  he refused because he was in his early sixties and said he was getting too old to climb heights that he would have had to work from. He wasn't afraid of heights either, he flew for recreation. It was interesting to watch this, I wish he was still alive to see this.
SO the chinese sabotaged the Arecibo telescope?
Rogue transmission... if you know you know...
USA Gov and FedRes created more than enough money to fund the overhaul and maintenance of all of USAs critical infrastructure. But instead of fixing Dams, Bridges, Pipelines and Telescopes they gave it all to Privately Owned Banks and Hedge Funds.
This, Texas Power Grid, The Miami Condo, The California Dam, numerous bridges.... what scares me about the state of US infrastructure is how vulnerable a lot of USA is to quakes. I can imagine a mere Lv 6 Quake being enough to trigger widespread built environment devastation. And an exponential quantity of avoidable deaths. :(
For England James?  No....for me
ATTENTION US INFRASTRUCTURE: "Please stop committing suicide...... Thank you."
Another case of collapse of America's aging infrastructure. The sadest factor is that sources of investment couldnt be found.... Maybe we should start calling Asia "The New World"
Great video!  I was sad when I heard about the collapse, but had not seen the actual video!! 😲 I studied engineering in college and engineering prep type classes in high school, so I've know of Arecibo since I was a kid in the 80s.  I always wanted to visit the place, I am extremely glad to hear they are still using the facilities there, and REALLY hope they build some other similarly remarkably unit to take it's place.
Good clear explanation.
My bad, was prolly the C4's I set off on the cables     (bf4 fans?)
My mom worked there in the 70s as part of the clerical staff, she even got to go on the catwalk when she was hired. We will miss the big guy.
Sean bean will be annoyed that thing has landed on him twice
I've sniped so many players on top of that platform in the middle.
Vlf. Frequency waves. Sounds like hum 2 human 👂. 🌋 is live!
I got to this a few years ago.  I'm so glad we made the trip.
Just watched the movie "Contact" last night... RIP Arecibo.
Didn’t even know it failed.  Thanks!
They should replace it with the James Web apparently they wont be sending it aloft sooooooooooooooo .
Rogue Transmission
Biggest Question:  Why not regularly build new & better towers, to improve the structure ?   Replacing towers, would be:  -- fairly cheap -- highly reliable -- easiest to impliment  ****** Once a second set of towers are used, can repair/upgrade towers that are extra/redundent.
Material failures in structures are common, that is why engineers are an essential part of maintaining this type of structure. That is why inspections are necessary. Following up on inspections is also necessary. And all that is good, but when there is no budget, no responsibility and genuine interest in maintaining the structures. Neither engineering, nor inspections, nor inspection follow-ups solve absolutely nothing. The problem is solved in the human resources department, if they are doing their job. And in the directives of the institutions responsible for the budget. This was not a technical matter, it was an administrative matter. That is what really happened.
Don't forget it was in a James Bond movie!
Unnecessary explanation... talks talks talks the point is : no one cared more about that radio telescope and its research, especially in the era of mobile Mobile net is  the worst pollution source for a radio telescope,  as  electric light and heating  was   for optical telescopes in the Twenties of xx century
They could just replace the whole thing with New and Improved.
The Presentatiom was fairly reasonable. The Engineering was Terrible !  My science courses in grade 7,  were better !   Problems: >> Structural damage from various partial failures.  -- What were the damages ? -- What caused the damages ? -- What caused any initial failures ?
Alec Trevelyan died there.
Instead of immediately replacing broken cable, they begin crating computer simulation 👌 Good thinking 😂
The best part of any 007 movie. The telescope will be missed.
Always a good time to do this in BF4
1960s engineers: this rt not permanent and even with this level of engineering this is not the best  Nowadays engies: nooo there’s no way to fix this waaaa
Everyone else: They were gonna demolish it   Me: Hehe battlefield
There's so much corruption in Puerto Rico, it's no wonder that maintenance was lagging. They were hiding supplies in warehouses they received from the United States, after the big hurricane. Also, the illegal IRS was located there, stealing money from Americans since 1913.
This series is incredible, great production value and very very good information and the dude is a a+ presenter, talks really well
Millions of taxpayers' dollars wasted.   Again.
People are losing or lost the true perspective of what really happened here. First, the lack of maintenance or NO MAINTENANCE AT ALL, something not new in Puerto Rico. And on top of all  how convenient was that a drone was flying very close to it and the very moment of the collapse, I don't know about you guys but this is a very rare thing, or should I say expected. To me it was planned and done on purpose, other wise that drone and the rest of the cameras wouldn't have been ready to record that disaster. And looking at the video very closely that cable snapped was not an accident, it was a kind of a explosive charge on it. In Puerto Rico there is a tendency of no maintenance of important equipment, buildings and a lot of other things that need it to be take care of, but as they use to say, "It is a jungle over there". Arecibo Observatory was in piss poor conditions for decades to say the least, and there is no excuse "LACK OF MAINTENACE" is the reason the very main reason. Everybody, from the government, operators, maintenance crew, engineers, and every single person responsible or irresponsible of maintaining this very important piece of equipment.
Years of small earthquake activity probably contributed to the demise of the facility IMHO!
I always hate campers sniping up there anyway
Nah I'm pretty sure this is rouge transmission
Someone has triggered the levolution. There was probably a camper on the antenna
Wowwwww!...... I could just imagine, that "Horrendous Snap-BooooMs," when those Cables broke! Looking at the corrosion and peeling paint, I wonder if the Cable Integrity was impinged by "Increased Solar Rays!" Similar to how Bungee-Cords get stressed in direct Sun! (Nylon degrades but, Steel Cables?) 🏗🏟🏗🏦
This telescope is from the Cradle level in Goldeneye 64, right?
@ 4:49 Dude is a gangsta.
Don‘t worry, it just broke down due to Battlefields 4 Levolution! It will be perfectly fine once the restart the map!
Are there any plans for a rebuild?
Damit 006 you broke it
Is this is battlefield 4?
The reason the thing fell apart was , , no maintenance whatsoever. If you don't maintain your car you know what's going to happen, all these clever people but no common sense. Typical.
Sir I never visited your channel before but let me thank you for doing this very well done video about Puerto Rico, Arecibo's telescope. I'm from PR and I was delighted with how you spoke about the telescope which was very important to us, especially as kid which is always one school trip we all did on the island. We consider the telescope one of those things that puts PR in the map and we we're proud of. It was nice to hear the respectful tone in which you spoke of it, thank you. Ill show this video to my kids who never got to see it.  FUN FACT: the first episode of the X-FILES and opening scenes are at the Arecibo's Telescope! I bet you didn't know that, lol!
Battlefield vibes
When the US gov't needs to get rid of aging structures it usually takes them out by a 'terrorist attack' or an 'accident.'
Arecibo converted to be a learning case study in statics and dynamics. Happy new mission Arecibo !
*For England James,*
The bf4 server finally loaded in
Someone did the levolution
As a qualified Mechanical Engineer I can say that this structure had to be demolished due to age. Specifically the overhead (metal) structure was suffering metal fatigue due to the constant stress of the heavy suspended parts. This programme in typical American fashion is therefore just misleading "Hype", designed to get you to hit the play button. At 1.5m+ hits they have already earn't a lot of money !!!
Such a shame
Yeah, we're alone...  Humans just decided, based on theories, to build such an intricate and experimental invention, at such a scale.  Even the chosen Location, where it didn't seem "such a big deal" to the population at the time... to make it less notable to the population. This is akin to deciding to build a 200 story tall Huron's fountain in Paraguay during the 1950s to study Perpetual power sources...
That's a good point... shock loading a cable significantly reduces it's static capacity. Any climber knows this. So I think that's a good line of investigation. The first cable probably had some unseen defect in it or had been (perhaps with all the cables) over stressed by one or more hurricanes, and when it gave way, it overloaded the rest of the cables but not beyond the breaking point. Enough, though, to reduce the remaining safety margin to critical levels, not to mention that the fact of its being missing trimmed the safety margin just by itself. When the second cable broke, it probably did the same thing but in that case, it dropped the holding strength of the remaining cables below the required minimum. A few good gusts of wind and a little time was all that was needed to exceed the breaking strength of the remaining cables.
Was a scene from one of the James Bond movies shot there?
You may call me a conspiracy theory nut if you must, but I am very suspicious of  the loss of this so soon after ʻOumuamua allegedly left our solar system.
Aliens 👽
Whaddya mean, what really happened? It collapsed, that's what!
I brought it down on BF4
rogue transmission anyone? (battlefield 4)
GRAVITATIONAL WAVES, REALLY? OH BOY.
Battlefield 4 brought me here......8 years ago.
Just a thought. The scientists could sell small peices of it for Fundraising for the next one, or to fund the operation and repair of the next one.
Yoooo they made the Battlefield 4 map real 😱
LEVOLUTION!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I'm so glad I got to see this. My wife and I went to PR for our honeymoon in 2011, and Arecibo was one of our must-see places to visit.
Battlefield 4 predicted this happening
Thank you, it was very intresting!
"For england james?"  "No, for me..."
If you look closely, you can see Bond jumping off the lower platform just before the collapse..
No problem China has built a better one.
"For England James?"   "No. For me."
"This 57 year old infrastructure not only made incredible scientific discoveries in its lifetime, but it was also featured in James Bond 007: Goldeneye!"
As a mechanical engineer and having grown up 30 minutes away from the Arecibo radio telescope listening to this video makes me very sad. Thank you for your comprehensive video!
I'm only here because of N64 goldeneye
Metal fatigue was not mentioned, unless I missed it.   It seems to me that the cables should have been totally replaced at least twice during its lifetime.  I am very surprised that did not happen as part of routine maintenance.  ...I am not an engineer.
Did anyone’s mind go straight to bf4
Hahahahahahaha
This is sad … I wish it was maintained … it’s like the coliseum… an architectural landmark and an incomparable James bond location
>Probably a BF4 player? >Are you waiting for Battlefield 2042?  Welcome to the good ol’ YouTube algorithm suggestions (:
This had happened so many times in rogue transmission
It’s fake space! Who y’all trying to reach?
Battlefield 4 predicted it
Wrong. Everyone knows that James Bond interfered
Rebuild better ...
Too bad an iconic piece of astronomy and the space age is gone!
Looks like replacement maintenance failure,  the cables and attachment points are prone to metal fatigue after some time ....
It was a gigantic monument to pseudo-science, and nobody cared to keep paying for it.  Yes, astronomy - especially "radio" astronomy is complete pseudo-scientific claptrap. We woke up.
Im surprised not to hear the effect of the continual seismic activity that began on December 28th 2019 with 2 major earthquakes, January 5 2020  at 5.8 and January 7th at 6.4.  By May 2020 there had been over 10,000 earthquakes, most of them centered around the west coast of Puerto Rico.  The daily quakes continue till this day, July 26th, 2021.  Considering the fatigue on the structure I can only imagine the earthquakes also contributed to the collapse of this structure.  I was very sadden by the collapse, I have been there and also below the "dish".  Thanks for the video.
Would now make a cool skateboard bowl...
Battlefield 4 predicted this
Failed due to seagull shit corrosion.
Why all the negativity, if not pleased with this fantastic info then go away
First knew of Arecibo's Radio Telescope from Time Life's Collection Astronomy Book in the70s... It had a sunny picture of the shiny dish
The ray dececter thing may be on the bottom but the rays would bounce up (I think im right correct me)
Do the FIU bridge debacle.
Water damage sounds more likely
Oh, so you're telling me that construction workers might not actually follow the blueprints to the letter, or that they might not hit the specified tolerances laid out by the engineers? I'm SHOCKED. SHOCKED I TELLS'YA!
It was ruined. It was threatened years ago. Don't covert a cover mister. You heard but I saw. It's build was quite strong
The fastenings on elevator hoist ropes in the US and Canada now typically use "wedge rope sockets" which have largely replaced babbitted sockets which used molten metal or thermosetting resin as the embedment medium. In babbitted sockets used on elevators, the ends of the ropes were first seized with a circumferential wire wrapping where they entered the socket. The individual wraps of the rope were separated and the fiber core was removed within the socket. Then the ends were bent over and this "rose" was pulled into the shackle. This would make it impossible for the rope with a now greatly increased diameter, to pull through the end of the shackle. The babbitt held everything together. Elevator hoist ropes are also of a different construction than those at Arecibo in that they are designed to constantly flex. Additionally, and perhaps more critically they are indoors and normally protected from the environment.
I guess there won’t be a goldeneye part two then…
it still almost makes me cry when i remember aricibo colapsed
The only stupid thing here was the adding of the dome. The dome was made way to heavy and was approved by fools. There are better, lighter weight ways to do the same thing. Getting rid of that dome and installing some wideband or multifrequency phased arrays would have been a much better solution. They would given extreme beam steering (in addition to the movement of the triangle along the cables)  to the dish without all the heavy BS on that triangle and its support cables and structures.  Would have greatly lightened the load and the wind load on the towers and cables.
Salt incursion from evaporated sea salt carried on the wind?
Anyone who’s watched Golden Eye KNOWS what happened.
Bf4
I'm pretty sure when those cables snapped, the pucker factor of the crew that was on site was more than likely off the charts... 🤔🤔🤣🤣🤣
Poor sean bean gets crushed in Goldeneye
It was shot by a tank in battlefield 4
Build a new and better Arecibo !!!!!
I absolutely love your channel. Thanks for explaining things so well.
They destroyed this telescope because it could detect how the earth is attacked with technology from the lower orbit to create storms and modify the climate. They destroyed this telescope because it would proove that americans create storms and tornados with technology. This was the main objective to eliminate the proof that the genocide with the climate is real.
What happened is that the US is too corrupt and poor to have repaired the facility. So they just let it collapse.
BF4 anyone?
Neglect.
For England, James?
damn what an eyesore lmao
I thought there would be more goldeneye or battlefield 4 references before I clicked
How tragic, and how much more of this is still to come in a nation filled with neglected infrastructure.
4k footage of battlefield 2042
I hope they rebuild this awesome observatory.
Zinc in contact with iron will oxidize.   Why don't the use a different soft metal?
Propaganda.
make a video on why people would listen to shitty music while listen to you....
Wow. What a huge cable failure! I work with wire rope a lot as an engineer and have done a variety of pull tests on wires. The spelter sockets were probably proof tested in the shop. I suspect corrosion combined with cyclic loading lead to failure enough individual strands that over time the whole wire failed.  It is good to see the engineers recognized the instability of the structure and were not trying to repair this when it broke.
Battlefield did it first
Interesting that Google Maps still shows it intact.  And when zoomed to the 200ft scale, tower 4 is 3 inches away from the triangle, while towers 8 and 12 are 2.5 inches away.  Is this an optical illusion due to the satellite angel, or should tower 4 have been engineered with stronger cables?
Could it of been aliens that lasered it down so not as to see their upcoming invasion?
good old Rouge transmission off battlefield 4 god i miss it
we all know it landed on Sean Bean
Great presentation, and important observations and best yet, technically accurate! Thanks for existing and making the videos
From the cradle to the grave
Props to the staff that recorded the entire thing so well :D
RL Rouge Transmission levolution😂
great documentary, thank you
EVERYTIME I RAN A SNIPER UP ON THE TOWER.. SOMEONE DETONATED THE C4 AT THE BOTTOM. ,🤕
Yet ancient Egyptians built Great pyramid of Giza without blue prints and engineers . This telescope in comparison, is a childs play to build .
Obviously it was James Bond.
I’ve watched many of your videos. But I sincerely think this is your best video yet. It’s so informative, yet so succinct at the same time.   A fitting tribute to the legacy of such a unique structure. Well done Grady! Hope to see more of such content! 👍🏼👍🏼
it's called aging...nothing is the same forever
What happened?  Just play bf4, someone blew the support lines with c4
I would like to propose a question. If a Radio Observatory like Arecibo was orginally designed to detect nuclear blasts in the atmosphere....what range would they be able to detect over earth's curvature and line of site limitation to max 500 miles.?? Secondly, what good would a 500 mile range be to detect such things in the 1950's and 1960's when only 2 nations had them.??
Who is here for Goldeneye comments
US Seti geek here missing this wonderful opportunity  to save the humman race from astroid deep impact events or finding blackholes. I am excited to see what replaces it hopefully soon I like seeing the bullet coming at me lol
The truth is that aliens took it out.
It was left to decay and got destroyed. China aparrantly have a bigger one called FAST
I saw the thumbnail and, me being an uncultured idiot, thought it was about that battlefield 4 map
One of the James Bond movies was shoot there. Its kinda sad it collapse
wow this is why I subbed, this kind of video was so easy to understand even though I have not background in physics or engineering.
I think what is missing is fatigue and flexural strength.The cables were continuously tightened and loosened by hydraulic jacks for location precision. Any material if infinitely flexed will fail regardless of other considerations
I am not an (non-software) engineer. I did not think I cared at all about this sort of thing. But this channel is absolute gold. Pure and best quality learning and entertainment. Thank you Grady
They pulled that thing down with the jacks. no way those cables snapped like that while "there just happened to be a drone watching"   Guarantee you they were testing to see what it could take for load  so they could do repairs and this happened so they blamed it on imminent collapse.
For England, James!!!!
Imagine if this took place during the climax of Goldeneye!
Arecibo was mentioned extensively in Cosmos and also Contact (one of my favorite books as a child.) Though astronomy wasn't my calling, this video of the failure and collapse was more emotional than I expected.
Is this from the James Bond movie?
“Considering the vastness of this universe, life would only exist on Earth and nowhere else sounds quite unreasonable. Let’s understand the logic behind the possibility of extra-terrestrial life-forms in this following way: everything that we know of this universe, are known to exist in numbering more than one, like for example, we know for a fact that, there are more than one stars, (more than one) galaxies, (more than one) black holes, (more than one) nebula, (more than one) solar systems, (more than one) planets, (more than one) comets, asteroids, quasars, pulsars, so and so and so, on and on and on. Therefore, if everything in this universe exist in numbering more than one, (in fact, most are known to exist in billions to even more), then, why there should be only one planet in the universe like that of earth, a planet that is perfect for the sustenance of life? If the very natural order that built and evolved this universe, where all that exist (and ever existed), exist in billions and billions in number, then shouldn’t there be more than one planet like that of earth in this universe, the very cosmos where everything is in their millions to billions to even more? If the natural system that dictates the laws of the universe, the very laws which have spawned so many items in their billions, therefore, that same natural system would allow only and only one life-hosting planet, i.e. the earth, seems like an anomaly, and against the basic rule of the same natural system of the universe, which houses so many of its creations in vast numbers. So, with that logic, if there are more than one stars, (more than one) planets, (more than one) solar systems, (more than one) gas giants, (more than one) black holes, (more than one) galaxies, therefore, there should be more than one life hosting planet like earth out there in this vast universe. It’s just common sense, and it’s that simple.”   To read more, download the book, “The Search for Extra-terrestrial Life in the Universe” from: https://www.academia.edu/34438059/Extraterrestrial_Life_SETI_Alien_Life_UFO_Life_in_the_Universe_Astronomy
Bf4?
"What Really Happened at the Arecibo Telescope?" clearly some support slapped C4 on the cables.
James Bond is responsible for this incident🤣
It's like watching the levolution at Rouge Transmission in Battlefield 4.
GoldenEye
Alec: For England James? James: No. For me!
Reason it collapsed. Some tank camping in base shooting the cables. Because levolution
If only we could go back 60 years and let them know what we know now.
Well we had to take C and there was these guys camping hard so after many jihad jeep runs getting RPGd we decided to just drop the thing thus leading to a victory and countless T Bagging 😀
I thought that thing collapsed in Goldeneye in 1996
Lets be real, ppl only know of this from golden eye
When I first heard about the collapse, I was quite saddened. But, as more and more info has come to light, I am THANKFUL it collapsed without injury and this may have forced the issue on destroying an outdated, unsafe, though still useful, structure. When scientists whose grants and substantial income $$$ depend on something like this, it is easy to see how pushback from them could keep this thing going, even though it really shouldn't have been allowed to.
Friend's dad used to go down there all the time to work with it.
Bond pushed Trevelyan off the edge and escaped in a helicopter, that's what.
A classic case of woulda, shoulda, couldn't.
Is because sniper get really annoying there so some people start c4 every column.
Glad I saw it in person a year before it’s collapse
Sabotage that’s what, as they don’t want us to see what’s coming very soon
It was aliens, stopping us from sending more nudes. Anyway, thanks for the analysis and the fish.
🤔
I saw it in that one James Bond movie and I wasn't even sure if this is real
I remember when this collapsed and everyone blamed anti-science profit hungry selfish people for its collapse. Sounds like it was a lot more complicated and it was just old.
It's the perfect location for Puerto Rico's first NFL team, the Vaccinators.
Garbage 🗑
What really happened? Something broke.
Lies it collapsed during goldeneye. We all know this
As a puertorrican it still hurts.
I didn't even know it collapsed. Glad there were no casualties.
I Wonder if Sean bean was there when it collapsed again.
I know what the caused the failure.corruption and bureaucracy.
Levelition baby
Next: What really happened at WTC 7? I`d watch it. Keep up the good work
A bunch of battlefield 4 players did this
The Goldeneye is set to fire on London in 10 minutes!
It was James Bond.
Its such a shame. As a kid I grew up going to the observatory in field trips and now that I have a son of my own I wanted to take him there so he would get the same experience as I did. But that will never happen. Such good memories from those days.
Serves those damn dome snipers well for camping up there with their spawn beacons.
Levelution!!!!!
Looks like the one in Goldeneye. James Bond caused the collapse on this one to take out the traitor 006.
Could this have been sabotaged?
Maybe it was just an expensive piece of propaganda prop that reached the end of it's usefulness(if any)?
Wow.
James Bond? Anyone?
Battlefield 4 flashbacks.......
Very interesting. But please make sure not to have that backlighting from the window.. it made the video way to bright to watch in the middle of the night 🌃
The perfect symbol for the decline of the US.
Well its Puerto Rico you know... You ever been to Puerto Rico?
So, designed 70years ago, added extra cables ignoring the old faulty ones, added moving structures when the design was originally static and used for a purpose for which it was never designed. Who would invest in that?
Build a new one in the same space, make it as large a diameter as possible, and use a multi winch deformation system like the FAST radio telescope in China. That would improve the utility of it by making it able to track things for a longer amount of time by combining moving the instruments with a moving dish deformation to hold on an observation as Earth rotates.
This broke all all of our hearts in Puerto Rico as well as around the world.
Cant believe they made levolution from BF4 into a real thing
Nope, Alec Travelian AKA 006, had a shoot out with James Bond.
BF4 moment
This is in golden eye movie
metal fatigue due to cyclic loading when platform was exposed to winds?
*Astronomers:  We need new gear but budget restraints..     🤔 *Astronomers: How much Insurance policy do we have on that dish??    🤫
China certainly took many notes from the Arecibo. FAST is located in some inland mountain with little possibility of a storm, or any possibility of salty water corrosion.
Contact always comes to mind first. LOL
. . . Yeah that design is fancy but after 70 years, you'd think they'd rethink the structure. . . nope let it crash and burn. Idiots.
They can engineer anything but to make it last ,it is called maintenance
The telescope was intentionally destroyed. Why is obvious, technology is advancing to such a degree that the telescope became a liability and would have had enormous capabilities using this advancing technology. The ability to detect secret communications between out going Starships and secret communications to them in deep space emminating from Mars is one or the reason. 3D imaging of nearly any object in or leaving the solar system is another. And with big mouths like the guy who disclosed the W.O.W. signal is another.
I remember glimpsing photos of this telescope in books, but I didn't become fully aware of what it was until Goldeneye. This thing was old and built around obsolete engineering. Just replace it with something modern and future proof.
Useful with asteroids, no big  loss ..🖕
Sounds like shoddy work. Some sad shit, for sure. Thanks for the video.
As a Puerto Rican, I went to the Arecibo Telescope on a High School trip, it broke my heart when it collapsed :(
Still amazes me how someone just happened to have a drone up there as it let go.
Basically rogue transmission from battlefield 4
Wow this man dedication and expertise AND willingness to make it open to the public, easy to understand, fun to watch is something even companies like NAT GEO fail tremendously. This guy is a LEGEND there are no words to describe how privileged we are to be able to hear and get this kind of information for free basically. Sir if you ever watch this comment the only thing I have to say is THANK YOU. You are a blessing to humanity.
Us: We're getting closer to the truth! Aliens: Uhh.., No., you're not!
& What did the Billion dollars get us American's for that ground base satellite 📡 ??  Did we get some useful Intel from some Aliens ?? NO WE DIDN'T... So WHAT WAS IT REALLY FOR ????? 🙄 ??
Cradle to grave, James
All of those huge satellites like this one, are or most likely were nothing more than IONOSPHERIC HEATERS, Designed & Constructed to ALTER WEATHER ☁️ SYSTEMS... Just like HAARP, EISCAT, ETC ETC ETC.. These things showed up all over the world along with all the Nexrad Doppler sites & our weather worldwide hasn't been close to normal or average anymore & it's has ZERO to do with SUVs & Cow crap.. Global Warming is coming from BIG TECH & Corporate interests
GRAVITY HAS NEVER TRULY BEEN PROVEN !!  & All of these Big & or Small Ground Based Satellite's are pointing to the FIRMAMENT !!! All Encyclopedia Britannicas 1958 and prior claim earth is Flat & motionless & we live under a translucent DOME & it's called the FIRMAMENT !!  This is how satellites on the ground work !!  Research : Operation FISHBOWL !! & N Tesla discovered that we live under a DOME in the late 1800s !!
Watching it collapse was so surreal after making that happen numerous times in battlefield 4
What!?! How did I never hear about this happening?!?
It took long enough, but James Bond finally destroyed the Goldeneye.
RIP Alec
I remember seeing that for the first time in the James Bond movie Goldeneye. I thought it was fake. No internet to confirm back then lol
Damn this made me think of battlefield 4
Battlefield 4 caused this
57 years , well  it has done enough.
Looks like the one from Golden Eye.
battlefield duh
These guys call themselves engineers yet they aren’t even working on engines…………
One nitpick, dish size doesn’t improve resolution afaik, just gathering capacity.
How sad.  😔🥺
It got levolutioned to death. RIP.
why Puerto Rico?
I have an 8th grade education and could have repaired it with a helicopter. - or brought it down without a crash.  I worked on a power line that was, at times, held in place by a single strand of aluminum.    They determined that it wasn't too dangerous to give me a job.  Things need to be checked periodically.
Can’t believe the news barely covered this, if at all
It decayed just like everything else on the island does, nobody works and nobody cares on PR.
Battlefield 4
Never thought a battlefield 4 map would feature on this channel
It was an old structure but bear in mind Berkeley shut down SETI and NASA within a month or so stopped public access to their deep space program just a thought
i know this from James Bond movie
Goldeneye
Don't need an explanation of why it broke. Maria was no joke!
Throwing it out there Arecibo could theoretically be rebuilt and upgraded to modern standards should enough funding be available
Excellent video, can you please do one on the Surfside collapse?
For England, James?
It did not collapse, it was sabotaged to prevent any further findings of Alien life
I really hope that a rebuild can be done by the US, the EU or both of them.... technically its not that difficult, and the amount of money is almost neglectable when compared to our research budgets.....  I really just hope that there are people able to make this work :(
Is there any NEW word if the Arecibo Telescope replacement or some astronomical instruments with 2021+ technology be rebuilt. Same Location? Or maybe it is no longer needed with what we have in space. I'm just curious. I'm no scientist or engineer, just a US Army guy. Thanks. (Ohio)
Boohoo outdated piece of junk. Good for one GoldenEye scene
China's telescope FAST is larger and stronger .
For England, James?
I wouldn't say it failed as much as just wore out. I'm sure the builders never expected it to be still being used 50 or even 60 years later.
Cable guy
Thought it was important in golden eye.
I’ve been fascinated with this structure since I was a kid. And my father was always into astronomy. This was informative and impressively well presented across the board. Thank you!
I would hope that if they decide to rebuild the structure; using modern engineering, they could have improve its range and capabilities. Though when it was being built, they would also have to protect the cables coming from boat. That could had induced a weakness to the cables back in the 60's and might had been a cause of its demise. If they do, I would go back to that observatory liked I had done in my past; once as a school field trip when I lived there, the other with a friend showing her the wonders of that Observatory.
I remember this structure in a James Bond movie
Didn't the cable guy hang out on this back in the 90s?
That defunct telescope wasn't even worth the price of scrap metal to save.  JUNK!!!!!
Don't  worry, in the next match everything will be repaired and respawned on the map :)
You have no idea what it really did. Idiot
It was a very good experience to understand what and how .the Story  .the how and the End ....and the New thank you for your Channel update God bless you
I know I’m not the only one but it collapsed in 2020 battle field 4 is set in 2020
006 and 007.....Goldeneye is real!!!!  hahahahahahahahaha  Greetings.
I remember this beautiful telescope from the James Bond movie Golden Eye was really cool to see! Lets rebuild it this time with carbon fiber elements and let Jeff Bezos know he loves this space stuff maybe he will pitch in some dollars.
I hope 006 was okay in the collapse
Snipers: Noooooooo!!!!
A ton of bird crap got somewhere strategic and boom.
Build a better one that will last another 140 years.  Our construction technology and tolerances greatly exceed those of the original.
2.5 feet is not “about a metre”….it is 0.76 metres.
If Goldeneye ever has a George Lucas style re-release, they NEED to use the drone and GoPro footage.
OH MY GOD GUYS ITS LEVElUTION!!!
Some random tank decided to break the cables and cause a levolution
Every time I see this thing, I think of the “cradle” music from goldeneye 007 for N64 😂
I just found a channel thats almost exactly like urs if it wasnt for the name I would of thought it was ur channel
Goldeneye oo7 that is all
Excellent!
someing old , decayed and fell down ,hell of a shame but without maintenance it happens.
It didn’t collapse!  It was removed, as an even larger one is going up in its place!
What happened to it? It's simple, the players took a tank, and destroyed the cables to keep the snipers from camping up there, that's how you play Conquest on Rogue Transmission.
If they used ss for the cables, it would have failed years ago.
“For England James?”—006
Lack of maintenance is what killed this instrument.
Thee one and only fault in telescopes fate.material was just low grade. IDK but where was the wires made? Sure would be interesting to find out!. I'll go check. Be back soon with any information I may find.
My wife and I visited this in February 2020, just before they closed things due to covid. We were among the last visitors to see it before it fell.
That was awesome, you guys kick ass
You forget this telescope also controlled a laser that could destroy targets from space.
BF4 happened lol
Rouge transmission from bf4 anyone???
BF4? Anyone?
Put something IMPORTANT in a DANGEROUS location and a SCIENTIST is never GONG to see it.
Replace the cable they knew this they haven't been replaced since the f****** thing was made but they wanted to steal money and that's why the thing went down  simple
We need to send Fox Mulder.
You people hoping to profit off the fear are just stupid funny. Are you forgetting about the up and coming moon wobble bringing never before seen flooding.  Yea Noah is still giggling bout that statement.  Give it a rest.  Work on stopping the virus.
It sabotaged by aliens because we were getting too close to exposing their plans.
You can't deny that the James Bond film Goldeneye predicted the collapse of the telescope all the way back in 1995, roughly 25 years before the actual telescope got destroyed. The only thing that's not the same is the fact that Sean Bean wasn't present at the scene of the telescope collapsing on top of him.
Alec Trevelyan strikes again.
I only clicked this video because it looked like the one in GoldenEye. You went the entire video and didn't mention that iconic scene from the movie once. So I googled it and it is indeed the same satelite from the movie.
12:48 bullshit. Companies miraculously capture footage all the time. Follow the money. Investments superseded the maintenance of this project. New project coming soon near you.
Wasent it in that james bond movie back in the day?
First saw this engineering marvel in the film Contact, half a life time ago, to my eye back then i thought the 'dish' was concrete. Well there ya go. Sad to see it demolished.
It’s to hide whats coming
Does anybody know how long the structure was intended to las when it was built?  If it was designed for 40 years but lasted 60 - then this cannot be considered to be a 'failure.'
For England James?
Excellent.
DICE destoyed it to promote the new Battlefield trailer.
I would say that a yearly and rigorously inspection and maintenance should've been implemented to maintain it. Replacing the cables with new once by the way of removing by pulling old cables while rolling the new and upgraded versions would've been a safe way of doing it.
You mean rogue transmission????
Probably the hurricane was the tipping point if the cables were only designed to hold 2x the static load.  Like bridges have maintenance regularly to protect against corrosion but did these towers have that same level of care?
"Should of been"....engineers famous last words
I watched this since it was used in 007 Goldeneye... And ended up learning a lot more....
You didn't mention fatigue cycles, but I think specially with extreme events like storms throughout 60y might have been also a contributing factor that should have increased the safety factor
I don't think you used the right graphical representation for the EM spectrum at 1:10... the wave does not appear to be increasing/decreasing in frequency, but rather amplitude.
Two words: James Bond
Using imperial system.. :'D let me laught...
Let me guess, our taxpayer dollars are paying for the years of forensic analysis why it collapsed. SAVE OUR MONEY
Wait one. I’m getting Mulder on the sat phone.  This looks suspicious.
Controlled demolition just like 911 twin  towers 1-2-4 -7 find the Rat  and find your culprit.
Given that it may cost at least $2 Billion for a new design, and new build, could a modern telescope be built at this location?
Using the imperial system... :'D
Who gives a shit about this crap
You say "amazingly one of the observator staff was flying a drone"  But then say they heard the individual strands break, and then you say "which is why the drone was up there in the first place".   So which is it, amazingly I was there to catch it, or they launched the drone because they knew it was imminent?
False, clearly a battle between USA Soldiers and USA Soldiers with M1 Abrams and AEK-971 was the cause of the accident.
Is this the same one that was in the James Bond movie "Goldeneye" with Pierce Brosnan?
I was genuinely saddened when I saw the video footage of the collapse.
Man, it's just so sad to see the observatory getting destroyed again
I smell insurance claim
worst part i diddent know i even existed
Aricebo had nothing to do with space exploration. It was a cold war radar.
James Bond planted a proximity mine and a maintenance guy unfortunately found it
easy enough to recommend more design margin after the damn thing has collapsed
4:50 That guy has balls.
Sad days
LOVE these analysis of engineering disaster videos! KEEP IT UP!!
The most interesting part about this whole video is the fact that they did all of this just to make a good BF4 Map!
literally battlefield 4
Great Video, Grady !!
Poor fabrication no quality standards , pretty common today especially with products and parts from China.
If we break it Mom will get us a new one concept  ....... ?
That's some amazing, fortuitous drone footage, for sure. 👍(I mean, WHAT are the odds?!)
Everyone's talking about BF4, but I just think of GoldenEye when I see this.
Contact
honostly, couldn't care why it failed as the design of this telescope is just ridiculous and not all that thoughtout too well...... Idiots; "let's have a big mega orb hanging above a big ass dish, attached with mere cables, waht could go wrong?"
We all now that It was because 007 fighting with 006.
Dont ever forget that POTUS was the DUFUS traitortrump at the time meaning that the scientific processes needed to save the antenna were being viewed by DUFUS POTUS as useless, like  himself.
nothing last FOREVER ...
Bond and Alec settled down.
For England, James?  No, for me.
Lack of maintenance.  Pretty simple.
glad they got the collapse on video
Very well done presentation, just curious are you a PE?
they just tested the strenght of the cables by planting c4's on them
What really happend is someone use c4 on the cable
Goldeneye 007 set remains?
One of my favorite and best customers. I was so sad when this happened! Farewell.
I saw it all go down first hand in bf4 😄
F
What a great video. Thanks for the research and education. Excellent as always.
Arecibo Telescope was also in the 007 movie, GoldenEye. :P
In my opionion, the videos misses one possible cause for the rupture of the second (one of the original) cables. The cable was installed in the 60ies, so about 60 years of service life, give or take. Now we know that cable structures are susceptible to vibration, swinging etc., hence load cycles. And even if the stress ranges are small, we're talking about 60 years of life, so many cycles. Depending on the type of cable, other strands may bridge this gap, but if more and more strands brake, there's a natural limit. And don't let codes and standards for fatigue design fool you: there is no natural limit where stresses below that limit do not cause damage. That's a technical decision and usually it's OK, as fatigue loaded structures are regularly checked. BTW, I don't assume that fatigue was even considered in the original design. Even today if would be hard. Wind turbines designed for 20 years of service life run into the giga cycle fatigue, so billions of load cycles. And there is no real code to actually make a good design, as most fatigue testing is done in the range of up to 5-10 million cycles, as everything above takes time and is too costly. And for most of the structures that range is quite OK.
Have they ever heard about hiring employees that aren’t pussies? They could’ve saved it. The Arecibo’s blood is on their hands. 🩸 🤚🏻
A great loss. Will they replace?
Ya bud, it’s called levolution and it’s a part of the map.
Premium chinesium steel cables.
Well, there's always Goldeneye
Very good video.  I forgot about this failure among all the other 2020 news.  Thanks for bringing it back up in an informative and well researched story!
Yo who shot out the cables
Battlefield 4
Thanks for the thorough explanation that even us non-engineers can understand.  After recently watching the Bond movie where the telescope stole every scene it was in, I had wondered what became it.  Spectacular (and scary) video footage of the final collapse.
"It's loss was felt around the world..."  LMAO...no it wasn't...LMAO  Maybe to a handful of scientists...but that's literally it
Blah,blah,blah fact it was never properly maintained, over 50 years of neglect, various hurricanes like Georges and Maria, it's a freaking miracle it lasted
BF4 feelings
This gives me battlefield 4 vibes
The collapse of the telescope was a warning from heaven to scientists to stop their research and not interfere with Devine laws. Like the Tower of Babel
Why did the engineers not just replace the cables? They allowed three months after the first cable breaking to allow more problems.
Bull. Simple, the inspections were not being carried out. They were pencil whipping them. Tell your lies somewhere else.
Ty Grady.  Interesting as always.
They must have gotten tired of all the snipers up there. (BF4 reference)
It was designed to look back through time. Not to last for a long time.
Give Smart people oversight of anything without the management of the common man and everything fails.
It was obviously aliens....
Levolution.
I remember some sabotage from Bond, James Bond (Goldeneye?)
Nah guys I just put some c4 on it too many snipers
Cable was caught slippin!
I’ve heard rumors that there are dinosaurs roaming the area around the observatory. Their roars can be heard even to this day…
We know what happened.  Pre-planned just like in Battlefield 4
Excellent video, though I thought I watched another documentary on this event, entitled "Goldeneye".
Really awesome video man. I live in Puerto Rico and i got the opportunity to see it in person in a school field trip in High School and i was amazed by it. I took photos of it for a assignment that i had to do and i still have the photos. It broke my heart when i saw the news of the collapse. I was in shocked. I didn't believe it at first, but then i saw videos and that's when i had to accept that it actually happened.
Goldeneye!
If you look closely at it collapsing, you can see a helicopter flying away with Pierce Brosnan on it.
Battlefield 4 anyone?
This IS the darkest timeline. Don't forget it.
FINALLY  the Engineers DID THE RIGHT THING... and said that it’s unsafe...  They didn’t kill anyone for doing some stuff in an already deteriorating heavy suspended object that’s high above
Golden eye. (Drops mic)
That was thorough!
Insurance claim obviously
I love your videos!
Meanwhile, a church in France burns down, billions of $$$ instantly poured in. Priorities.
This was destroyed by British agents 006 and 007.. I've watched the documentary
I just can't wrap my mind around this! How can you have full access to such an important structure, money enough to change cables every 5 years and still f it up beyond repair.
They found my secret lair. World dominating villainy  doesn't pay  nearly as well as it used to anymore. I was down to two part  time henchmen and a small mongrel dog. I was buying my suits from Men's Warehouse for god's sake and wearing Chinese made penny loafers! Of course it fell apart.
Reminds me of ROGUE TRANSMISSION on the console game #BATTLEFIELD 4 by DICE. Looks identical......... & could terrorists or globalists have sabotaged Arecibo?
Video is black, just audio
El Radar
Contestants from “Are You The One Season” 2 walked on the top of this in 2014…could’ve been tragic.
Piss poor engineering
I hadn't seen the drone footage of the cables failing, only the stationary view from the observation deck, that was amazing to see they were actively flying a drone on site when the failure occurred. Thank you for sharing your insights I also hope they find a way to rebuild the site. What a loss to humanity, over some bad welding... yeesh.
I still remember the school trips there all the time, it was definitely part of the Puerto Rican growth experience, and it was really fun. I’m really sad that future generations probably won’t be able to experience it anymore
R.I.P. Trevelyan
EMF rot to the wire structure?
Aside from cost why couldn’t they have constructed 3 additional towers to distribute the load?
For england james ?
I really want visit this place when I was kid.. Now sadly to hear that
I think you find James Bond destroyed it to foil 006 evil plans! 😂
you know what is the best way to mitigate the disadvantages large fixed radio telescopes ? having a LOT of them. lets build another 3 or 4 Arecibos, it only cost something like 10 million dollars to build at the time, that is pocket change for the US defense budget.
https://youtu.be/vkAvcMx6KPc
Perfect timing as far as I am concerned. The scientist all had their panties in a wad over the Star-link's disruption of the skylight. One thing this shows is they scream for the project's to be built but then never spend a penny making sure they stay safe.  Its time to move our telescopes into space and away from earthly problems.
The helicopter bubba lifted the top antennae I only ever see these big towers some places
Ok how about 1km radio towers
Battlefield 4 predicted this.
Goldeneye ?
The most mind boggling aspect of this collapse is that they got a freaking 4K HD footage of the whole collapse 🤯
Boris: I'm invincible!
Rogue transmission
As trevelyan said : NOOOOOOO!!!!!
Very sad.
Very fortuitous the collapse was caught on camera.
It was a good call from the engineers that assessed the structure was too risky to have personnel on to attempt fixing the doomed telescope. Their accurate calculations and decision was well warranted and undoubtedly saved lives.
Alien phones back.📞📞📞
Hhahahaah
Just Fake Telescopes
Betting it would have been fine had they not upgraded it and increased the tension by two fold when adding the dome.
Giving me some Battlefield 4 Rogue Transmission vibes 😂
For my bf4 people in here I call this levelution
Is this from that James Bond movie?
22 trillion in debt, we don't have the money to continue with this
Since we lost Arecibo perhaps we could use a scaled-down model on the Moon.
LEVOLUTION!!!   ...sorry
Original cables were installed with pride. 'Support' cables weren't. Differed maintenance always results in problems. The investigation shouldn't need to take too long, evidence are in the drone and GoPro footage. Lack of maintenance on old cables and likely sub-par installation of further support cables lead to failure.
Thank You very much Sir! You gave every minute details in detail!  But for a telescope, are these much complicated construction nrcessary? Suspension, on whatever sized cables and whichever material used, is prone to at least mechanical failure in due course of time. I think a Brain storm idea to "see how it works" created this weakling telescope! Just like those collapsed bridges due to Natural Resonance, this too might have gone the same way.  The view of the suspended receiver module over the bowl itself was so queer and amusing!  Whenever I saw that, I had the thought flash on my mind, "Such an unstable gizzmo hanging in mid air" just ready to crash down!" But, anyway, the Destruction was so much perfect and complete leaving not even a single part for further repair!! Imperfect Construction leading to Perfect Destruction!!
I heard Donald trump sent some of his goons in the middle of the night and they removed 5 main bolts from the anchorages. Enough play to have the vibrations do the rest.  By the time they were out and gone it was to late for anyone to have seen them. This is terrible. Trump destroyed her.
This was a dope battlefield 4 map
battlefield 4
And within weeks, every piece will disappear...it's Puerto Rico
You can't rely on steel cables. This isn't good news.
BF4 map be like
Ooooh excellent topic choice!
LEVOLUTION
Holy crap , its been the better part of a year and i am now JUST finding a random video talking about this ?!?!?! goddamn lame stream media !!
Battlefield 4: "First time?"
Engineers: you'll need to demolish it Arceibo: YOU'LL NEVER TAKE ME ALIVE!
Time to build one less concave dish to see more, with only 1 central tower leanable, reflective and retractile. Because move dishes is too easy!
It fell duh
It fell because I shot all of the pillars out
Battlefield 4 happened!
This telescope is to the stars what phones are to humans. 🤯
“The Cradle” from Goldeneye lololol
What puzzles me (it's easy) is how did that telescope work with the dish so dirty!
Nothing out of the ordinary happend, milo murphy just had a feild trip here.
But where does the operator go???
I turned on this video and 17 minutes just vanished.
I didn't even know this place was real; just thought it was a battlefield 4 map.
I know we will build a new one eventually.
James Bond
Battlefield 4
I thought I saw that long ago... When was it? Can't even remember with all the covid shit that happened since and all the craziness and attacks on basic liberty.
Nothing lasts forever. That is why infrastructure replacement is so important. Even steel wears out, to the surprise of many engineers. If there is such a thing as molecular bonding then that bonding has a life span where stress of any kind is involved.
13:55 Alec Trevelyan meets his demise.
Me when going through the comments: where battlefield 4 references
This vid gives off major bf4 vibes
Goldeneye anyone???
Battlefield 4 players know why it failed
007 did this
I remember my 8th grade science teacher speaking about Arecibo in hushed reverence, barely able to contain his excitement in sharing with us where his generation of scientists had gone to. I also love how you can explain things and events so calmly and clearly, presenting the facts and the science so no one gets their politics in a wad before understanding the basis of failures. Science will find the funding to build a new telescope for the site with all the best technology. We can't help ourselves . Thanks!
Thank you for the instructive report.
I thought James Bond already took it down years ago!
i did this in a battlefield game once
Everyone who gave this a thumbs down should be lined up and pepper sprayed.
Bf4 map
To prove what a trendsetter I am I shall now mention James Bond...
Seems like a damned shame to me.
I always say that iconic stuff should be built back better and stronger just like the twin towers they should have been built back but I don't know nothing and God bless 🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷🇵🇷
Is very good presentation
Im sorry but after seeing this a year later it looks like rigged it
Thank you Grady for another informative and entertaining engineering video!
Us battlefield players saw this coming
Battlefield 4 irl
I feel guilty for doing this in Battlefield 4.
I swear, I saw this fall apart in a James Bond movie once..
Bruh, it was just the maps levolution.
james bond happend there nothing more nothing less ^^
This was very well done. Thank you.
Someone activated the levelution
Reminds me of bf4
battlefield 4, That's what happened.
I'm glad I get to see my country in a positive light even if it's about something as heartbreaking as losing the telescope. A quick note, Puerto Rico is an archipelago, not just an island. The main island is Puerto Rico but it includes the smaller islands of Vieques, Culebra, Mona, Desecheo, and other smaller islands.
Goldeneye 007  MISHA is Online. Antenna in position. On my Count… 3… 2… 1.  Yes! I am invincible!
Can keep a floating space station in orbit..dodging space Junk, micro- space objects, satellites, and meteorites, for soo many years with no deaths or any major problems or accidents causing any loss of life, all while traveling around the earth at around 17,000 miles per hour in the most hostile environment known to man.....but yet can't keep this structure from failing?.....hmmm? Really?....thankfully no one was hurt or died.....hahaha sheeple!
It was just old
It was alien sabotage.
Thank you for making this video. As a big space nerd Dec. 1, 2020 was a sad day, but I appreciate your breakdown of the events leading up to the collapse.  With the recent Hubble issues and the failure of Arecibo, it highlights more than ever before how important it is to give astronomical research the funding it truly deserves. We're losing some of the world's most iconic instruments without a lot of meaningful backups at the ready. Luckily we have the James Webb Space Telescope set to launch in November and FAST already operational (which is reportedly 10x more sensitive than Arecibo). Hopefully we don't have issues in the future which threaten our ability to do this kind of science.
3, asteroid s on course 4 _____ they took out access to many satellites world wide hmmm why think peeps ?investigate
anyone ever see goldeneye???!?!?
James Bond did it. I saw him do it.
Lots of Monday morning quarterbacking,  should have moved quickly to reduce weight on the cables, ask for volunteers crews, triple their pay, double their life insurance,   install new cables to secure the weight, but alas, in the past,  funds were diverted,  someone else took over the site not knowing what to do.....these rotten professors who made such bad decisions should be hunted down,  stripped of their title credentials and hung,....one of a kind site , that should not have been lost....
Wonderful presentation with dynamic footage. well done.
"If you grew up in Puerto Rico, you are most certainly have visited this place on a field trip". So accurate.  It was one of the few places school would do field trip to...
Nah we all know someone got mad at the camping snipers and blew the support cables          Battlefield 4
They should build it back but I doubt they will.  republicans will yell and scream and call it "government overreach" and other such nonsense.
I hated chasing trevelyan on this map, then he gets you with the auto shotgun when you drop down the ladder
Battlefield 4 moment.
Love the video!!!👍👍😎
So they don't understand why the cables failed and it went down roughly 3 years after Maria.  No possibility that high winds caused some undetectable fractures?
its map from "Battlefield" the video game and in the game it collapse. The game came out before this happened.
Ah, yes, Rogue Transmission from Battlefield 4.
To detect nuclear  war heads in the upper atmosphere,  are you for real , they needed that fake peace (spell check chose that spelling , I thought  appropriate) of bullshit to find warheads 5-6 miles up , how stupid  people  are to buy such nonsense  . Oh so these sold out scientists found a use for it yeah  right ,  that is more stupidity ! They destroyed  it to keep from being  found out more than likely . Now we have cgi , computer generated images to entertain the masses with .   All the monies they wasted  and are  wasting.   Good luck we are going  to need it for the path ahead .
Doesn't the lack of margin make sense when we consider this as a military cold war project? They built it fast in an area with low risks to personnel to keep up with soviet military. There was every expectation that its utility lifetime would be limited.
Battlefield 4 predicted this. Great map
“Closing time James, last call!”
*Arecibo Telescope Collapses* ONLY IN BATTLEFIELD
Zinc is a sacrificel metal to steal, ships use it in blocks bolted on huls so the steal doesn't corrod as fast
That's one seriously lucky (or unlucky) drone footage
It failed cause the Deep state did not want Trump Contacting certain Races! Look down you will see Clueless Post!
Amazing how they caught drone footage of the failure.
What  happened
Very tragic and this telescope was featured in the Pierce Brosnan James Bond Goldeneye movie
Is no one going to mention 007?
When are that going to put one on the moon
007 finally destroys the station.
I didn’t feel the loss
All the unnatural things will crumble and disappear over time. Enough is enough.🤷🏾‍♂️
006: *For England James.*
BF4 Vibes
I lived in PR for two years back in 2001 and I remember visiting the observatory with my family. It was an incredible sight to behold.
I blame Bond, James Bond!
I think someone put C4 at the base of it
My dude it was a us army structure, im surprised it lasted this long lmfao
Welp. I feel like playing JC2
Damn James Bond
Funny how this is a map that gets destroyed in battlefield 4
It’s more like Ah-re-cee-bo as opposed to “R-cee-bo” lol.
The telescope did not provide any science that influenced "diversity" so it had to go.
What really happened was the structure was not designed to be maintained. The cables were designed in such a way that they were permanently anchored and the tension could not be released in a controlled manner to allow their periodic replacement. It was a bad design and that is ultimately what doomed the telescope to a finite lifespan. The cables should have been on winding drums to allow the tension to be relieved in a controlled fashion and individual cables replaced.
1 question: how long was it expected to last ?
Kevlar fibers and composite materials for lower mass and higher strength maybe? ~( 'w')/
Take that liberals!
Lack of maintenance. Period.
The telescope made famous by Golden Eye. That movie was epic, the opening scene was one of the best in the franchise.
Stupid question, a bunch of dudes and some c4 is the obvious answer
I know how it came down. I did it many times. You just need C4 and a ammunition crate. Then blow up the wire bases at two tower locations
I’m at UCF so I’ve known about this for months. Scientists at my university were very involved there.
Excellent presentation! Enjoyed it greatly. A tragic, but foreseeable, loss - considering all the factors involved, and the harbingers of the premature failures. Only made more so, once access was denied, by its seeming reduction to a cliche in the final structural review; "...What goes up, must come down".
Sounds like black hats or white hats
dice knew
Gravity took effect is the short of it
I wonder if the PPM (Predictive and Preventative Maintenance) records will be reviewed. My guess is when funds started getting tight, that was the first thing that started getting cut. It happens all the time.
11 people died in the building of the Golden gate Bridge, 10 in the empire state building and almost 100 in the building of the Hoover dam. In the 1950s, almost 1 test pilot was killed per week. We are living in the safe space generation and how sad it is.
You forgot to mention it was in the final scene of goldeneye
Boris: "I am invincible!"
Send up Trevelyan to get a good view from the centre.
Plot twist….. it was the drone downdraught that tipped it over the edge.
The telescope simply could not longer live with being part of a Sean Bean death scene.
Problem Solved: Weathering plus water plus rusting cables = COLLAPSE OF STRUCTURE.
Goddamn, battlefield was actually pretty spot on with how they thought this would look
I think the spelter alloy did not take hold to the steel correctly.
The Blue Berets blew it up. I saw it on X-Files.
Great video. I knew a fair amount about the telescope … science nerd … and knew of the collapse, but no details. I thoroughly enjoyed this presentation. Thank you.
Okay battlefield I see you
Putting music to your videos makes it so much harder to hear! At 9:35 I'm leaving something I was really in t arrested in knowing...why...its all muffled because of the totally unnecessary and useless background music...WHY did someone decide it was necessary?
That Place reminds me og BF4
this was heart wrenching to watch. i never worked directly with them, but my work crossed over with Arecibo every now and then. i was always amazed at the capabilities of it
just rebuild it bigger and better
Had many hours on that telescope in my younger days :)  With my N64 controller ;D
Sorry, I didn’t realize this was you.
So the chinese made a big dish just like it, and this one failed and crashed a bit after. Hmmmmmmmmm...
Wait you mean… this was a real place…oh yikes I thought it was just a battlefield 4 map
I hear that they going to build another radio telescope..where? I don't know...may be at the same location
One thing that should be noted is that Arecibo was both the biggest and one of very few facilities set up for radar astronomy (such as imaging Near-earth Asteroids), and it's loss represents a huge decrease in both the redundancy and range of radar images in the solar system.
Safety measures and implementation are very annoying and costly  to the management of any projects , therefore will try their best to push it back till is too late to even feel sorry !
somebody put c4 charges on the support cables
The loss of Arecebo was devastating to the science community, but at least we had a drone right there at the time of failure to get such amazing footage
Levolution
Aliens probably shot it down as a last-ditch effort to avoid us closing in on them 😄
I thought James bond took it down??
it was sabotaged by Aliens so we won't see them coming when they launch their full scale attack
It lasted 60 years in a highly corrosive area.  It did pretty well for a guyed structure in that environment with Hurricane force winds imo.  A safety factor of 2 is acceptable for standard structural design.  At that time I'm sure they used ASD but with cables you don't really have a design corrosion loss of steel like standard steel members.  Due too it being stranded there is much more area for the corrosion to happen.  The 60% failure is likely directly related to steel loss due to corrosion.  Today we would coat the cables or shield them (as you alluded to).  The paint is only mildly useful for corrosion in that environment.
From the cradle to your grave James.
All the battle field comments but no Just Cause 2??
It won't be replaced.  The U.S. is no longer a first world country.
My b I shot all the cables in the Chinese and the Russian spawn
Actually the drone cut the cables. That is why you don't see the beginning of the flight. It was too sad to show. 😞
I haven't worked as an engineer for decades, but to me, a factor of safety of 2 for something like this seems, at best, quite optimistic. Also, props to whoever built that last cable on the tower where the collapse first started - it held for a good few seconds after all the other cables failed, so during that time it withstood forces more than 4 times what it was designed for.
wasn't this in James Bond movie?
None of science technology benefit me except the government and the media. I'm paying for everything even in my sleep.
It collapsed cuz the drone blasted salty air on the cables...
Great analysis! But is it right, you didn't mention the earth quake briefly before the final collapse?
Rogue Transmission
The cause was lack of maintenance it seems....
Danm Maria flashbacks i didn't knew wind could sound like a trumpet or a melody while causing so much destruction
I bet you they were never thinking about adding the dish part on the bottom of it you add to wait that's nearly half of what their system is and then you redistribute that amongst the worries you'll find out that that means that the whole entire system must have been under a massive load so yeah it failing was just a matter of time
Year's of service and the imformation supplied by the dish also probably the dome going up, maybe helping out with the demise of the cabling,, all ending the way the engineering team had said,,, but thankfully no one was injured,,, rebuild it better than before,, from Northern Ireland,, great video, ☘️☘️☘️☘️☘️☘️
Bibbidi bobbidi boo here's interaction for you
That was stupid Wandalism
I hope the debris can be recycled and a greater project can happen
I live in Puerto Rico 🇵🇷 and have been there multiple times...WHAT HAPPENED?...what happens to everything in Puerto Rico...NO MAINTENANCE.
I remember that map on battlefield 4
All of this info and not once did you mention that the most iconic Bond film of all time was shot there. I feel like you left a big hole in my heart!
I worked on the movie Contact and part of it was filmed there.I walked out to the middle of it at night and smoked a joint!
Could you recommend books on structures, hydrodynamics related to the videos you have shown? And excellent videos BTW...
well clearly neither the nsf nor the university should retain control of the site since they didn't give it the necessary funding to keep the telescope in working order. because of the facilities already there and giant pile of metal in a convenient hole, an Arecibo 2 should be built there under direct nasa control. of course the new instrument platform will need to be able to be lowered for maintenance so that even with periods of low funding it doesn't collapse waiting for repairs again. having four towers would also be better because only having three means a failure of any of them is catastrophic.
Rogue transmission is real?
I've got a question about water pumps. If I had a tower out at sea, that was open to the air at the top and went all the way down to the sea bed, then I had a feeder tube about 20m meters below the surface which fed water down 250m to a turbine. Then the exit water is dropped another 250m to reach terminal velocity and power another turbine. I do this twice more so that I have electricity from 4 turbines. The water then drops to the bottom of my tower but I don't want it to start filling the tower. Is there a pump powerful enough to pump out the water at the same speed it is coming in i.e. terminal velocity? Would I be able to power it with just three of the turbines and keep the electricity from the fourth turbine thereby getting free hydroelectric power?
i had no idea this even happened until now
How much to rebuild there?
Science takes any hand-me-down or long fought purchase and drives it into the ground.  Military given shiny new equipment every year.  That is the only failure.
Having really weird Deja Vu right now
“One of the observatory’s staff was cutting… I mean flying a drone when it coincidentally happened.”
Liking this new format you started since the Suez canal jam ...
no they jus had a Battlefield 4 match there
This is clearly a cover-up. James Bond blew that thing up years ago. ""Collapsed""... Yea, ok. 👌🏼
Well considering it stood for over 60 years I think they did a pretty good job
Here is a link to the Antenna Cradle music from the N64 game Goldeneye :-) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GQZLEegUK74
TL,DR: bean counters
Skipping the first minute makes this video (and all of the others from this channel) much more enjoyable.
I remember it being difficult to kill Sean beans character in the game
Maybe Jeff Bezos can step in and fund Arecibo II
Thanks, incredible footage of the final failure glad no-one was hurt.
Never hurts to have an extra sig fig in the calculation
New soundtrack! Let's go!!!
I believe it all went to crap because Dr. Ellie Arroway lost her funds…. Anyone? 😝
My question: did it ever pick a Rogue Transmission?
Nice
I have a solution to fix that. Includes zeppelin lifting up the platform though.
Bf 4
its sad watching such a cool and important structure come crumbling down. i know it can be rebuilt but it doesn't seem that as many people value science these days.
I'm going to miss this sucker! MY "UNOFFICIALLY" hanging around and OCCASIAOLLY "chatting" with Carl Sagan at Cornell, I developed a liking for this structure and followed many of it references, AND I want to know "IF" there's going to be a replacement?
I remember going there in 2014 and it was amazing. Glad to have experienced it before the collapse
I remember a video by PBS Spacetime on Arecibo. It was really sad when everything came crashing down, seemed like a total waste, but this video feels a bit like much needed grieving.
Meanwhile in Russia... Communist Leader: Look at what Amerikanskyi have built! We must build a bigger one! Starving Citizens: Da, comrade. We build big dish! What they got: The RATAN-600, a big circle of 2 meter tall reflectors that kinda cheat the system to act like a dish, even though it's not actually a dish. It's actually a genius solution. The Soviet stamps that portrayed it implied it was one giant dish, though.
It's that damn TRex!
It's somewhat tragic to see such an amazing and iconic instrument go down like that.
this  recommended for me right after i watched BF Portal trailer. Coincident ? I THINK NOT !!
God isn’t playing. If you want to know your place in the universe and your origin READ THE BIBLE.
Will watch Contact and Goldeneye again.
I know it as a James bond set.
The snipers was camping up there so they blew it up with a frog foot.
This guy's smirk is so sly. He's up to some shenanigans!
moral to the story-dont mess with the weather, ie causing hurricans artifically (nexrad)...
Would tensegrity work?
We have the Green Bank Telescope located in Green Bank, WV.  It is new and works great.  Maybe that is enough.
Blah blah blah James Bond
"It's loss was felt across the world" I'm Just hearing about this today. =.=
James Bond dropped his pen while filming Golden Eye…. Click Boom 💥
Trevelyan was particularly upset it failed
The Engineers: "We sadly must recommend to disassemble the Telescope"   The Telescope:" I'll do it my way"
Nha, it more simplier that that, Some new guy just wanted to test the Levolution of the map
Its simple. They asked for the funding to maintain it and the idiots in budget control said no. So now we've lost one of the greatest tools in astronomy due to human stupidity.
Even though I also played the BF4 map with the Arecibo, I prefer the Golden Eye references. Still, looking at the news when this happened, made me real sad :(
Maybe the added cables was just loosely hanging around there just making more stress instead of strength as you can see inner ones (originals) gave up way sooner than those new ones.
It is amazing that there was a camera present at the exact moment of failure. What are the odds?!  Despite it being built three years before I was born, I remember being fascinated by the structure the first time I was old enough to know what I was looking at.
The US prde collapse with it, the lack of costly maintenance,neglect like it's infrastructure back home, crumbling infrastructure, is like not filling in a pothole on a highway,a decline with the whole country.the homeland country the US,all is not lost , Russia and China will keep us in touch with our Cosmo.
If they rebuild it, they should install a spooler at each tower so that they can winch down the structure for yearly repairs.
as a puerto rican myself.. i am just disappointed..
I only hope we have something similar built in the future
I live in PR, and I visited the center a few years ago. Even the scientists there told me that they were expecting a total failure because no one wanted to take care of it.  Also, it looked so damn cool and remembered me of Battlefield 4
"Are-see-bow" like it, like your video as well thank you very much. Me.... as a "Northerner from the UK" I say "arry-see-bow" were's a rough lot us Northerners.
Did a lot of packet analysis from Arecibo from 1996-2006. I almost cried the day it fell.
Jeff Bezos should’ve spend his billions on repairing this.
I live 140miles from this dish. The sea air here destroys absolutely everything.
It’s called leveloution people!!
Outstanding report! Sad loss
1:35  - "The longer you focus on an object, the more resolution you get." - No! Wrong! The better signal-to-noise ratio you get. But this is not called resolution! Certainly not a resolution! Neither spatial nor temporal. You should talk about engineering and leave the rest to people who know what they are talking about...
Nobody was hurt.... it did its job.... served its time.... but as the old saying goes..... 'What goes up, must come down'
A tank blew up some of the wires and an engineer used c4
I can hear Q saying: Now look what you have done  Double-Oh-Seven....!
go watch AVE, you will learn more than here.
Wow that drone footage is impressive. Being able to catch nearly all of the important failures without any knowledge about what was going to happen beforehand. That's an impressive drone operator.
Cut a long story short it was old and brittle
Looks like someone wanted to test out Battlefield 4 revolution in real life lol
great video
They should had dismantled the expensive stuff, repair or rebuild.
Sad part is it doesn’t seem like the govt is investing into things like this nowadays :/
It would seem this could be rebuilt into a much more powerful telescope by  adaptively deforming the reflector so all of the waves could be directed to the collector instead of just the few that arrive currently.
BF4: goddammit, Charlie did it again.
Grady, thank you so much for all your hard and inspiring work to prepare these educating clips.
I think the main issue and cause of failure can be directly pointed to lack of cable maintenance. Why didn't they change them out years ago just as general maintenance? Did they think they would last forever in that environment with increasing loads being place upon them?  I'm not the brightest bulb, but once they attached that heavy dome to it, why didn't they replace the support cables with higher load ones?
As someone who was in the constitution field for about 30 years, things don't just fail... there are other structures that use the same type of cable system that are even older and they are still standing... to me it sounds like it had help in its demise.
I do risk analysis for a living and it is discerning how much we rely on proper fabrication to underpin our evaluation and how quickly the whole analysis breaks down when you start asking “what if the pipe/steel/vessel/structure/equipment contains manufacturing defects?”
Here's to hoping they build an Arecibo II that's bigger and better than the original!
Love your videos keep up good work.
Alright, who triggered levelution dickheads
For England,James? -No,for me. Them....it colapses.
when lives, or billions of dollars are on the line, it's hard to play things too safely.   to bad none of the people who fund these things have any foresight whatsoever
Puerto Rico.  That sums it up
I don't know why I cried watching this. Maybe it was because I can relate to the hopelessness that we see every day when it comes to science in Brazil as well. I remembered the National Museum fire and I know it could've been avoided. We also tend to think the it's entirely the politicians fault (cutting funding every year), but in fact it's a cultural problem.  I can't help thinking thinking while those engineers did an amazing job with the simulations and stuff it was too late, and at some point, when the problem was still fixable, someone made the conscious decision not to do anything about it.
the commentator is absolutely right, there is no reason they could not make Arecibo a cutting edge site with the latest instruments available? And, it would be great for the people of Puerto Rico so its a win win?
is this the alien's base from the arival?
To an astronomer this sounds like a failed love story 🙁
Guess there won't be a Goldeneye remake now ☹️
This was VERY instructive.  Thank you!
I’m tired of YouTubers not pronouncing words correctly…
Good riddance, fucking snipers.
You started screwing with original design
Great video, but your voice is hard to understand at times because of all the reverb in the room. At 2M subscribers I think you should put more interest in quality of your videos...
Lack Of maintenance
Tom Scott and mat gray are probably pissing and shitting their pants.
Maybe a new telescope can be built in its place. That would be cool!
For England James?
Great explanation. Thanks!
Why didn’t the B.B.C. Tell us ?
Great video. Amazing.
20 minutes to communicate what you could have in 3 or 4 minutes
It collapsed because the funding was stopped to keep the upkeep, they waned it to fall apart.
James Bond _(Pierce Brosnan)_ couldn't destroy it..
it conducted a spontaneous unscheduled experiment to determine if gravity was still a thing...
It is AMAZING to have a drone observing the first failure point as it happens, and to have it survive.
Looking at that new Chinese structure it seems to me that redundancy should also include the towers. Pretty good idea using more than just three towers to suspend such enormous load in mid air over long time.
Merci. Votre élocution était parfaitement compréhensible.
How fortuitous to have a drone filming at the exact part of the structure as it failed and to also have also have a go pro set up in a ideal position to see the whole structure fail. A conspiracy theorist might suggest it was a controlled demolition contrary to the suggestion that it was just a coincidence.
fascinating!
You're unbelievably obnoxious
Fun fact: They made a Battlefield map out of this place.
Why did I never hear about this? I only know about it from GoldenEye. (And was it also in Contact?). Actually maybe that's why.
How long was it originally intended to serve? Ie if they thought they were only going to use it for 5 years to watch for missiles until their next project would be complete, then that would factor in to how they managed risk.
One of the largest astronomical devices in the world was "iconic" and its discoveries were "incredible"?  Alas, I only got 15 seconds in and your cliches defeated me, so I'll never know if your engineering knowledge is any better than your knowledge of English.
Looks just like BF4 when it falls too. 😂
going to be interesting what proposals NSF's workshops come up with
Everyone knows that giant white ball got dropped by a dude using c4 on some wires
LEVOLUTION
Looks like a lunar crater.
Hehe i destoyed that for years ago on my ps3
Too many people getting paid for nothing spend money on the tower problem solved
Not even gonna like, I didn’t know this telescope was a real thing and only knew it because of battlefield 4 😂
are you related to the guy on youtube channel 'Diesel Creek'..?
One less piece of hi-tech to see what’s soon coming....
I know the Pilot who is responsible for that. He changed his Nickname afterwards and is playing only on Shanghai now. Such a shame.
battlefield moment
Wow, didn't know this was built by Lionel Richie.
LEVOLUTION LEVOLUTION OOOOOOAAAA
LEVOLUTION,LEVOLUTION!!
Given it was built 70 years ago for an immediate military need and lasted for 70 years... I'd say the margin of safety was fine. If anything the issue was one of up keep and maintenance.
Awesome video!
Bond, James Bond
What do you know of puerto rico and the field trips?
Yes, Goldeneye, James Bond, Battlefield, we get it haha! Ok?!
Absolutely love these "what really happened" videos. As an engineering student they are exceedingly interesting
because the world is not enough
The topic was of my great interest but the audio is phuckdoop and you sound like a duffy fuck. I shut it off after giving your engineering some french title. This audio quality is craps. disliked it.
NOOOOO!!!! I lived my childhood on this Cradle Level
Lucky me, I climbed up the rocky mountain trail to see Arecibo in 1994 and bought the poster.
safety factor of 2 will fail over time 12 to 1 is what australia would use
I've brought down this telescope multiple times in battlefield 4.
@12:40 is when video of the collapse begins
Ah the goldeneye days
Goldeneye
It's so sad, I got to go visit it once.
They made the map from BF4 into a real thing? Cool!
I thought it was made from concrete!
Man DICE must own a time machine or something. BF4 somehow called this!
Sorry guys, i just wanted to see the levolution.
Planned demolition.. when SETI really wants to point it .
Just happened to be there huh.. .. it was planned.
I still think it was sabatoged.
I often get bored of these videos.
Bf4 guys wya
I have no SETI input now from it... From Boinc.. 🥺
Having two good quality videos of the collapse will give a lot of really important data for new structures like this down the line; Arecibo will be part of the next great telescope of its type, and its place in the zeitgeist will not fade any time soon. The forces the other cables on tower 4 probably experienced after just that first cable failure were probably massive, albeit brief. I wouldn't be surprised if that one failure was the proverbial straw that broke the camel's back - a single bad cable termination spelling the loss of one of the world's most famous scientific instruments.
I see this happen every night on Battlefield 4.
How can you mention Arecibo, without mentioning  Desdemona, Joe Merchant Trevor Kane Merchant, and  Frank Bama?  Where is Joe Merchant, by James W Buffett.  steve
So glad thisnis fake.
Bunch of moron playing smart.
Unfortunately this is representative of much of the worlds aging infrastructure.
YEAH lets piss away 10's of millions of $$ & months of computer simulations rather then get right up there & run a couple of temp wire ropes to secure the load until perm repairs are made,what a joke,people should be arrested & thrown in prison for the utter incompetence of this project management
humanity is learning megastructure maintenence ;)
space isnt real, no one can go to space. the earth is flat motionless and enclosed!!! there is not one shread of evidence we live on a ball flying through a vaccuum.  wake up zombies!! stop believing lies!
I've seen it collapse dozens of time and I was even standing on it when it collapsed, battlefield 3 was a great game
Original structure perhaps was not designed with ease of maintenance in mind. Like complete removal and replacement of main cables.
That one guy on battlefield
I grew up in Puerto Rico. I now live in the US. My first visit to the telescope was as a kid on a field trip. Never forget it. I later visited several time as an adult bringing my own kids almost every time I visited the island. It was like a punch in the gut that takes you air away when I heard and later saw it fall. It was and still is heart breaking. What a tragic loss.
Levelution that's what happened
Battlefield predicted this
Great video. Love your content. Very interesting. Keep it up!
Any idea how much additional stress the structure underwent during the hurricane?
I was sad to see it go, as I was one of the many persons who let them use my computer to Analise the information brought in by this telescope.
I don't think it's a coincidence
The Arecibo Telescope must be replaced with Arecibo Telescope 2.0
I'll investigate it for 3B and clean it up for an additional 17b
Flying a drown at the time of failure ... that's a lie from the pit of hell , it was trashed on purpose
Let it fall it's a waste of money
Another government failure
Jeez battlefield called this would happen
battlefield 4 moment
I use plastic coated cables in Post Tension Foundations! Which I install all the time employed in a wet environment and have massive windings in the same. This is a obvious swap open to the environment.  Out of all choices only the most reliant available at the time. it seems to me out of all renovations I would only go with over 60% at best.
So sad that the Arecibo radio telescope, the ears to the Universe and one of the prides of Puerto Rico, collapsed. Cornell University ran it for many years. The movie Contact with Jodie Foster was filmed here on location, as well as scenes for Golden Eye. Better maintenance would have saved it from deteriorating.
12:31 - Summary: The telescope was beginning to fall apart due to age. It was decided to demolish it instead of attempting what would have been potentially dangerous repair efforts. But before the demolition could take place several more support cables broke causing a cascade total failure.
So sad!!
Labourers are disposable, engineers reputations are not. They should have just sent a bunch of labourers out there to fix it
It was a Chinese special ops team.  They want astronomers to use their new radio telescope, not Arecibo.  simple as that
battlefield 2042 lookin great
Damn someone really set off the levolution
I just COSMOS about this a few hours ago and it’s so hard to believe it happened not too long ago
I’ve seen this thing destroyed like 1000 times before. Bf4 was truly a game ahead of its time
When you have balanced cables and backstays, what direction is the force on the tower? It seems like it should be straight down but that doesn't feel right
That's a conspiracy theory. Everyone knows James Bond and Boromir destroyed it trying to save the world.
Just like everything else in Puerto Rico..... Falling apart.
I was able  to visit it right after they finished the construction of it in the early 60's.  My Dad and our family lived on the Air Force BAse North West of it on the tip of the island.(Ramey AFB Now Hernandez Airport)  We were on the Island during the Cuban Missle Crisis and  when Kennedy was assinnated too.  I was amazed at the shear size of the thing and the small village that lived under it after it was first built.  Figure they evacuated that village when things started to fail on it.  So sad to see it had failed and fell.  Hope they build a better lighter one on that sight.  It taught us so much about our universe.
Now how am I gonna phone home?
This is based off the battle field four map
This is tension vibration damping challenge.  (Im thinking it would have come down anyway without a way to divert the reverb)
Battlefield 4 players know it's because someone shot the wires.
Growing up in PR, I was always proud that we had such an important scientific tool in our small island. Thank you for making this amazing video detailing everything.
Swing on over to new party hangout at the even larger satellite in China.
Chinese government destroyed it so world has to rely on their scope
Wasnt this a bf4 map?
As a physics graduate, who's degree work included some of the Arecibo results and discoveries, it was genuinely heartbreaking to see this fall.  I'm very glad nobody was hurt when it did, and the engineers absolutely made the right call to recommend it's demolition instead of risking lives to save it, but it's a bit like seeing Big Ben or the statue of liberty collapse.  End of an era, and a sad and sudden demise of a wonder of the scientific world.
As RCE might put it: effing architects. I kind of want to see him react to this video.
Battlefields 4 👀
Wow, terrific video.  First time I heard of it was when it collapsed.  Some folks said it had worn out its usefulness anyway as there is other, more modern, instrumentation to do what Arecibo did.  I don’t know if that’s true or not but it definitely seems to have made a wonderful contribution.
Wow, I had no idea that this had happened. I'm surprised I didn't catch it anywhere on YouTube when it happened.
I literallly thought this was a fictional structure made up by the writers of 007's Goldeneye 🙈😅  Joking aside: God bless, good Karma, and well wishes to those engineers setting up safe zones...they truly saved lives sensibly and pre-emptively
Cables on sight in a hostile environment for 50+ years. And they wonder why it failed? Holding how much weight?
Great video
Great information!  I'm sure that fatigue has some part to play in it. When you design with a factor of safety of 2 you are already going to be approaching it's long term fatigue strength, and when you add up the number of cycles of stress due to wind over 50 years, and then you add the load of the vertical stabilizer lines, it becomes a recipe for disaster. The sad part is that many bridges around this country are going to have the same problem, because they are allowing them to rust heavily and they are being weakened until they will fall soon. Judging by the amount of rust that I have seen on a bunch of bridges, I would not be surprised if we start seeing major collapses in 5 years, maybe less.
Battlefield 4 predicted this.
Seems like they should have built a system for  remotely lowering it safely for repairs
I see this as a positive thing. It's been up since the 60's and a LOT has changed since then. While it was functional, it would have been hard to justify another telescope in its wheelhouse and the improvements were limited in what was possible based on the initial build. Now we've got an empty site and a gap of coverage to work within. I hope we see a replacement soon!
Lack of $$$$$$ and neglectful upkeep of gantries and equipment and dish  SHAME
How about replacing the suspended elements with an aero static platform? A blimp tethered precisely like an oil drilling platform.
SW-Germany is waving a hand! 73's de Your Friend Uncle Guenter
Battle field 4 predicted this, except people destroying the cables were the cause
drone pilot probably thought he chopped the wire lol
the reason it fell is because they are now communicating with the aliens in person...
old age killed it
This wasn't a Bf4 video?
Leveloution is a natural part of life
Hmm battlefield 4
Bond, James bond
Another excellent presentation, thank you.
For England, James?
Satellite falls apart   Bf4 players: Its showtime
fantastic video
It’s a shame when the first backup cables were added that they didn’t or were able to remove part of the structure. Maybe the Gregorian Dome could of been safely lowered temporary on to I-beams to hold it above the dish! It’s sucks that this iconic landmark was allowed to deteriorate to the point of failure, seems like a lot of historical stuff is allowed to go this way!
I hope Sean Bean wasn't around when it came down.
Does anyone know the name of the song that plays from 0:43 to 0:55?
“We present to you are new technologies in the frostbyte3 engine. Levelution”
I saw like a million comments about James Bond and not a single one about Contact, which is quite telling. Lmao.
I see the engineer standing on the cables was using those super expensive invisible harness and rope systems...fancy!
The astronomy-loving side of me just died inside. This is awful!!!!! It was a majorly important telescope in the eyes of the astronomy community. It was seen almost like a giant ear, it could "hear" things other telescopes couldn't pick up. I learned many years ago exactly WHY it was, but I can't remember now. I'm so glad the accident was foretold and that no one got hurt, though. Hopefully it can be rebuilt relatively quickly.
Wow....i used to play this map in BF4
Personally, I blame this on Dr Drumland.
Wow, that footage would be in so many studies from here on.
Bunch of teenagers in tanks took out the cables one by one 😝😝 If you know you know
We should build a new, larger observatory from scratch somewhere n the American desert west where salt air isn't an issue and it can be easily maintained and upgraded over time.
I'm a wire rope fabricator. Super interesting learning about this
🤔 why doesn’t the US govt convert Meteor Crater into a radio telescope
I’m thinking James Bond. Is that right?
Super interested for you to release something on the Florida building collapse.
I had no idea this happened. Soo sad! I hope your right & they replace it with something just as big & grand.
For England James. Ahhhh
4:47 didn't know Freddie Mercury worked on it
Them geniuses should had replaced all cables ASAP. Arecibo definitely was worth more than a dozen lives.
Damn Levolutioners... Goddamn Engineer Class.
Excellent video.  Thank you!
So an improperly attached cable and a 60 year old backup broke. The second one should have been expected  Kinda fishy though that they were taking funding from it for so long and then someone just happens to be flying a drone nearby the failure when it happens
Some guy put some c4 on the cables
Does this remind anyone else of battlefield 🤣
I’m going to watch “Contact” now ):
The engineers made the right call. Unlike the bean-counters of the last 30 years.
My first question is, what was the life expectancy of the telescope when it was first designed and built? Secondly, like you have mentioned, perhaps the design team did not put corrosion into consideration. Either way, it was a great loss to science and human history.
C R A N E
Elevators use a safety factor of 11 for public relations purposes, not because any engineer honestly believes that's necessary.  People were scared to death of elevators, early on.  Absurd over-engineering was part of the way they convinced people to use them.
So many Bond references here. Did nobody play Battlefield 4?
Yeeeeeee!
Phenomal summary
BF4 Predicts the future???
So many video games have that cgi of th telescope breaking (2 I can recall)
Someone needs to go drop into it on a skateboard now that it's all messed up.
To me this is legitimately tough video to watch but I'm very glad I did.  I think most people in here in the island mourned the loss and for me it felt extra painful considering I live less than half an hour away from it, I have memories of the many many many times we thought about going but decided to go somewhere else because "it's right besides us, we can go whenever" and yet I can only remember actually visiting the facilities a handful of times.  Man I remember going to a worldwide robotics competition during high school and a kid saw we were from Puerto Rico and asked us if we knew about Arecibo, when we told him that we are from Arecibo God his face lit up like he had just seen Santa he told us about wanted to be an astrophysicist and how much he wanted to use the tools that were only in that observatory, frankly I don't know why he wanted to ask us when he knew more about it than we did.  I also know multiple professors from very far away who knew no Spanish and struggled with English but lived here anyway because their research relied on the tools at the observatory.  I cried a lot when it collapsed and honestly I'm crying a bit as I write this, it really was an incredible place.
I was there many years ago I was about 35 I was so impressed by the size of it, I did hate the drive there small roads and winding around the hills
Bond did Arecibo
I had no idea this happened! No news about it. It's definitely toast!
Thank you for this very interesting and even MORE informative presentation. The structure, itself, was an amazing bit of engineering and derring-do construction from a time in our history when that was not all that unusual. After all, we were taking WWII technology and building new machines derived therefrom to use to send men to the moon. What is surprising is that all of that added structure and weight were added to the original structure with a minimalist approach to re-enforcing the original structure to support it. That is continued to stand for as long as it did thereafter is a testament to the strength built into the original design. It is noteworthy that the  Chinese decided to build one that is 60% larger in diameter. Is there a need for this kind of technology today or are there better, more efficient and sensitive technologies that could do as well or even better at a lower cost of construction and operation?
It was sabotage.  A conspiracy by rogue agents of the CIA and Mossad.
Fatigue Failure.
Battlefield 4 vibes? 😳
Steel fatigue
This shows slow decision result
Next time hire eeoc consulting engineers.  That'll fix it.
These Battlefield 4 map evolutions are getting CRAZY
Who saw this and thought of Battlefield 4?
Thank you for covering this, very palatable analysis!
What really happened to the telescope? There were too many snipers on the towers so the teams destroyed the cable connections
Guys they made the battlefield 4 map in real life
hello !
What if it lasted 80 years or 100 years and then broke? Would that be better with less whining and  finger pointing? Let's build another one - bigger and better.
I wonder if the upgrades in 1997 could have possibly lead to the failure. I know next to nothing about engineering. Just a thought from a YouTuber.
How am I finding out about Arecibo collapsing just now?!
Ah aricebo. Where Alec met his demise.
Summer going into my sophomore year I read Contact because I was bored out of my mind. Didn't think I would like it, but I absolutely loved it.   When I went into my honor's physics 2 add-on (a separate 1 credit class), I wrote my essay about radio telescopes and did a presentation about it. Few weeks later, the telescope collapsed. I also got a B in the class. Fuck this telescope.
Not as many Battlefield 4 references here as I thought there’d be.
Damnit, Bond.
You may see it as a loss, as a bf4 player I see it as a win
007 Goldeneye
Makes you wonder how many of the skyscrapers in America are going to fall down very soon. 🙄😳
As a Puerto Rican, Im ashamed how my government let that thing rot to the point where here we are... Trump was roght when he said the government here are a bun h of id*ots.
ANCIENT ALIEN THEORISTS SAY THE E.TS DID IT SO DARPA CANNOT TRACK THEM FROM DEEP SPACE.
easy james bond was fighting on it
Hey I have good news 😊 today's the director of the Arecibo observatory inform on local TV that the work cleaning the area is done whit some exptions and that the Arecibo observatory will be open ( the Museum, and some work Will continue whit the 11 meter disk antenna also some scientific research that was in hold ) they Will Repair and make it more modern ( sorry China we will be back better and whit more technology the Arecibo observatory ) he said that they will need 400,000 millions to make a Newer version of it " well is time to star helping with some $$$...I will have a talk whit some people in are Private fundacion  in Nevada and see if we can help resing some $$$ of the Arecibo observatory here in Puerto Rico I will up date whit news when we have some
Pretty sure battlefield 4 took it down.
This is yo momma’s contact lens.
Since All Warheads are now on satellites  and can make contact within 5 minutes, it's obvious old systems like this are no longer needed. We can destroy ourselves so much faster no with no hope of stopping it! Just Great.
James Bond did it.
I’m glad to hear that the recommendations of the engineers were heeded.  Unlike, the warnings issued to NASA by the Morton Thiokol engineer who advised that, due to too low ambient launch temperatures the Challenge shuttle not be launched in 1986.  He was ignored which more than tragically cost astronaut lives.
I’m glad I got to see it before it was gone.
I seen this only from btf4 1500hr of game play
I think you should ask the battlefield players for what really happened.
Came here cuz the place reminded me of Battlefield 4
So Health and Safety destroyed it ...
Suurre. We all know what really happened. Goldeneye.
Levolution happened
Rogue Transmission! The inspiration for the bf4..even collapsed the same way
Looking for Soviet missiles to shoot them down isn’t peaceful?
I definitely visited it on a field trip.  So sad to see it go down.
I belive it was a criminal hand involved in this "incident". What was the reason for that? We will find out in the futer....everything will came out to the light eventualy!
Man do I love Grady's Videos
Levolution
What about "insufficient funding" needs an explanation?
There's something about your videos I find perfect. Thanks Grady :)
Damn someone triggered the leveloution
The question I have is do metal wires under stress lose strength overtime as it ages along with natural factors?
I, as one, think that the important thing now....is to rebuild it....and since we have really good computer modeling now, and much higher quality of material to build it out of ( I for one did not like the way they did the ends of the cables ) and!! I would "for sure" have used stainless steel for the support cable's, with a redundancy of 3.5-to-4. After all when you build something like that radio telescope you really don't want it to be falling down in sixty years or so, now would you !! Michael said that. Bye for now my friends.
Great explanation.
They should slap a new lightweight gregorian dome up there on it's own that can be lowered during inclement weather. Or a new omnidirectional antenna ring with some beefy digital signal processing.
It was probably a couple dudes with c4 just trying to get rid of some snipers.
Really?!?!? After almost 60 years?!? After increasing the load by nearly 50%?!? After many reductions in funding meant that periodic maintenance and inspections were left to slide? When the one place that was supposed to be our **NATIONAL** support for the sciences and Arecibo dropped the ball and left it to a University to pick up the slack?!? They had very likely reduced that "margin of safety" down to 1 or even less and then you slap it with sea air corrosion and facing ever increasing yearly hurricanes, the likes of which were probably never considered back in the '50's & '60's... to be quite honest, the fact that it lasted so long after increasing the weight, less inspection, and more violent storms is a testament to the engineers of the time doing everything with slide rules and estimations.  There are bridges that were built later with better technology and facing gentler conditions that have not survived so well... To me the travesty of the loss of Arecibo rests squarely on the shoulders of the National Science Foundation who quite thoroughly "screwed the pooch in regards to their federal mandate.  But what do we expect of institutions more interested in lining their own pockets with grift and waste? Too bad their salaries didn't depend on the quality and usefulness of their "work"... maybe we would still have a telescope rather than falling further behind the rest of the world.
wow great video
Chinese product
Real reason is cause 64 battlefield players placed c4 on the structure
If they were to sell pieces, I’d buy one in an instant. I hope that will be considered when they start to demo.
Like many other mid century constructed wonders, it is now only a memory..
This is so sad, it wasn´t just a radio telescope, for me it´s an piece of technological art. After presented in so much movies and documentations, it´s really sad to see it go down like this :(
Battlefield coming to life.
... or the aliens just got tired of humans spying on them and shot it down with an invisible laser beam.
battlefield4
if you think youve seen this before but cant figure out where, it was also recreated on battlefield 4
Well BF4 called it.
What is the purpose of the word 'really' in the title? Why didn't you use the word 'actually'? What is the difference between: "What Really Happened at the Arecibo Telescope?" and "What Happened at the Arecibo Telescope?"?
I hope they rebuild it!
its not colaps it was dismanteld for safty sick of tis lies sorry am dislektis dut ju now
Why did it fail? One word...PLANNED.
Yes miss moneypenny
Im glad they managed to stop the Goldeneye from activating.
What's the big deal? Just reload the map.
2.0 static load safety is pretty good for an unmanned structure. I'd hazard a guess though, that they didn't adequately calculate the dynamic loads, which made the steel cables mechanically age.
you'll never beleive me but what really happend is this military guy put some c4 on the supports then blew it up
I wonder if the shock load to the system from the first cable snapping caused damage to the rest of the contraption
Anyone else think this was Chinese sabotage?
I'll never forgive Sean Bean for this.
LEVOLUTION!!!!!!!!!!!!
It held for almost 60 years, and made without computer modeling and rigorous testing. If that is not impressive I dont know what is.
Come on we all no it was a noob with c4
Battlefield 4 players: wait a minute I’ve seen this one before
Too cheap to maintain equipment that what  happens.
Who saw the thumbnail and instantly thought of the bf4 map?
...and one by one the beams holding up the dark tower at the center of it all broke. And in the end, the great tower fell
It amazed me to see Battlefield 4 do this time and time again in a game and then it happened.
im pretty sure james bond blew it up . i remember , i saw that movie.
BF4 levolution be like
It couldn't stand the thought of Biden as president so it committed suicide.
BF4 is set in 2020 and has a similar telescope that also gets destroyed This happened in 2020 BF4 IS REAL
its was a good place to visit
Was Sean Bean underneath it at the time? That would have been ironic lol
“One does not simply destroy the Arecibo”
Ah yes, the Battlefield 4 map. I don't see any snipers camping up there though...
It was sabotaged , that’s my take .
I guess we won't be communicating with the aliens, then.
If you've visited Puerto Rico and seen how the inhabitants maintain their island, this collapse makes a lot more sense.
the earth is intrasant. so are the lies that are still much intrasant there. and that construction is very bizarre. people stop lying. there is quite a bit going on above us ... and that thing saw too much up there . staring viewers close ezo ......... sooner or later the truth will come out .......
Thank you cold war for being one of the main driving forces of science
If they don't rebuild it they'd probably never needed it in the first place
“Full squad on E tower”
They need to build a super massive satalite and telescope combo.
Tl;dr: it fell
A Battle Field match took place at that moment.
Obviously my squad just cut the wires dude sorry bout that though...
battlefield 4 did it first....
Rogue transmission
So this is definitely the one from Battlefield 4 right?
Golden eye..
Looks like the countersink flange went out on the CD-7 unit multiplier, knocking out hydraulic torque to the electric heat riser. Most countersink flanges will experience hydraulic torque leak throughout their less than 7,000 RQMs. Especially when coupled with the double-flux lumen switcher. But with Wilson Countersink Flanges and Dorry Flanges, hydraulic torque is allowed to bypass the settling clutch, providing steady wall pressure to the lug manifold and all the seismic rotors. And that goes for 7,000 RQMs, 8,000 RQMs, even up to 10,000 RQMS. That’s right! 10,000! CD-7 should be able to handle vacuum-kickback on all 22 blossom valves! Now, if I could just get my kid to mow the lawn!
i dont understand why this channel hasnt covered the surfside tower collapse. far more relevant. and well recent
Not even local news has covered the event as accurate and depth as this video.
Yeah,  the engineers were looking as the first cable failed, then de second one, and all they've done was doing computer models. Of course they were payed high wages for doing NOTHING. There are way more dangerous jobs in structural engineering than just replacing 2 cables and those jobs are done every day, now they couldn't do it because it was... dangerous. Engineers my ass. Let me tell you what the problem was: the praised engineers were payed just for being there, not for fixing the structure. So they couldn't  care a fuck, they took what they thought it was the risk-free decision. Well, the structure failed on them anyway. Thats how stupid they were.
Its called lack of maintenance thus the telescope exceeded its life expectancy.
Such a great video Brady thanks for sharing!
I commented on some pictures of the telescope on Twitter once that I didn't realize what a flimsy piece of junk the telescope was and I got berated for it (which I ignored) and I think it was a few months later the telescope collapsed. I pointed it out to my berater of course who just wanted me to go away. 😉
James Bond and Alec trevelyan brought it down that’s what happened!!
they made map in battlefield 4 into a real thing
Really, or Washington the goverment something I out there and they do t want us to know.
It is the place where they heard my father for the first time. Satan lives and is here now.
If no one was hurt during the deconstruction, it's a success. If the deconstruction was planned ahead, it's a great success.
What really happened?  Negligence   The end
It's really just because America stopped funding science and needs to fund bullshiet so the rightie Trumpers can steal all the tax money and build their dictatorship. Jan 6th folks.
I thought this telescope failed when James Bond put a wrench in the gears when he was fighting 006 in Goldeneye.
R.I.P Cradle
And there's me thinking it was the fault of Trevelyan.
The strain on those (near) horizontal wires must have been huge. With stress corrosion and daily temperature changes, failure becomes a certainty. The huge shame is that nobody bothered to plan for replacement structural elements.
Battlefield 4
Why the downvotes?
UCF in Orlando is massive. It's so big it is basically a city. Would make sense that they had the money to buy it.
today static forced are based on another system  in the 60ies there was only one safety factor added in the calculation (i.e. 10 % load) nowadays in calculations the sem-probabilistic system is used as safety the material is tested in an institute - the value at which 5 % of the tests fail the load is used for the calculation the load in the calculation is defined as 95 % of the maximum possible load of the structure (wind + weight + earthquake + snow, ....) therefore the probabilty for failure is lower  but in the end i think it was human error (maintenance)  sorry for my bad english
Aliens disliked the video
@12:20
Let’s spend millions on a 60 year old inadequate piece of technology to investigate why the obvious happened. Hurricanes, corrosion, time, cheapest bids on parts and lack of maintenance including patch jobs instead of engineering it to new standards.
What about  911 ?
Today's words are: "We can't do it - it's too risky - there's no money - we don't have the testicular fortitude our fathers and grandfathers' had...."
some levelution that
Bf4 🤘😎
Cables from the 50s is the reason. Nothing can last 70 years without degrading.
Didnt james bond blow it up to save the world, it was a good sacrifice. Lol
I'm gonna gas it's salt and age of the metal ropes
Reminds me of rouge transmission on battlefield 4 😂😂
In all fairnes 60 years in those conditions with minimal funding is very respectible. If we really valued this structre the cables should have been replaced 30 years or so ago when we already knew more about fabricating cables and safety. Especially when they added 50% mass to the thing.  It's a damned shame it went down, really. But it's another demonstration that we rather invest out money in dumb shit ("space tourism....") than actual science. Because science isn't "sexy"  :(
i dont like cable structure
Maybe seismic activity?
Location location location.
My heart breaks every time Arecibo comes up 💔 But Practical Engineering is awesome, so I'll just grab a box of tissues & watch 😭
Even aliens don't like being tracked.
To be fair, the structure was retrofit to optimize it's scientific roles a couple times over.  They took measures where they could, but it was working with what they had.
Who else came here because of battlefield 4
BS, there are cable structures far older than this still in everyday use that will be around for a long time yet.  When they bind cables for this type of structure they put in a safety factor of two which means twice as much cable is used than is ordinarily needed, this has been industry practice for over a hundred years.  The fact they also had a drone filming the pylon that the cable failed on at the exact moments it went is a unlikely given the drones limited flight time.  More likely it's an insurance job or something similar, follow the money and I'm sure it'll make more sense.
deleted scenes from golden eye
because a recon placed c4 on the wires and triggered the levolution
I spent Two Decades in Heavy Rescue and We Used a Safety Factor of 9 in all of Our Cable Rescues.
Lazy Puerto Ricans, everyone relax I'm Puerto Rican too btw.
Rats.
It fell and it broke that's what happened🙃
I still do not understand why they didn't use a single tower in the center to support all of this.  If it was simply offset a little it would have did the same task.
Vary good synopsis of the event.  Thank you.
I live in Arecibo Puerto Rico. One thing you didn't mention is that on the south  part of the island (in Ponce to be exact) from December 2019 to March 2020 tectonic plates got very active. I work on the other side of the island and felt those quakes, they surely where felt there too.   A side note: I've been to the telescope on multiple occasions, even know people there, because I wanted to work there. Sadly an ear problem gets me dizzy on the moving platform and wasn't able to get job because of it for security reasons. Anyway, I have a radar picture of Venus the last time I was there for a second interview, one of the personal saw me very enthusiastic and showed me all kinds of projects being done. There he saw my keychain had a pendrive, and said, give me that, plug it in (that was brave or stupid, imagine me being a malicious person, or just having a virus unknowingly) and game me that picture. it was my wallpaper for 5 or so years. I still have it by the way.
It's fall is ssymbol of USA decline
James Bond destroyed it.
Is the smoke drifting to the left of the screen prior to separation, is that cable strands breaking on the back side or what? There is an awful lot of dust and smoke involved. I realize that was a lot of force released at once. It is evident from the way the cable in back of the tower just spins apart.
I'm going to take a stab at this and guess it collapsed because lake of service maintenance and investment . It was pretty much a forgone conclusion it would collapse .
Neglegance in inspecting and repairing and maintenance of the telescope is why I fell
It collapsed cause some dudes with snipers were camping on top of it and some random dude who had enough decided to blow up the foundations.
Having this in the Battlefield 6 related videos was the YouTube algorithm flexing on us.
Of course china had to copy it 🤣
Maybe continual cycles of expansion and contraction caused friction and cut through the outer diameter wires?
Is this iconic structure/scientific tool going to be replaced or is China mightier than the U.S.?
I built my first computer with new parts in 2004 and immediately ran SETI@home, with data from Arecibo. A year later, I had a "potential". My fondness for radio telescopy has never wained, but hearing news of the failures to Arecibo, I lived in denial until now.
It is good that it crashed. Trying to bother about it would have cost significcantly more than just building a new one. Just bad that it happend while people were on sight. Could have ended bad.
There are two types of people in this comment section. James Bond Fans and BF4 fans.
Man i remember this from 007 and thougjt man it would be sick to skate there
i guess on  big cable would have been better. or a triangle of rope with side strands to the platform. but i'm just a joiner or carpenter . don't mind me.
Makes me wonder about the structural integrity of suspension bridges such as the Golden Gate Bridge.
It would make sense to design the telescope more like delta 3D printer with actuators in the towers, so you can safely lower the receiver to some kind of landing pad next to the reflector to remove the tension from cables and be able to do the maintenance safely.
This is an emblem of government waste. The United States waste Billions of Dollars sending spacecraft to explore Mars and paying hundreds of scientist to monitor their craft.
Everyone knows that some cheeky bugger with credit blew up the thing to stop snipers from camping way up on the little suspended bit
Was a really cool ride in the jungle to see it
I teared up when the Arecibo Telescope collapsed and was disappointed, but not surprised, at the lack of news coverage it received.  I hope they're able to replace it with something even more spectacular, useful, and better engineered.
All I see is Pierce Brosnan running across the platform
There was some US soldier who drove around the place with an ATV  planting c4 charges on the support beams or what ever the those things are called  He apperently crushed few russian soldiers with that
Battlefield levolution
Zinc bars are attached to steep ships as sacrificial anodes. Just what did the engineers believe would happen when pouring molten zinc into a steel socket surrounding a steel cable and exposed to the salty air/moisture in the telescope's location? The cable termination socket was the sacrificial anode.
2:19 Looks like the Bodybuilder-Pose
You just had to open up a barely scabbed wound, damn you.
remember the radio telescope use to be a nice place to go. I born in Arecibo, did not it was damage. Wow
For England, James?
StunGravy happened
rip iconic place. 007
I learned about the radio telescope from The Weekly Reader in grammar school along with The Glomar Challenger..some things you just never forget. It was a scientific instrument with a limited effective life that yielded cosmic understanding. Still it was epic. Peace
BF4 players: this is part of the map what do you care about
Anorher great video I am enjoying the different video topics its a pleasant change every now and again
Jeez imagine what would have happened if there were people brave enough to go up there to attempt repairs.
Trevelyan "For england James" Bond "no for me"
Hey it's rogue transmission!
It hold like a boss with countless hurricane's. Sad to see it gone. Mean while corrupt politicians getting doubled of $. When they could repair that.
The question was never really could it have been done safely. You would never have been able to repair it safely. That was always going to be a high risk job even if they had the safety margin the engineers wanted. Some jobs just aren't safe and this would have been one of them. The question was always going to be the cost to repair it. They didn't want to spend the money and spent too much time analyzing it.   1) It doesn't look like there was an easy way to replace the cables until they broke. Why did no one think of a way to replace the cables while in place when the telescope was designed? 2) It wasn't hard to see that after that first cable broke that the possibiity of one of the other cables could very well fail. The forces on the other cables when the platform dropped would have overloaded their max weight. If they were going to fix it they should've installed a new cable immediatly 3) Were there no emergency cables stored onsite so one could be replaced immediatly if one broke? If not then why not? It seems like common sense to have at least one or two replacement cables onsite just in case one broke.   These are just a couple of things engineers should consider if they plan on replacing this telescope with a new one. Hopefully they do. There are still a lot more discoveries to be made.
There is no "practical" way anyway
Just here tryna find the one flatearther comment lol
hey! you're wearing the same shirt I'm wearing lol
They rolled the wrong dice.
It was government own. No wonder it's in ruins
The time to fix it or refurbish it was 10 years before.
they found life and the military, didnt want the truth to get out
What really happened at the Arecibo telescope? Me going around the map in a dune buggy placing c4 on the cables: dunno wind probably
007 was there
Iconic structure for humanity v_v It is very unfortunate this is how it served the last of its life.
what a waste of money quit chasing( space) nothing out there.its funny spending money on this ,but if you wanted as much money to explore god or Jesus ,they would-say it was crazy . right ,who’s crazy now? joke science crap
"For England, James?"  "No. For me."
The observatory should sell pieces of the telescope as a way to help fund clean up  and future projects. Id love to have a piece in my home.
If only the preventive maintenance program included replacement of the load bearing cables every 10 or 15 years it would have been okay. But most likely the operations budget would not allow for it...... When building, no costs are spared, when in operations it is all about bottom line.....  Nice video. Thx.
Thank you.  So sad.  Excellent visual aids.  Glad no one was injured.
After all the storms that were engineered hit I’m sure she was ready to collapse. Great video though other than not hitting the key point on why it really collapsed.
Amazing engineering,  this stuff just blows my mind!
The aliens blew it up
Hype reel for BF6
levolution happened to it
I'm 2 and half minutes in and if i hear Are-cibo one more time i'm out and never coming back.
I am not a scientist ,not even an amature astronomer, I do stare at the stars and dream of a future out there and can even name a few stars etc, but it is a strange thing that the news of the loss of Arecebo sadened me so much, maybe my age but ive sort of know of that telescope for a long time, just from TV science documenaries and Syfy, and watching the collapse is terrible.  I do think that over the years the trust in suspension cable has been higher than the method deserves judging by the number of bridges that presently suffer cable issues long before they should have, so questions not assuming we know the answers should be the way. Nice to have this explanation of the why's and wherefores of the collapse, thanks. I look forward for good news on it's phoenix like rebirth, soon.
As with most things maintained by "government," and Puerto Rico is as corrupt as it comes, the funds for 'Arecibo' were used for many things, but not that telescope.
Why did it collapse? A.  Conspiracy: something was detected that governments didn’t want the public aware of.   B. Business: the people or group responsible for funding the site no longer wanted to and needed a way out.   C.  Engineering: age, corrosion and stress combined with additional weight from dome  all contributed to the inevitable.    D.  Most people: Well shit happens…
I have played BF4 for many years, seeing it collapse for real is sad.
Bf4 predicted
amazing video as always.
largest iconic garbage pile
How much did the CIA pay for this cover up lol
pretty sure James bond used it to kill sean bean actually
Peirce Brosnan and 006 lmao shean bean?  Lol i think his name is.
Either way. Watching it explode an fall was far more entertaining than any amount of radioactive pictures it made
@16:30 it was originally made for the detection of nukes 2x was fine for that
This guy talking sounds like drake rapping.
Neglect. You are welcome
So Basically Just Cause in Real Life but with no explosions.
It was research for battlefield 4.
"For England, James?"
R-Cee-Bow
The aliens finally made it :D
I swear I didn't mean to crash my heli there, I was just trying to get to Objective D!
No wander why we couldn't see it
I just returned from Puerto Rico its a shame , I would have loved to visit and see it
It collapsed. That's what happened.
Кто так строит
I bet it didn’t naturally fail but someone with too many hours in bf4 brought it down
Love me some SAP2000
All the comments for BF4... None for Goldeneye... 😒
Was Sean Bean underneath it?
The Florida pool pump motor bearing repair guy approved ! that was good info
Never thought battle field 4 could look so realistic
At 12:59 why there is black lifting strap (looks new) wrapped around cable (which suddenly broke when drone was above it) ? And there is also shackle in end of strap. Was it used to cause stress on wire??
i know this observatory from 007 : Goldeneye
Alec Trevelyan (aka Janus, aka 006) did it! *Change my Mind!*
Man Im giving you a like just for that intro song. Good show.
Wow, I knew it had been having troubles but not that it had fallen. A bit sad but the reality is that it was magnificent considering the time. Now is the time time build Arecibo 2!
Was this the map on battlefield 4
"For England, James?"
Nice video.
At 12:30...soooooo basically we're a buncha bitches worrying about OSHA type guidelines, instead of real men like the people who built it in the first place, so we let it fail.
60 years was commendable for such a structure. Sad to see it collapse, but that was also really interesting to listen too.
现在我们知道了这个是豆腐渣工程，这个望远镜底部早就锈掉了……
kids: talk about Battlefield 4 men: Goldeneye flashbacks are numerous
Did they consider the heat? It’s fucking hot there perhaps the heating and cooling over decades degraded the integrity
Goldeneye players: Cradle any1??
Rogue transmission
Very interesting.   Still hard to believe its gone.
James Bond went and blew it up.
I've seen this vid somewhere before.....
Excellent snd and enlightening presentation!
Newton knows why
BF4 predicted the future Unfortunately, no jet pilot rende-whiplashed another jet in real life
I thought it collapsed in the 90's? Also i have a strange nostalgia about this place, even tho ive never been there.
I'm sure this thing was in a james bond film?
Nothing is properly maintained because US gov has cut most of the grants to fundamental research projects. With the computing power today, it's much simpler to build a telescope with phased arrays. So the Chinese strategy is a little out of date.
Bad worksmanship and cut corners in puerto rico. unheard of.
Did you now watch Goldeneye? that was a foreshadowing of what  was to come
It's Warranty must have Expired
Poor Trevelyan, died for nothing.
Now I got you in my sights with a Goldeneye!
Basically it was old
Extreme heat powdered.
this really hurt because i've actually been there and it was breathtaking to see in person
We Puerto Ricans are overjoyed this abomination is destroyed. We never approved this in the first place, but America its going to America.
You wanna know what happened? Support players used their c4 to blow the damn thing up. They got tired of the pesky recon snipers camping up there.
I grew up in lares was born in Arecibo never did see the telescope my loss love all this space stuff 💔😢
It's a shame that the one iconic contribution of mans' exploration of space represented by a small Caribbean nation was left to rot and collapse.
I loved this battlefield map. RIP
Nature recalling the land…
Wasn't a James Bond movie filmed there?
Such an old device is like a old car. Regular maintaining is nessery to keep it alive. Why  were damaged, instable ropes not replaced with new ones?
Janus dropped a grenade
I blame 006
Metal Fatigue
If the technology of the scope is still relevant rebuild it. If not go back to the drawing board and reexamine the relanvancy. It also made a good Bond movie. Cheers for science going forward.
Wasnt it James Bond that "blew" it up to save the world from space lazers? 🤔🤔🤷‍♂️. Case solved😌
Cold War era US Government; Questionable workmanship; novel, untested design; Fails spectacularly decades later  yup, checks out.
Convenient that it happened right as people are talking a lot about aliens...
Pretty sure it was demolished by Pierce Brosnan dropping it on Sean Beans head.
It was a very interesting video thanks !
Daaaaamn I this BF2042 leak is looking crazy good. Glad they remaking this classic map. Those graphics are next level
I live in Puerto Rico and close to the structure, it was sad to this iconic landmark go. I went a couple of times and it was awesome. I hope and wish they would rebuild it, but it’s probably not going to happen due to financial difficulties, even though there’s a lot of people in the island and in the engineering and scientific community that want it to happen.
As an engineer, it never made sense when I looked at the pictures of the structure. Today's engineering principles would never allow that thing to exist on such bare minimum amount of support cables as well as those relatively thin towers. But as with all space war era projects turned research centres, there is rarely any system that was created with as much knowledge of structures and materials as we have these days. Not to mention the safety standards were either very flimsy or non existent during the design of some of the wild things that came to be during war effort developments.
It's all hollywoods fault. When  Pierce Brosnan did bang bang flippy flippy things on it as James Bond. 007
Who here knows this COD map?
Well they managed to patch it up pretty successfully after it fell on Sean Bean in 1995, so I’m sure they’ll be able to do the same again.
As a Puerto Rican who also happens to love astronomy, I was absolutely heartbroken to hear that it happened. I always wanted to visit it (I moved to mainland US as a kid) but now it’ll never happen. She will be missed.
At least Dr Arroway got outta there in time to make first contact with the aliens from Vega.
All i can say is Hmmmm... Watch it a few times
This guy doesn't know how long a meter is
So this is where Bond and Trevelyn fought in Golden eye
That was fascinating.  Thank you, Grady!
Kips :-D   All the poor metric people.
They coulda saved so much money just asking people is it worth fixing. Instead those idiots sat there modeling for months.
007 Goldeneye realness
Excellent. Clear, detailed and concise.
007
Thanks.  I was very curious what had actually happened here!  Good job making an easy to digest summary.  AND the catastrophic collapse video was AMAZING.  I'm surprised that didn't get more immediate air time after the collapse.
Glad I got to go see it in 2019 🤗
old gaming ptsd got me looking for scope glint on top of the towers
Somebody put c4 on the wires to get those snipers down
Rest in Peace, Arecibo Observatory 😭 You will be remembered forever, a piece of history of science.
this is the first I've heard of this.
I can't help but blame James Bond for this
There was also an incident where witnesses saw two armed men fighting atop this structure. Tragically, one of the men fell to his death before security could arrive.
The worst part is Sean Bean didn’t die.
They turned battlefield 4 into real life
Dang! They needed Skyhooks
I was in PR when it happened. As a seti contributor, I felt it
Nah chief thats rouge transmission
Iconic? You can say that again, I remember this when I watched one of the Bond movie back when I was a kid a long time ago.
I'm so disappointed that I never had the opportunity to visit this icon before this tragic waste happened. I hope it is rebuilt. Surely Musk, Bezos and Branson could chip in a few hundred million. It  would probably even be of benefit to their spacefaring and interplanetary projects.
This is a great video.
Forget this clown, he had his chances
I hear the locals call it, El Radar, convinced it has some dark military purpose.
Didn't James bond have shootout on it which broke it?
But no proof of aliens? lol i think we’ll be just fine without this big tv dish
Damn it Mr.Bond
This is a sad moment. I served there 6 years.   I will be deployed there next week again. I was a sniper on those pillars.
Seeing that news back in December brought me to tears. Used to go there on family trips
Someone clearly just wanted to get kill the snipers camping at the top
This is the first time I heard Arecibo collapsed. So sad
2020 the ass hole of our generation.
I got to walk on the Telescope when I was little on a school trip. It was a fun trip.
16:00 with regard to aerospace factors of safety of around 1.5... ULA has an impressive launch history...  with factors of safety closer to 1.1  if you want to see a smarter everyday video that discusses rocket design, check out this incredible video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o0fG_lnVhHw
I knew when I looked in the comment section I would see some about BF4 lol
Why did they use cables to overhang the structure instead of some structural arc? Would be too heavy and would collapse under own weight?
Would also like to point out that the Arecibo observatory remained the largest RADAR telescope in the world, as the chinese FAST dome is only a radio telescope that passively collects radio waves. Arecibo was capable of sending radio waves out and observing them. This why we were able to determine the composition of Jupiter's atmosphere, by bouncing radio waves off of it. Here's hoping they can put a modern structure that replicates the function of the original, iconic observatory there one day.
grazie
Long time fan of your content. Greetings from Puerto Rico!
I hope i can at least get 1% of the talent and skills of the engineers working there
The people who ran the scope failed to maintain it. Plan and simple. Over the last 15 years they did not take care of, do repairs of any type. This is just a excuse video to cover the failure of the people who ran it.  The Golden Gate Bridge is older but it is taken care of.
I had no idea that the telescope had collapsed!  I somehow missed that news entirely!  My family and i tried to visit there in 2016, when we were on a family Caribbean cruise, but we arrived too late in the day and no more visitors could enter... Now there is little to visit...
Bond happened.
Goldeneye…
Thought It was Bond? James Bond
I visited that place twice before it collapsed.  It's a really cool place and unless you are there you can't really appreciate just how large it was. Standing on its edge you feel small. Amazing structure and its a shame it is gone now.
im kind of surprised that they didnt make a piston or scissor lift under the cradle, that would lift up and hold the apparatus up so they could repair and replace.  what im even more surprised about that they didnt even bother to have this stuff like the wires and spelters made here in the states on a site so that it would in fact pass engineering QA.  it mainly sounds like it was a middle management decision, and that decision was to spend more money on it to never rectify and repair it.
It’s lost was felt I didn’t even know this happened till I saw this 7/22/2021
Btf4 predicted the future
What a damned shame that it was not properly maintained, our government is just pitiful when it comes to this!
DONT LIE! You know just like how I know the British Government destroyed the dish, Damn you 007😁
Great explanation. Sad to see it fail.
They need to put a new one up in it's place.
Goldeneye predicted this outcome.
I killed Alec Trevelyan here
In all my years in Puerto Rico I never made it out to see the telescope. I will never forgive myself for that 🥲
Shitballs,  no good !
I get a little emotional each time I see that thing fall. 😢
Was it at least during a secret agent or 00agent run? Also, where is the water?
Images of Arecibo Observatory were included on the Voyager probe “Golden Records”. Carl Sagan mused that the records would long outlive us and our civilization, and seeing the structure crumble really brought that home for me.
Nope. It was mediocre engineering, and purposeful neglect. just sayin’
Every bf4 play in they feels after this
"The Jewel of Puerto Rico" Oh how it hurts my heart to see it break. Thank god no one got hurt in the collapse. As a Puerto Rican who grew up on the Island and visited the place during a middle school field trip, I never thought this would ever happen, from up close it just looks so perfectly designed and sturdy, a testament to the Puerto Rican spirit. man... my heart goes out to all the researchers there, may god bless them, and hopefully we can recreate her, but stronger and better equipped for our harsh weather.
So it's taken since 1995 when piece brosnan jammed the mechanism for it to fall. Can't be that bad then :)
I’m just happy that I got to visit it, prior to this, but sadly after Irma and Maria... 😞
Why it collapsed? It's symptomatic of America's neglect of Puerto Rico in general...?
First thing that should have been done is to build a steel support structure for the platform while you try to figure out how to repair the cables.
Where were the new cables made?
muy bueno
Only In Battlefield, duhduhdundudun.
Videos like this one will be shown in every engineering design course in the future.
Yeah 45 and his ilk cut the funding and killed it...Why though?
Very interesting.
Bf4 players be like: Been there, done that.
We'd better get back to MI6 and see what M has to say about it.
I guess a battlefield 4 fan got rid of it
The first time I heard of Arecibo was in the movie "Contact" It was so big I thought it wasn't real. I think we underestimate mother nature, great video!
We're not judging butt....  UCF broke it! lol ohhhh😥
Great video sir.   Is it possible the platform was heavier than calculated?
What really happened to it is that Little Green Men hoaxers, Seth Shoshit and his slacker buddies at SETI, who have never found any trace of alien broadcasts, allowed Aerocebo to waste away from folly projects and neglect. Blame them and their nonsense "science" of searching for space Aliens and LGMs.
Basically hardly any safety factor in the cables, they were probably right at their limit for decades, salt, moisture, daily expansion and movement from wind forces ultimately overpowered the highly stressed cables. Why this was designed so "weak" to start with.
Florida huh?
is this the one on james bond movie?
_bf4 sounds_
Thank you.
your audio real low fyi
#arecibodidntkillhimself
This video is absolutely, immaculate!
Chinese sabotage, this just a coincidence the Chinese just happened to land a satellite on the moon the exact same day
The telescope legit went "For England, James?"
Plot twist: an employee cut the first cable
Cables get old and tired, just like people.
My wife (nurse) noticed your neck and face was a little swollen. Hoping it was only an allergic reaction and not anything more serious. Thank you for the great video add always
Videos like this are so soothing and interesting.. a weird mixture, but a welcome one.
Isn't it that place they also filmed s James bond movie on ?
At FOS 2 it collapse under static loading. Reason it collapse might have been a fatigue or materials corrosion or exess loading and lastly due to poor maintenance.
RIP to all of the snipers on top.
It was never the same after 008 face planted in the center of the dish.
It became a bf4 map
I'm sure rebuilding this POS is on Potato Joes "infrastructure"  list.
Bro bf4 predicted this
That was one of your best videos to date! Thank you very much!
Is anyone else slightly bothered that battlefield 4 which came out in 2013 had a map that involves this exact situation
I was hoping for fatigue stress & S/N charts. Great video!
Battlefield 4
*007: Golden Eye*
It would be interesting to look at the antenna  link budget that enabled it to act as a planetary radar since the signal for a radar falls of as  a function of  1/R^4  (that is  1/R^2 for the outbound signal and yet another 1/R^2 for the return signal) that must have been some antennae gain to be able do that!
Why does it look like you recorded this in a meth house? Also what do you think they were bumping out into space?
I have heard about Arecibo since it was built.  My mom was fascinated by science and it was one of the topics she discussed with her 5th grade students (and her children).  I was in elementary school when it was opened.
They said it was to big to fail!
I AM INVINCIBLE!  *gets covered in liquid nitrogen*
The only problem is corruption  Never got enough funds for maintenance and when they did. They just stole it.  I live 2 miles away from it
So they built it like shit. No big surprise. Engineers are not as smart as people think they r
Fabulous video. But I will make the obvious pun. Bye bye, Goldeneye. Janus is dead, and Boris will cry.
HIGH OCTANE  HALOGEN HELIUM HYDROXIDE HUMID VAPORIZED BIONOXYDE DIOXIDE CYANIDE FUMES GASES HUVYCLOUDS HYVERUXONYQ
Worst part, this happened on a few days before I remembered this telescope existed while I was doing work in Puerto Rico.  I was bummed that I couldn't go see it
The vertical tie downs should have had a remote de tensioning system. Or any de tensioning system.
My son is currently working on the 3 concrete pillars.
My son is currently working on the 3 concrete pillars.
I live in P.R n i can safely say very little maintenance is done on things here. I imagine some portion of this incident was because of it. Maintenance after something fails is how they work here.
All I see is golden eye
Rebuild with modern technology and keep working. 👍
bothered me how you pernounced Arecibo throughout the video....
We need to make another one, we cannot let china have the only one...
Trevelyan made it collapse
I guarantee James Bond was involved.
This place look similar to a scene in Goldeneye 1988. Was the film shooted there perhaps?
Safety factor of 2 in the 50's.  Did they expect these things to last forever in such a harsh environment?  He said it in the beginning, the NFS drained funding away for other projects.  Failure to maintain infrastructure, classic 'murica
I think after 60 years..the metals slowly stretched out and the atoms decayed
Electrolysis must be considered.
In school back in the 60's and when the space program Apolo whas planning to land in the Moon, I had the honor to see it and visit may times, I'm Puertorican and this was one of Puertorican pride to have it on are back Yard in the City of Arecibo ( Bing a ham radio operator we always said that are radio antenna is moch bigger than yours in Arecibo ) It whas verry sad morning the day we lost Arecibo in Puerto Rico...now we are hoping that they can rebuild it better whit more power and scientific intumescent's ...
People really be sad when they could just reload the map and it won'tve had the levolition triggered yet
Battlefield levolution
All I can say is how disappointed  I was hearing about the Arecibo collapse. I remember spending many, many weeks doing the SETI fast Fourier transforms on my computer collected from the dish. I'm just hoping this dark happening will be a golden opportunity to build even a better telescope with even more capabilities. Of course, the best is no one was injured. Being whacked by a such a tightly tension and heavy cable like those is a sure trip into universal oneness....
Being a native and local to that area, and living so far away now, seeing the videos of the failure always make me tear up.
i think at least now the decommissioning process have one less issue to worry about.. 😅
I worked at the Arecibo Observatory as a tour guide from May 2019 til the colapse of it  We always wondered how it would look if it fell down and the day it actually happened we were very sad but also saw this coming as funding for the observatory had been cut off for a while now The museum will open back but we have no date as to when thid will happen
i when there when i was like 5 years old im 33 now , crazy
Inadequate maintenance. Not rocket science.
That's "The Cradle" from 007 Goldeneye. Good bye, Trevelian.
Re post?
If it goes to Congress somehow they will try to blame it on Trump and lets not forget the catch all blames for 2020 Covid and Global Warming
BATTLEFIELD 4 PREDICTED THIS IN 2013 ROQUE TRANSMISSION
Thanks!
LEVELUTION!
[ LEVOLUTION ]
14:00  "thankfully, even though there were people onsite during the collapse, the engineers  had established safe zones away from the structure and no-one was injured"  👏👏👏  Great Job, keeping people a safe distance away and following their data that it was unsafe to work on saved lives, even though as an engineer, I feel how difficult it is to come to the conclusion you have to let it fail
Such an intensely sad event for science and Puerto Rico. But it is a testament to the engineers that no one was hurt.
It’s the golden eye 👁!!!!!!!
Due for failure to maintaining it. Lol
I'm glad it finally collapsed, it was an eyesore!
Nah the battlefield players destroyed it
“The National Science Foundation is holding hearings….”?!? They defunded it. Isn’t that a little like the past homeowner getting to come in and tell you what renovations you can do to your house?
Engineers know the life expectancies and the strength of materials used in the structures. Its either they failed in routine inspection or the govt stopped the funding... Lol
They lasted 50-60 years, I'd say that's pretty damn good TBH.
beautiful job on the video
Everyone knows James Bond broke it.
Who cried? I cried.
wait I thought it collapsed in goldeneye
Battlefield 4 Levelution!
weird that so many of these are going smush recently...
Has anyone seen Sean Bean beforehand?
Yea my bad, I got tired of the sniper camping up there so I blew it up with c4.
In January 2020  Puerto Rico was hit by a 6.4 earthquake (biggest earthquake in 100 years) and throughout the year there were many aftershocks that could have affected the infrastructure of the radio telescope.
This was no surprise.  Maintenance was allowed to fail. If you have ever worked on maintenance on any facility you know this is true.
It would be interesting to obtain some of the actual wire rope cable from the telescope, and test it to failure. Was it corrosion or poor metallurgy or poor quality control?
I’m sure I’m not alone in this: first time hearing about this telescope? GOLDENEYE BABY!! FOR ENGLAND, JAMES?
Tragic.  Corruption and bad maintenance.
In the late 2000s I was running SETI@Home, processing data from this telescope. I thought it was the coolest thing as a kid. Sad that this happened.
Been there many many times..  Great place.
Um cables that were installed in the 60’s isn’t exactly a proactive maintenance program. Were the cable environmentals actually working? It’s obvious by the 2 - 3 inches of bird shit and corrosion on the dish no one really gave a shit. Why did it fail? Pure ass neglect.
It’s a battlefield conspiracy
Goldeneye happened
As a Boricua that used to live near Arecibo, seeing it in real life was so surreal, knowing that that's how we look into outer space. I can't believe it's gone.
I think we all know what REALLY happened; Alec Trevelyan fucked around, and then found
I also hope they replace it with a bad ass next gen telescope. Like the RTX3090 of Earth based telescopes.
The fact the telescope fell into that level of disrepair speaks volumes of the ailing forces behind its maintenance. The world's Nations just aren't that rich anymore, and that's when we start to see formerly coveted structures fail.
This is James Bond's fault.
Very nice and well done video-thanks!
wow -   so well done.
Maybe they should build the new one outside a hurricane zone.
Unfortunately, with a dementia patient in the Oval Office and a Congress which has been incapable of legislation since the George W. Bush Presidency, more of the great engineering accomplishments of the early and mid-20th century will suffer the same fate as the Arecibo Telescope. Lack of maintenance will lead to more and more small incidents of damage compounding until the problems become so glaringly obvious that it will attract the attention of someone high enough in the bureaucracy who feels he must act lest it reflect on his future political career. Action will be taken, but it will be too little, too late, and whatever mitigation is necessary will be impossible because it is already too dangerous to work on the structure. This situation will be further exacerbated because the acceptable amount of danger in the workplace has been dialed down so far that risks deemed acceptable even 20 years ago are not tolerable. Nothing will come to the public's notice until catastrophic failure happens.   Once enough of the catastrophic failures happen - the Surfside condo in Miami, the Arecibo Telescope, the pedestrian bridge collapse in D.C. in June of this year - the public will meekly accept them as the "new normal" and they will stop making the news.
1:33 Old World Blues flashback right here.
How does goldeneye play into this?
Anyone else play battlefield 4?
The fact of the matter is is that we should build and build forever but money and engineering and blunders happen the dome should’ve never been installed on the existing structure and as far as the cables and a D humidification of the cables was probably not done so it was the same as the titanic yeah we have enough lifeboats for maybe some people
Of course.... how much you wanna bet it was modern laziness in installation of those cables that ended up spelling doom for this 50-60 year old structure?
When DICE added levelutions to their battlefield 4 maps they were really trying to warn us of what was to come. Stay out of high rise hotels in China😂
That bloody Bond again..... Seriously though a steel cable letting go is violent as hell, many a grave dug as a result of this. Engineers that recommended pulling it deserve  some recognition. Excellent video👌
I remember going to a Spanish tour I didn't understand years ago about this place it was impressive in person
Damn levelution events always ruin the map
Battlefield 4 predicted this smh
Thank you for this video! A very sad story! I was hoping to visit the site while intact. Safety over science? Science versus maintenance? A cable car in Italy killed so many because of maintenance issues. Cables usually break where they are attached. The issue should have been known. So the first domed shuttle had a known flaw. Budget over life's? Second loss was caused by a stubborn woman, no need to write her name, nobody wants to stand to the truth. Kaprun disaster was caused by a stupid engineer who used flammable and poisonous oil instead of non flammable brake fluid.  Saved money on maintenance, so many humans lost and then a kneejerk closure. Are humans becoming stupid?
It had outlived its usefulness, otherwise billion of dollars would have been dumped into the project!
Surprising the number of structural failures across the globe these days.  Is it just awareness of them or is there a problem with engineering, materials quality, or management.  Or perhaps some of each.
Sad to see it go. It was so famous it seems like such a waste to see it go. Perhaps the hurricane damaged the sockets. Or maybe the fact that it was built in WW2 was why.   I remember even seeing it in the X-files. I hope something similar is rebuilt in the future. I never got to see it of course.
I have to ask why wasn't it originally built with a design depicted in GoldenEye that can be safely lowered for storms & cable maintenance/replacement? If we can put a man on the moon, surely we can design a winch or extendable tower system that would sustain loads & enable the platform to be lowered when needed.   I'm sure money was the factor. It is with every other thing that fukks up!
My boy Brady dropping another fuckin hitter
I’m thought it crashed because of 2 British agents fighting on it.
Yeah, the drone was recording :)). A bit dodgy :), maybe mid dodgy
Something I haven't heard discussed is how the cables are affected where they are swaged (or by other means) to eyelets and other fittings.  I am inclined to believe that having the cable fixed like that can cause a stress riser that will cause individual strands to fatigue and break over time.  It doesn't surprise me when such failures happen as we see at Arecibo and at various bridges around the world.  I have seen breakages happen on smaller scales and yachts have shrouds replaced on a regular basis to avoid such things.
The real story:  The Arecibo telescope was an NSA/CIA project to detect and identify and locate radars in the Soviet Union. As a cover story, it also had a scientific mission for ionospheric research.  Now, continue with the story....
For years and years when any other nation wanted to do research that needed the telescope , they made  arrangements with the U.S. and used Arecibo. To rebuild it now is going to be way to expensive so when we need to use such a telescope we will use the China telescope after all they are our friends ..... right?
Sad end for this magnificent work of art! I was very moved the day this happened!   > at 9:20 am The joys of anamorphosis to monitor a structure, such as monitoring the evolution of topographical measurements for monitoring a dam ...
Didnt James Bond destroy it?
Criminal incompetency ….. people should go to prison!
Absolutely LOVE these "What Really Happened" videos.  Keep up the great work!
Was Arecibo not used for a James Bond movie?
It's sort of sad to think that no mater how rigorous a design and Engineering Process is a steel structure will probably always rust and collapse eventually.  Many of great structures of our time are built with or entirely out of steel.
Thanks for this thorough explanation. As a local, I went many times and was very sad when the structure failed. I'm glad you did this video. Thanks!
I remember when it happened. Such a sad day the day it happened. 😞 RIP ARECIBO
Aircrafts are in some cases designed below 1 factor of safety. That because the calculations are very conservative.
Great thx! ;)
Pile of junk now. Scavenge and use salvage money for residents oF PR.
I have great memories of the nights at the observatory. Iconic place, visiting it as a kid created an everlasting curiosity for the sky and everything that has to do with the cosmos. I get nostalgic and tear up while writing this since its the place prompted a passionate search for more, out there and within. Hope that it can be rebuilt, whenever a kids I want them to be able to experience this.   #RIP-ObservatoriodeArecibo
I'd love to see them rebuild a modern telescope on the site. They could raise money by selling pieces of the original scope to space nerds.
This is one of the most well made you tube videos I've ever seen. Well done mate.
engineers: I wonder why our structure failed.  Battlefield 4 players: ‘sweating profusely'
Fear not; we redirected public funding for science into tax breaks for Jeff Bezos, so that billionaires' egos can guide civic and scientific progress.
The correct factor of safety for this would have been 4
CNN reported that Alien tuning fork jammer beam caused structural failure.
James bond is hiding evidence
Too many people playing on the GoldenEye Cradle map at the same time.
Hopefully they will rebuild it bigger and better than the original.
Like Surfside, the signs were ignored
it fell because the USA is a failing empire.
What really happened is me and the squad all hopped in tanks and tried to see who could trigger the "levalution" first.
Nothing lasts forever!
I hope it never gets replaced. Put sensitive elictronic equipment like that in the hands of responsible people. Not some jungle primates.
I appreciate you as a person so much
Honestly I'm amazed how long it stayed up, everyone knows the government is  Notorious for building something for one use then discard it when they are done. Unfortunately politicians did what they do steal money from one place to another. I would love to see a modern one built by private companies, say like SpaceX or  Blue horizon to aid in space exploration
Total fake. BS. Like they would care if a bunch of mexicans got killed while trying to repair the tower.
This is a masterclass in besting around the bush. Arecibo collapsed because of decades of neglect. Just like the rest of America's infrastructure, budgets to maintain it were either cut to the bone or eliminated entirely, and it decayed until it was too degraded to be worth fixing.
I am utterly disappointed in the lack of references to the Golden Eye game on N64
I was wondering about this. Sounds like a big waste of $$ at the end there. Thanks, good video.
I don’t even skate, but this should be turned into a skateboarder’s holiest place.
I think they should rebuild a larger one in the continental United States at Meteor Crater.
Sounds like a success story. They saw it coming, and nobody got hurt.
Great video, keep them coming please.
mustache man loved his job
This was surely just down to inadequate maintenance. You mentioned lifts using steel cabling, typically for lifts all lifting cables should be replaced every three to five years, sooner if there is any indication of mechanical damage during regular inspection. Certainly a costly exercise. The calculated strength of a steel cable at manufacture, 70 years later, is fiction.
Growing in Puerto Rico this was the only thing that give me hope that one day could be part of something like this in my Hometown, astronomy is not something they talk to much over there.  As a kid i would visit it and dream of working there. I just hope they replace or rebuild even if is smaller just to give new kids hope like I had.
That was so awesome when that bogus thing fell down. Cause of communism.
I think it is always good to look for new discoveries and this video showcases what can be possible with intent & hard work.   One incredible earth based discovery that Americans, for all their ingenuity and guile, have continued to fail to find ...... is there there is a second 'T' in the word 'twenty'!
“I’ll Tell’n Y’all its SABOTAGE.” Clean evidence of a exploding bolt.
Grady always reminds me a bit of Pryce from Breaking Bad. lol
I will never understand, why everyone talk about this new, never mentioned from where it is. This it's in Puerto Rico (The Country) in Arecibo (The City), so, this should say: Telescope from Arecibo, Puerto Rico. It like something happen in Gresham and people are like 🤷🏻‍♂️🤷🏻‍♂️🤷🏻‍♂️, because you need to say, Grashan, Oregon. Or... Queens, New York.
Looks like battlefield 4 but this time it's real
I would love for you to do a video on how railroads are designed, built, and kept in good shape
I have to ask, how is detecting nukes in the upper atmosphere NOT peaceful? They weren't LAUNCHING nukes, just watching for them...
Amid COVID, I had no idea this happened. It's saddening, but thank you for letting us know. That drone shot is unbelievable!
I remember this map from Battlefield 4
That one time where the only available footage wasn't recorded by a toaster : D
.
Man.... you do a good job laying out science to ordinary people.  Great video.... I got more and more interested as it went along.  They should model Jr. High, High School and College Science teachers after your teaching style for much better results.  Thank you! :)
BF4 flashbacks
Damn the drone footage tho
For England,  James?
BF4 rogue transmission
I'm not crying... I'm not crying... I'm not crying......... I'm crying.
I'm just glad they decided not to send crews of people out there to try and fix it. We would be watching a whole other kind of video if there had been an Arecibo disaster.
Rogue transmission Rogue transmission Rogue transmission Rogue transmission Rogue transmission Rogue transmission Rogue transmission Rogue transmission Rogue transmission Rogue transmission Rogue transmission Rogue transmission Rogue transmission Rogue transmission Rogue transmission Rogue transmission
"Why did it fail?"  Not this again. I said I was sorry!
The should be studying the practicality of an orbital radio observatory, since there will soon be a launch system capable of putting MASSIVE 100 ton structures in orbit cheaply, and quickly.
Thanks
Poor old Telescope ☹️
sad story, great presentation, thank you
Thank you for this comprehensive and well-researched video. Fascinating.
They calculated the safety factor in imperial units, it was actually 0.9.
Such a great rundown. Interested to hear the results of all the studies
I am sorry but in my opinion this was a combination of analysis paralysis and incompetence. Obvious there were massive issues with load distribution in the cables, considering that once the first cable failed, the platform position dropped by one meter. By the time the second cable failed they should have realized that the are on shaking ground with little time to spare. Of course these failures seems spontaneous but strain gauges, piezo sensors etc could indicate that some significant event is about to happen. Arecibo was quite far from being a loss except for, OK a little aggressive, incompetence. I would not trust these guys to change a light bulb.
From the cradle to the grave, Bond!
How about putting your receiver in a (largish) drone?
so we still dont know why cables snapped
TL;DR, cables broke, and we dont know why.
I like how google maps still has it up and looking gorgeous
this actually still hurts my heart every time I see it fall. Like i just witnessed a great hero getting cut down.
I will never be able to see this structure and not immediately think of the Bond film GoldenEye
Doesn't surprise me that the extremely flawed Cable Stay Bridge Model only uses a factor of 3.
So concerned about it for years and did nothing. Negligence and poor maintenence ascerbated by poor initial construction oversight from a third world country. It was bound to happen. I'm surprised that it lasted this long. I assume the University of Central Florida and Academia in general are not really aware of how things work in the real world and were unprepared for what they were taking on. I would speculate that whoever talked UofCF into taking this on probably knew the structure was in terrible shape and was trying to pass it off to someone else.
I’m pretty sure the fight James Bond had on it Golden Eye was what loosened the sub structure support beams
A sad loss for science.
Yo, BF levolutions are getting crazy
What happened to Arecibo telescope?  Puerto Rico is a US security. The treasury and it's surrounding land, including the telescope was attacked by time bandits. Simple fact. Next question please.
I... don't understand why they kept the tie-down cables during the design process then? It's not like the telescope needed them while the dish was damaged....
I’ve lived in Puerto Rico and the reason it fell was due in part to negligence due to the inept locals. We are talking about Puertoricans. They basically don’t care. Remember, there is vast corruption and the island is undergoing incredible challenges due to useless political leaders. Puerto Rico depends entirely on thenUS to stay afloat even though they bash the US all the time and continuously seek “independence”. The system dilapidated, and money meant to upkeep the structure was simply used to line their own pockets.
4:46 OSHA wants a word.
I still wonder why did they let it fall instead of pulling it down.
The cable snaps just so happens a drone is recording the cable snapping. Ya something fishy here.
twony-twony
Excellent and educational video. Thanks
It collapsed due to age, end of story. This is funny.
Maybe the next video you can talk about the Miami condo collapse.
Cheaper to fix it.. instead theyll spend a ton of money doing nothing
Is it a skate park yet?
Hey what's the song at 0:48? Ty!
Does anyone know the intro music in this video?
Didn’t they film a scene from one of the bond films here??
Anybody know the royalty free song name at 0:42?
I will think of this old engineered structure failing every time I cross Tower Bridge in future which thankfully now is not often.   Note 1: Maybe all stuctures that have a possibility of failing, like this telescope and bridges should have automatic computer controlled drones constantly watching them. If we can watch failures like this then the information could stop future failure and lead to possible upgrades.   Note 2: I was surprised that zinc was used. I know it has a low melting point making it practical to use in the field but it is extremely weak compared to other materials, I'm also not sure how well it adheres to the steel cable. I suspect better methods now could be found.   This sort of engineering is not my working field but I've been doing heavy duty electrical terminations of all types and sizes for almost 50yrs and I started my career in a metallurgy lab.
Florida huh... how much of that money did they steal?
I think I would worry mightily, every day, if I worked at the Chinese "bigger and better" radio Telescope. "TOFU CONSTRUCTION" is not just a figment of someone's imagination.
Only correct next move it to build one even larger
I'll take a guess without watching the video: The collapse was caused by long-term lack of maintenance.
I wonder if they considered vibrations in the structure when they considered it's ability to hold the weight long term
Perhaps a bit of an oversight on the original design (probably due to cost and limited expectation of increasing the load) was to not have the ability to lower the heavier suspended elements from the supporting cable structure.  So the cable sets would be affixed to a sub or hoisting frame, and then the rotational unit and instrument packages could be lowered to some fixed struts projecting up through the dish for the service of all the components.  Assuming the towers themselves weren't being overloaded, individual cables could replace with heavier ones, or additional cables could be added more safely.  Perhaps a thought for any future dishes.  To design such a large and potentially problematic structure with some significant degree of serviceability built in is pretty short sighted.  (Though as an engineer, I am constantly pressed to spend less money on a project; I have never had one that would have had such a catastrophic, and therefore expensive, failure mode.)
Great video, Grady.  So sad to see this marvel gone.
Outlived its reasonable.lifespan, so I can't complain. Who really in the 1950's didn't believe technology wasn't leaping forward?
As always, an excellent and informative analysis.  Great video!
why couldn't they have used pillars to hold up the central platform when they installed the dome in the 90s? they wouldn't have had to take all of the load off the main cables but they could have taken enough to prevent something like this from occuring
BF4 predicted something🧐
Very good presentation. the added weight of the dome antenna seems to have negated the safety factor. Did they ever consider lowering the 50-ton dome antenna temporarily? I visited the site in 1970 while living in Puerto Rico.
The mechanics of this incident are similar to those on the Miami building disaster. We need to understand and simulate long-time corrosion and perfomance loss of structures a lot better, or we´ll be paying the concecuences on the near future.
Man, this long after, and watching this still hurts like mad.
Could you link to the reports you used in this vid?
The smile indicates he's stifling laughter.
It had a long life span, likely adding the extra weight to the reciever in the center wasn't perhaps prudent. But overall I'd say a remarkable piece of engineering.
Well they do decide to rebuild you know it’s going to be fabulous from all the data from trial and error
I wonder what made them choose a spot so close to the sea to begin with. It was an impressive structure that I think could have benefitted from being design with four or five towers instead, which I know that 3 stabilizes it much better, but the amount of redundancy increased from adding an extra tower instead of an extra cable is much greater
Loving these types of vids!
hey thanks for reading that report and making a video about it so we don'T need to read it.
I really hope the first line of the report was "YOU ASSHOLES DECIDED TO NOT FUND BASIC UPKEEP!!!"
Could have installed new cables one at a time.  Back in the 80s
Why did it collapse?  ( * checks date * )  Oh.  Well there ya go.  2020 - the year of "We Can't Have Nice Things."  Case closed.  Next?
In the movie Contact, Jodi Foster was studying seti at that site.
A thought. The spherical reflector, movable receiver arrangement seemed to allow only part of the radiation hitting the reflector to be "viewed" at any one time. Doesn't that cancel out the whole point of having such a huge reflector?
Very well done informative video. Thanks.
How did they expect those cables to hold longer than they did?
A fantastic explanation of the pertinent details and the history leading up to the failure.  Lessons to learn from for sure.  Thank you.
What do you mean "what really happened?" the front fell off
50+ years old? My immediate guess is someone neglected maintenance.
What surprises me most is that it apparently wasn't necessary to have a system for lowering the receiver to the ground in the event of a hurricane.  Props to the original engineers that designed it so tough that you could just leave it up there to swing in the wind and it stayed up there for decades.
Lack of maintence or just end of design life?  I bet that the debris will still be there when you and I are in the ground.
High-cycle fatigue ? The wire rope would have been subjected to variations in tension around the static tension, so a +/- fatigue cycle on top of the big + static tension. Furthermore, there could have been internal abrasions in the individual strands against each other causing surface roughening of each strand and reducing its cross-sectional area.
15:47 Woah! This blew my mind. I slackline a lot and we use safety margins of up to 5:1 sometimes (our gear is 5x stronger than the strongest load we'd ever put on it). Especially in high lining, that gear is WAYY stronger than it will ever need to be....but we do that so people don't get preventable injuries. I can't believe arecibo was a 2:1 safety margin. Lke...I get it's different than a slackline but still...very interesting!
Battlefield 4
What's really interesting is how did ancient man build this structure without computers and how come modern man with computers was too afraid to do the work. Sometimes you have to do what you have to do and you cannot listen to someone tell you, *"that's not safe!"* That's why overregulation will be our doom and don't forget... *BRAWNDO has what plants crave!*
LEVOLUTION
Yo thank you. I appreciate u
Just another evidence about how weak and miserable U.S. has become
It was clearly Bond‘s fault
So the structure failed under Florida's management? Im surprised. Did they get power outage while under Texas management?
Hurricane Maria wasn't soo bad. Some folks got paper towels.
Nice video, I always wondered how they pointed the stationary dish at an object.
What goes up must come down , nothing sad about it , hope there's enough funds for a new one 🙏
IRL LOST TRANSMISSION LEVEVOLUTION!
A BF4 player definitley contributed to its collapse
lol "they said it should be demolished, then uh oh it just fell over and they happened to be recording it when it happened!" bro can u say insurance fraud? I'm partially joking, partially serious.
Back in the days of the Crusaders, I've read books that they had a simple way to look at  planets and count the rings. No radio waves.
You talk about having increased safety margins in the original design, but it seems that a structure that was designed in the 1950s to serve a purpose in the cold war, that far outlived the cold war, was more than adequately designed for its intended purpose.  That it was later re-purposed for something not envisaged by its original designers cannot be seen as a fault of the original design.
For england, grady?
So can the managing group that runs Arecibo, obtain the money to replace and rebuild the telescope. If not it will never be rebuilt. Because it certainly sounds like once the first load line broke. They went into their "Lets study all our options then decide what to do". And did so until the entire telescope collapsed.   A standard management reaction when they knew there was no money to fix the telescope. Because they had been siphoning the maintenance money. And diverting that money to pay for far more flashier projects. Until the telescope collapsed due to the lack of necessary maintenance .    A common problem when a fading American Empire implodes. Especially since "Wall Street" has spent the last 40 years selling off America's Industrial companies. To second and third world nations, just to make a quick profit. So America no longer has the productive capacity. To generate the money to fix or replace the Arecibo Radio Telescope.
Could they have had multiple sensors set up to view reflected readings from multiple points and directions at a time?
The only reason i know this place is when i seen it on James Bond
I'm a rusty Physicist but I suggest the cables likely died from a salt death.  However, I suggest they were designed for the first antenna array and not the rotating ring structure and heavy head added for improved sky observation. Therefore it was under sized and was on a razor edge waiting on time.
One word: *Levolution*
GoldenEye
Insurance fraud  They don’t need those technologies anymore
A proud gem of the Puerto Rico 🇵🇷 and the USA 🇺🇸 . I was so sad to it collapse. I visited once and it was amazing.  Please rebuild it,if  possible.
As a layperson, what kind of impact might simple fatigue play? 60 years under high load makes me wonder if the cables fatigued from being under tension for so long.
Wonderful video bud! :)
Third world country in charge of    properly maintaining a highly sophisticated piece of technology might have played a role here... I highly doubt the same would have happened in Canada, France or Japan.
It would be interesting to hear more about the Aricebo Message.
You said the structure was initially built for a military purpose, this usually warrants a much lower factor of safety.
I wonder if there was an error in the individual strand braiding pattern
...THAT'S AWFUL-!!!
Extremely informative. Thanks.
I’m not tryna say it’s aliens that did this, *but it’s aliens*
I’d like to apologize for blowing up the telescope in my teens. I didn’t how important it was 😢😂
We have to be good at learning how to manage funding cuts. So difficult for me as a younger engineer. Now I can see it is almost an inevitable process.
Great video. But it sure is unpleasant listening to the room reverb being picked up by the mic. Need to be closer mic'ed, or filtered, or a different mic.
Whoever is responsible for maintenance is at fault. It's always maintenance .
Normally I'd be ashamed at myself  for not knowing this even happened until just now but considering everything else that has happened over the shitshow of the last year and a half it's just another drop in the bucket.
Welcome to the tropics, entropy happens faster here.
I think it's fair to say the hypothetical cable flaws are one way to see this loss but the other way is to see the design was flawed from the outset.  Better cables won't compensate for weak anchors and stronger anchors won't compensate for improperly supported mass.  There was virtually no reserve strength or redundancy in the cable architecture.  The oldest bridges in the world are precisely those which were overbuilt.  This was built on a scarecrow diet.
What happened? Some player decided to destory the base and make use of Levolution
I remember that drone video. It so heartbreaking seeing this piece of history in astronomy be destroyed like that.
I know this will get buried in the other comments.  Seems like there was a spirit in the Arecibo telescope that decided to follow a Bob Dylan poem.
Cause: Corrupt government mismanagement.
Rule of thumb.  When in doubt, build it stout.
I still prefer the theory that aliens destroyed Arecibo so we wouldn't see their invasion fleet coming.     Yeah, I'll admit it, I made that theory up myself. Thats why I like it best.
You said it in the beginning of the video.  "Corrosion in the Spelter socket."  Then overall corrosion in ALL the cables. Lack of money for properly done maintenance is the overall diagnosis.  Plus overloading in subsequent years.  You never use the built in safety margin for add ons.
Thank goodness China built their radio telescope. Instead of only having one tiny one left, we have the largest ever built. I hope China's doesn't fail. China is a real asset when it comes to science despite what people might think.
I did not cry when ET died, But that last cable did its very best, and perhaps selective overloading could have been a pragmatic save rather than weeks of computer design modelling which they didn't trust anyway, what great things have ever happened without risk Hence, i now wipe a tear as again we failed to be great, #fundNewScope Alrighty
I recall having heard an interview during which an attorney said that engineers are the worst - or best -  clients to work for.  Unlike professionals who live their lives in a world of mental abstraction (such as those in disciplines of liberal arts), an engineer studies and studies every single fact down to the bone.  If an attorney must argue a case, an engineer providing a bunch of absolutes involving established physical facts and tests can equal the bottom line, one way or another.
What happened, technology happened,if it was built before 1930 it would still be working today.
*REBUILD IT!!!*
Born and raised around this area of the island. I visited the telescope twice on fieldtrips and it was sad to see it fall but it would've been much worse to hear that it took lives with it. I hope the people who made sure it was empty live long happy lives.
why did you take forever to get to the point?  Youtube's time limit to exceed for monetization?  or just plain, old fashioned long windedness?
Engineers do a great job at explaining things or concepts. Especially Grady.
Must've been really upsetting to Ellie Arroway.
If they dont replace the telescope I believe they are legally required to tear down all the other structures and return the site to its natural state prior to human involvement.
sabotaged by aliens OBVIOUSLY
There are some contributers below who should clearly have been consulted in the design process.  Considering that an IPhone for instance and a modern day Dishwasher are almost designed to last no more than five years, and I am being kind here this wonderful things did OK. By modern standards it has lasted forty years longer than the Accountants would have wished. I am sad.
sometimes things just get old and fail. Its amazing it lasted as long as it did.
That was incredibly absorbing. I mainly know of Aricibo from being a participant in SETI some years ago but was always intrigued by the imagination of its construction.
real life Levolution
Excellent explanation of sequence of events..
A contrast in study to the very horrible Surfside collapse. In both instances engineers had foreknowledge that the structure was in trouble. Arecibo was rightfully closed. No action whatsoever was taken at Surfside while the structure further weakened over the course of several years. Why this was allowed to happen, for me, is a question that must be answered.
I'm terrified of large structures. Watching this is like watching a horror movie...and yet I can't look away...it's so cool! But scary! But...cool!!
I think bigger problem was that they did not believe it would collapse like that and not that they could not fix it. All can be done if you want to do it.   For start factor of 2 is pretty small and that should have been addressed long time ago. Second they could build some temporary support towers or at the first sign of problems remove all instruments and replace all cables.... Third they could disassemble it more and slowly take down everything and rebuild it also in time when they seen first signs of failures....  And yes it is all easy to say after the fact I know, and yes I know some of my ideas are probably not good enough or are considered but I bet if they looked at this more seriously and asked the world for help someone would help them or at least provided some ideas better than mine and telescope would be saved. But as it is getting old and less useful than other larger projects people lost interest in it and it is pretty predictable that it would fail in this or the other way.   Sad thing is that this is not first or only thing ended like this and it will not be the last also but we pretty much do not care.
Bf4 did it first losers
I love this channel , hats off to all the engineers out there !
AND let us remember that the structure stood for 60years after being designed w/o CAD. IMHO I am betting that decreases in funding had as much to do with failure as the environment. It is sad that it went down, but now the opportunity to replace it exists. Lets hope NSF has the willingness to do so. Also congress will once again be tested for providing funding, anyone think they have an idea what a science opportunity is?
It didn't collapse it was destroyed because it was used to control the Goldeneye satellite by a 00 agent. Think he drives a Aston Martin or something
Battlefield 4
I hadn't known its name until today, but the first time I had seen pictures of it was in a book I read as a kid - 30 or so years ago. Sad to see it collapse, but I hope they replace it with  something equally breathtaking.
The collapse fits PERFECT in these times were "believing" is all ! Got your vaccine ?
Perfect opportunity to rebuild it bigger and better
Build it again. It was beautiful.
The suspended structure looks newer than the reflective 'dish'. Looks more like an 'insurance job' to get new 21st century upgrades.
An awfully long video to explain a lack of maintenance,  did anyone really believe those cables would last forever?? How many times was maintenance money gobbled up for other projects, or simply cut to reduce costs!!! Thats the real question!!! This is what happens when bean counters run things, you wind-up with absentee land lords..........
Failure to anticipate cable failure and the delay in restoring redundancy is why it was lost. Sketchy safety margins contributed and red flags that there were workmanship issues should have been enough on their own to inspire action. But no.
They blew it up!
Cause: incompetence and corruption.
Thank you for this incredible video.  They need to get some of these space race billionaires to help rebuild Arecibo and build it to last.  It is an incredible scientific instrument that gives us a view of the Universe.  I have had the privilege to visit Arecibo twice in my visits to the Isle of Enchantment, Puerto Rico.  Mi Rosita Bonita grew up in Manati, Puerto Rico.  I lost my beautiful esposa 10 months ago to MBC.
What happens at the sun look place that jan itor was blame have paedo filie, I forget all what name it. It was on America. Maybe it was a
The grumpy cuticle nearly question because pheasant paradoxically wonder save a longing fine. overwrought, vulgar seagull
so when do we rebuild it?
We can easily see the black wrapped ripping apparatus connected to the cables and a pulley as the drone films its handiwork. This was wholly intentional. Make no mistake.
007 GoldenEye and Battlefield 4.
shot up so many people up there, rest in pieces buddy Arecibo.
At Our Wits' End: Why We're Becoming Less Intelligent and What it Means for the Future
007 blew it up
Rip
You mean it wasn't because Sean Bean was there?
Sad to see this engineering icon destroyed.  I seen the telescope in 1986.
This that Battlefield 4 map
Everyone knows the telescope was really destroyed by James Bond in 1995.
The history of the NSF in relation to this structure makes one wonder if it was intentionally compromised.
No big deal
when are they going to make dehumidifying underwear
America is  surrendering to China. Greed, corruption and treachery abounds throughout America's local, state, and federal government. Even throughout the entire educational process of the young. No borders means no Country. China builds everything bigger and better and faster because Americans buy everything made in China and the American people fund many Chinese projects.  The pandemic is man made which Fauci funded in China also using American taxes.
Catch the drone guy. He did it
Maybe if dude didn't sound like he was talking to his kid.
They use this as a filming location in 007 goldeneye.
They made the battlefield map in real life?!?!?
another good reason not to hire the lowest bidder when constructing some thing so critical, if they would have hired the higher bidder those cables would have been assembled correctly. and would have used the best materials, instead of the cheapest money could buy!.  you really have to give it to the shuttle crew men and women, it had to take guts to fly in space on a machine with 270,000 parts built by the lowest bidder!.
As an engineering student, as a structural damage inspector and as a Puertorican thank you for making this video! I too hope we come back with a better endeavor! Thanks Grady 🇵🇷
Carl Sagan book...
Almost nobody pronounces "auxiliary" correctly.
They should just rebuild the dish and put a set of tracks around the circumference with a crane lifting the gregorian dome, the crane can be anywhere around the dish, and itself can rotate for maintenance or tear down for weather.
This problem is endemic with government organizations.  They can always find money to buy and build things, but never plan for the maintenance costs.  Ask the military how many expensive weapons systems are out of service at any given time for lack of maintenance or spare parts.
they knew it needed repair but nobody did any thing to fix it and let it fall apart, what a God damn waste!.
Could Congress please just remove all TV channels and only put on this guy, plesant Voice, objective, balanced and fact based in dept reporting. If TV was like this the world would be a better place and everybodies IQ would be at least double. Im so happy that you have millions of subscribers and thank you for your great work.
So the maintenance is apparently done by a single man with mustache.
You have a voice perfect for this kind of reporting. It actually adds to the story.
A bit generous to call it a megastructure.
As a structural engineer, right of the hand, I think the main reason for failure was due to overloading the deck.   Then, its location geographically didn't help either over time.  Finally, lack of maintenance played a big role.  Tension cables should have been replaced as often as every 10 years or so.
Incredibly sad seeing that icon fall.
One of so many terrible things to happen in 2020. What an achievement, and what a loss.
Who are they (Puerto Ricans) going to blame? Hurricane Maria? Former president Trump?
did they tie downs ever get in the way of signals?
NaCL + H20 = steel's worst nightmare
James Bond was responsible for this.
I thought they took it down themselves?
Very bizarre. I just played BF4 map 10 minutes ago that has this. Then this showed up
Right. So it wasn't agent 007 after all.
What actually happened: Me and the boys with c4 detonating the wires
Am I the only one who heard 18 inches about half a meter. What 😅😅 see yourself 10:57
No cable lasts 60 years on an island with salty air. Any engineer know this especially whith mixed metals hence electrolysis.  But Puerto Rico is hot and people are lazy living la vida loca.
No bro ,the natives broke the thing because it was left alone for too long , there’s bridges that still work and are not rusted yet from the 60s or very little rust   I call vandalized and poor security
Failure to maintain routinely - typical of what government does when it wants to get rid of something. Expect a much more expensive project in the next iteration.
“The national science foundation took over the facility in 1969” The way he phrased that sounded like the seized it by force
Fascinating! Thank you!
I wonder to what degree the egregious habit of designing to MINIMUM requirements, an engineering practice considered "elegant" after WW2, played in the various component failures.    Redundancy is why many very old structures are still standing.
me shooting my T90 at the cables
Yeah, it's because Pierce Brosnan blew it up.
What a lovely invention that telescope was, and what wonderful work it did during its “lifespan.”   I hope you’re right and its legacy will be something even more amazing in its footprint.
There are a lot of comments and memes about BF4 and James Bond, while funny a little bit tone deaf. Especially if you where born and live in the island. But nonetheless there still funny.
I was born in Puerto Rico and still live there. I got to see this structure in a school trip in 7th grade. I remember when we where entering the balcony and then see this massive structure, it was way bigger than expected. In pictures it looks small but nope, really big. That was around 6 years ago. I got the chance to see it before it collapsed. It will be missed undead.
It's so frustrating to see people joking about Golden eye and Battlefield as if this isn't a monumental loss for my country
N64, Goldeneye
Never underestimate the corrosive powers of salt water. 60 miles is nothing. Looking back its awsome it lasted as long as it did.
Laughs in Battlefield 4
Didn't remember bf4 looking this good
Mulțumim!
Safety factor of 2 in 1960.  Then double the load and add a couple more cables on each tower. What could possibly go wrong. The structural engineer from the sixty's is rolling over in his grave.
Crew after the dome crashes into mirror: can WE fix IT? Fuck no.
It seems, with hindsight, that a lot of changes could have been made during the refit, like adding strain gauges for example, that might have saved the structure. I hope it gets rebuilt.
Pls.  We all know why the Telescope failed.  It was Trevelyan.    Well, if we want to split hairs, it was really Bond, but...
The drone footage is incredibly lucky.
I blame Alec Trevelyan.
Excellent presentation about a telescope I had only seen in a James Bond film, I never knew about it’s history or details of its demise.
For England, James?
I remember when it was first put into service. I was in HS and it was quite an accomplishment. However technology has moved on. It will probably never be replaced. It was only built in the first place to monitor the Soviet Union's nukes.  We have better technology today and many types of observation can be accomplished from space with satellites. If a base is built on the moon,  something like it may be built there, but the size could probably be much smaller due the the fact that signals can be amplified and computers can remove noise, unlike in the 60's.  Today, we can look back in time and hear remnants of the Big Bang. How is that done?
Nice Job !.. Back in March  2010 , I made a Ham Radio contact  reflecting signals off the moon with the  Aricebo ham Radio operators on  432 mhz ..Which was extreamly exciting , Will suerly miss the the science of such an awesome Radio Telescope..
we really have become pussies havn't we.. remember when we build dams and atleast 1 person would die per week or so? yet contract to build dams where still made.
🔥🔥🔥
Hello Grady. We recently had some major flash flooding in our city here in the desert of Albuquerque NM and I was wondering if you could do a video on the infrastructure of how cities handle flood waters that don't usually get a lot of water. Thanks bud.  Daniel.
I guess 007 was there ;)
Fun fact: when James Bond runs across the bridge, it’s not the main actor but the stunt double. The real James Bond was sitting on the cafeteria area of the satellite for tourist having cafecito and Pastelitos.  True story
So you think you’re going to demolish me? I’ll go in my time on my terms.
Aw shucks, it broke when the Anunnaki from the planet Nibiru are coming.  What a great way to hide it from the world.
It felt guilty about killing Sean Bean years ago and ended itself.
imagine being on shift at the time.
Are we sure they didn’t blow it up for a bond film,
FOR ENGLAND, JAMES?
Another youtuber AvE has talked a lot about cables failing well under their load weights, when they cycle through stress loads over and over. I trust both your opinions on situations like this
I love your videos.  The brain 🧠needs facts to learn.
this video was put out by big pharma. what actually happened to that telescope was they vaccinated it and it caught autism and then it led to it collapsing.
Certeza que foi culpa do Bolsonaro!
What happened was that James Bond was fighting Sean Bean to stop his plan to use the Goldeneye weapon and rob the bank of England and it collapsed.
For engineers, that closeup drone footage was incredibly interesting. Often times with collapses and failures all you have to go on are witness statements, a blurry CCTV video from a few hundred metres away, and analysis of the rubble to piece together the causes. But to see the realtime cable failure in such detail is super exiting.  Loosing the telescope was terrible, but I do love how the engineers involved did the correct thing and judged the safety risk was too great, the telescope collapse was a tragedy for the scientific community but we can all take comfort that it wasn't a tragedy in terms of human lives.
You forgot to mention the earthquates at the start of 2020 for 1 or 2 months, daily constant earthquakes.
How do you ensure all of these little reflectors are perfectly oriented? On such a large scale, I imagine the tiniest imperfection, during manufacturing or assembly, would lead to that thing reflecting somewhere completely different than it should.
I'm really liking these videos on engineering failures/catastrophes. I think it's a great way of showing people that one of the best ways engineers and industries learn is from mistakes.
Just know what was done to improve the Telescope and added weight I would say to have been safe it needed 6 towers holding every thing up and it should have been disassembled after twenty years and all new cables replaced put back up and all the towers inspected. Putting all of that up and expecting it to stay up forever with no way to safely take it down was dumb.
Sean Bean broke it.
I really wonder why it survived the storms of 2017 but collapsed 2020 in calm weather. So did the chipped paint occurred starting from 2017 or not before the first cable break in August 2020? This could indicate if the storms weakened the cables and prepared the collapse 3 years later, or if there was some serious damage after 2017.
Maybe a safety factor of 2 was too small, but what was the designed life span? It did stand for 60 years before suffering a slow and predictable collapse that injured no one. That's not good, but it's not all that bad either.
That failure footage was like watching a grandparent die in slow motion
Great video! Comprehensive and very informative from all aspects. The drone photography of the failure was epic. Thank you for sharing this video!
What happened? 007 dropped it on 006.
I first heard of Arecibo when i came across the Arecibo Message…..check that shit out.
rip
If it was a military programme the design factors were probably more geared towards expediency in getting it set up and more importantly - detecting nuclear weapons.  When you consider those circumstances it probably live much longer than the initial design life of 5 to nuclear winter years.
I think they built it backwards. It would have been better to have a central tower, rather than the suspension system. Like the deesign of a sattelite dish, with an arm holding the reciever.
why did you steal this idea from tomscott? and how long where you waiting for its failure
I wonder how they came up with naming one of the three big towers 'tower 4'. And if they had decided to demolish the Teleskope, how would they have done without causing stress on the cables by shifting load? Did the constructing engineers consider a way to demolish their building or was is more like a 'fire and forget' situation?
Very sad. It provided many cool discoveries over the years. I wondered what happened to it.  It was a marvel of engineering.  Thank you for the video. The drone shots as the cables failing was spectacular. In slow motion you can see each wire break.  I hope they will replace it with a new telescope that it safer.
Wasn’t that place one of the last levels on 007 goldeneye n64?
Arecibo did its job. Time for a new one
I thought James Bond broke it in the Golden Eye
Sad that I never visited Arecibo, but I hope that the site will have a successor. Call it "el Arecibisimo"
For England James?   No, for me....  A A A A A A G G H
Rogue transmission levelution event in real life.
I hope they would at least saved the iconic Gregorian Dome for museum exhibition
I swear I could hear Sean Bean's scream from the bottom of the pit.
I know exactly what happened (people are dumbasses)
Classic AMERICAN tax dollars waste and corruption.
Looks like levolotion ;)
For England, James?
James bond blew it up.
Wasn't this destroyed by James Bond and Sean Bean in Goldeneye?
A very informative video, but who chose your background?
Watching the collapse of the Arecibo Telescope is like watching the collapse of future knowledge.   It was so sad to see this happen.
Your frequency chart appears to vary amplitude instead of wavelength
I really hope that they rebuild it with a modern design that is possible today with the current computer models, Arecibo radio telescope is way too iconic to just fade from existence
The uptight nerve superfamily level because september postnatally file toward a unruly duckling. observant, assorted beret
"The Arecibo Telescope was..."  Me, in denial: "IS!! ARECIBO IS!!"
Hi
Clearly someone put C4 on the support wires
007 detroyed it in golden eye cause the bad people were using it to control their evil satellite. That's what happened!
The cables were 60 years on salty moist air, I think It's pretty obvious why the structure failed
UFO are always flying there. How do I know. I used to lived there. And used a 3rd generation night vision goggles.
Interesting, but old news.
What a wonderful picturing of the failure of Science.
I say it all the time, were good a building stuff. But forget to maintain it. Just like the gas line that blew up in NYC
“For England, James?”
You can tell the difference in generations by which game they name here. (Golden eye is the only correct answer)
Why do you talk like you're out of breath
They like, never cleaned that thing.
Lack of preventative maintenance.
For Britain, James?
My vote: Chinese Saboteurs.
What happened... James Bond happened
That suspended radar was over 50 years old. It most likely outlived its creators.
Iconic
This happened only December 2020? It fells like it was at least 2 years ago
Thank you for sharing your knowledge over the years here on the Channel Grady. Always plain and simple to understand the complex topics when you explain them.
I blame Trevelyan.
The difference between arecibo and the dish in china, is that acrecibo was a radar dish and by that metric it was by far the largest radar dish. Its destruction severely reduced our ability to accurately resolve location and velocity data for nearby objects
Kudos to the engineers for establishing the safety barrier. We live in an age of immense acceleration knowledge. Engineering development and progress is the science of mankind which defines us as a whole.   Such a shame we can’t be as successful when it comes to ‘social-engineering’ where there’s divide between silly humans over the centuries
Why didn't they just use tonnes of rope hold it up and and take thing down slowly
I blew it up when I was playing battlefield 4 last year, my bad.
Wait, Didnt they have the James Bond Goldeneye  Showdown in that place as well?!
I remember this thing from Goldeneye 007
It fell apart because there was no routine maintenance being done on the equipment. Perfect education class should be, this is what happens when routine maintenance isn't performed as it should be, and the equipment is left to the elements.
arecibo *discovers alien messages*  USA: 🧨
The telescope also made a cameo in the 1995 James Bond Golden Eye and was the final fight area
Good thing Tom Scott visited it while he could. Reminds me of the video of the village that is sinking.
Levolution happened.
my lawnmower is older then this thing and it still cuts the grass to this day.....this country (usa) is in trouble
It was also an emblem of humanity’s interest and curiosity of our place in the universe……and also an awesome Supervillain base (Goldeneye) and helped contact an alien intelligence (Contact) ! 🤣😂🤣
Zinc slowly corrodes in air, particularly salt air.  For this reason, a Spelter socket has a limited service life.  Those cables should have been replaced in an overhaul after 40 years in service. With new sockets and anchor  structures.
The China one is so much bigger and better, Arecibo was junk
It is curious the lack of depth in his videos. Good production and so on but diving into a steel cable structure, exposed to hurricane events, and no mention is made on cyclic fatigue of the steel cables....
i believe that was planned
"What Really Happened at the Arecibo Telescope?" It is crumbling just like all the rest of America!
Жаба цицьку дала
as a Puerto Rican, it still hurts to watch the video of the cable breaking but it’s also astonishing as a aerospace engineer student. great video!
Everyone is talking about Battlefield 4, but who remembers the level in Goldeneye on the 64?
I am happy this thing collapsed without any casualties. But most of all I am happy to hear it did collapse! In the past centuries mankind got hypnotized by technology, asking mainly “what can be done”. Instead of “should it be done”, “are we allowed to do so” or “is it wise”. I am not speaking about manmade laws or religion. We harm nature and neglect the law of the universe to pursue our goals that is not balanced or wise and it will come back to us. Everything in the universe has to be balanced. If something like a giant telescope is constructed by foolish engineers then nature will balance it, e.g. by destroying the structure.
One of the ropes that held the weight of the telescope really broke, the others did not hold it anymore, it also broke and the structure collapsed. End...
Another consideration of the strength of the original Aricebo design is the circumstances of it's creation. In the late 59s there were no reliable systems for detecting missle launches in a timely manner. The Department of Defense was funding many possible scientific proposals and evaluating them for deployment. Aricebo was built quickly to address a present threat. A maintenance program was only created after the fact.
Aliens………they took out our radar in preparation of the invasion.
"Cables were regularly painted" Cables are not supposed to be painted, they should be left bare but impregnated with grease. This keeps out water, inhibits corrosion and lubricates between stands as they shift under varying load. The Aricebo cables were originally bare and greased, but then when a James Bond scene was to be filmed there on the suspended antenna, the directors insisted that the cables had to be painted white for appearance in the movie. The site management allowed that. And so the telescope's fate was sealed - by a James Bond film shoot. The paint prevented keeping the cables properly grease-filled. They began corroding. Expansion due to corrosion places uneven loads on different strands...
So heartbreaking to see footage of this thing in action, having it's operation explained in detail and to know it's ultimate fate.
Thank you! Awesome video, as always!!!
From being used for observation to being used for observation, how is one more peaceful than the other?  Oh, because one was observing to protect by gathering knowledge, while the other  was observing only to gather knowledge but not actually use it.  Whacky priorities.
It failed because it wasn't maintained.  Wear and tear was ignored.  No one wanted to spend money on repairs and maintenance.  Everything breaks down.  There are no exceptions.
I thought I was first one to comment on Goldeneye “ For England ,James?”
It’s no secret to us who live in PR that maintenance was being neglected because of lack of funding from the NSF going at least as far back as 2006. The engineers made petitions to increase the funding in order to do more effective maintenance but the funding kept decreasing instead. That lack of funding was discussed several times over the years in the local media. IMO the NSF abandoned the Arecibo telescope because it was not longer a “favorite toy”. It’s sad because as mentioned in the video, the telescope was one of the most recognizable landmarks in the island.
I remember launching teammates Jeep’s over the telescope with c4 in BF4
"For England James?" "No, for me."     Famous last words.
Bf4 predicted it all...
007. That’s it.
Those cables should have been cadmium plated.
Rebuild it!!!!
Awesome video, and I wouldn't have even known this happened otherwise
excellent presentation.
well, they saved on taking it down.. Next time, a better replacement / maintenance plan..
The acidic var verbs = [aardvark advisably suck because archeology postoperatively seal following a rhetorical afternoon. spiritual, changeable vibraphone
San Francisco's Golden Gate Bridge was built 83 years ago. It's exposed to very rough, wet and salty conditions. The 500 vertical ropes were replaced once, in the 70ies. The two main cables were not. Their corrosion can't be stopped, but only be slowed down. The bridge structure got some weight relieve though when they replaced the heavy lane deck with a lighter one some time ago.
Yes, it will be better to build a new one. 60 years has been good value and right the new one will be so much further on in technology and the engineers can benefit from lessons learned.
😢
Let's see if governments will budget the construction of Arecibo v. 2.0, or whether they will deem it as too expensive and waste that money on some BS, like they always do.
Why not just lower the platform until funding or plans for new structure points was accepted seems like they wasted time on useless shit instead of getting it done making the failure inevitable.
This has been covered by soo many channels already lol everything I heard was old news😴
They filmed the 1997 movie contact there too. And species movie beside JB golden eye movie
It should be remade to modern one!
Why was it built in such a difficult location in the first place?  Why not build it in the Nevada Desert?
Thanks to watching videos like yours I pause that 50 seconds looking at the structure and seeing how it's held up by metal cables I'm going to assume that one of the towers failed causing the collapse
A dome added later that is 1/3 of the total is probably ok, but when that much weight is off center, and moving and rotating, and that far off center ?. that's a good place to test and investigate
The footage of the cables braking and the telescope crashing is breathtaking.
What an amazing Doc. And that drone crew being up there filming THE exact end of it, and not getting smacked out of the sky was beyond belief luck. You folks did SUCH a great job on this...
This dude literally made an entire video about a controlled demolition thinking it was a failure.. what
Maybe considering the corrosive property of salt air - they could have replaced cables every so often? If, say, 20 years ago they decided to replace one cable every 5 years?  4 new cables might have held it up
just another example of amercia's decline
So why wasn't this properly maintained over the years? Why did the managing organization in charge of Arecibo let it degrade to the point of failing? You didn't answer this basic question. This is main reason I clicked this video. To learn who is responsible for this collapse and WHY they failed at their job of maintaining this structure.
Built in the early 1960s, survived until 2020, that's almost 60 years of service. For a structure built without computer modelling, that's a good life. I commend the engineers who built it. I commend the science it brought to us.  The learning! and lastly, commendations to the engineers who decreed it to unsafe to repair, for it was. Vale, Arecibo.  You did well.
battlefield did it first
Its almost as if they wanted it to collapse on its own...more funds?
Metal fatigue at its finest.
I really enjoy your content. As an engineer who grew up while Great Britain was dumping the Imperial measurement system to fall in line with Europe using the metric system, I am able to interchange measurements between them. Feet and yards, to metres is confusing. A foot is just over 300mm or 0.305 metres. 2'6" is 0.76m. As a metre is just under 39 3/8" I can remember all the trouble changing over caused but I have to admit using metres and millimetres is very much easier.  I do hope they build another scope of equally futuristic design as the engineers in the 50s.
Iv battled here a lot of times. On BF4 🤣🤣
How did they get the center triangle platform up in the first place?
Excellent video. As an engineer working aircraft structures, you are spot on regarding safety factors. Seems like they had a well calibrated mathematical model from which to make reliable predictions. But failing well below the predicted strength begs the question: were fatigue and damage tolerance ever a consideration? That vertical supports were required leads me to think that even the slightest of deflection in the system repeated millions of times over the years had to accrue structural damage. Such theories pertaining to aircraft were in their infancy in the 50’s and 60’s. So I’d have to think their application was likely less considered on such a unique structure.   Just one person’s speculation.
These videos are excellent 👍
Thank you for the very interesting video. The question of how such repairs could be made in those circumstances remains very prominent to me. I wonder why such structures are not planned with that in mind. Replacing wires should be standard on such constructions especially in this kind of environment exposed to salty air and harsh elements.
Levolution happened.
007 blew it up in GoldenEye.
Takk!
Rest in peace 006
I’m surprised the telescope survived through 2 hurricanes it looks so fragile
James Bond style destruction
If there was ever an epic fail? This is one of those ones
Cables were temporary for design life. You could now build this with a steel superstructure and it would last a hundred years. The computer would fill in the gaps of the added stronger structure.
It’s not every day you get to see such a catastrophic failure from such a large structure.
I can't believe I didn't hear about this until this video. Looks like 006 has his revenge.
I remember it from the film Contact which is based off of Carl Sagan's novel. I am incredibly sad to hear that it is gone.
Engineers couldn't access the site? Hmm.
Thank you for giving this beautiful instrument the send-off it deserved.
Lack of qualified engineers and money. The telescope was far beyond it's design life. You can't fix stupid.
He's going to keep prounouncing it that way through the entire video isn't he...
Fix it.
The teeny-tiny bubble spatially nest because chicken probably squeal alongside a scarce kayak. mighty, cowardly lier
Todays words are: redundancy and safety factor. Don't you ever forget them.
Neglect. Next!
The useless underclothes speculatively interfere because toy surely carve despite a seemly north. jealous, resonant city
this gave us no extra information....
*That's because it's levolution, baby.*
Considering it's initial purpose, I wouldn't be surprised if haste took precedent over any longevity. A shame considering it's second life was quite groundbreaking.  My heart still sink thinking about it, let alone seeing the footage of the collapse 😭
Didn't go back and address that a heavy new instrument had been placed on the cable supported structure just a few years prior.
If it's possible, I would wanna see a new telescope built.  One with aluminum panels that aren't rigidly placed (maybe the whole surface could be folded up like an origami flower and stored for when storms are on the way or the telescope isn't in use), and a receiver which can be flown like a drone rather than suspended from cables (or somehow raised and lowered rather than staying rigidly in one place all the time).  The panels could even be set up as a series of hexagons rather than a solid piece.  This would mean setup and removal takes longer, but it's safer overall for everyone and everything involved because there's not so much weight to deal with, and any damage that *is* sustained is localized.  The main issue I see here is that the cables were installed in such a way that replacement was already difficult at best, impossible at worst.  Being able to raise and lower the main load (the platform) would likely allow the telescope to keep going for many years to come, and with the delicate panels underneath able to be folded up and removed, this could reasonably be achieved in any of a variety of ways, even if the platform is too heavy to fly.  But hey, it's possible that I don't know enough about the subject to know what I'm talking about.  It's just an idea.  :D
ok so it was just another massive waste of taxpayer dollars, got it
it crashed cuz james bond and alec trevelion were battling on it yo, landed right on my boys face
Isn't that the scope that detected the "wow" signal?
What if they just replaced the first broken cable after it broke
ALLiENS SEND message, Dont mess with the m hahahaha
RIP Arecibo… it’s unfortunate the funding died.
Did it fall on Trevelyan?! Hated that bitch and his running ass! Goldeneye n64 memories
It's official, when Grady covers the subject.
I've seen the video, it was Chip Douglas.
This was a great Battlefield 4 map!
All I could think of was falling off the dish and into the jungle. Thinking about how I can land without dying. Can you make a video on safely landing from a legendary dish that is collapsing?
"no one was injured, though many were startled."
The bigger question is why the population of Puerto Rico has collapsed?
6:35 Little known fact; Hurricane Maria was so powerful that it collapsed the tallest ever built structure in Puerto Rico; the Yiye Avila Tower https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=by12Ru54jow&ab_channel=VisionsofPuertoRico  It would not be surprising if it may have damaged the Arecibo Telescope as well.
TIL that the Arecibo dish is not fixed, it's not solid. Just a bunch of tiles My life is a lie
13:35 not only bf 4 predicted the collapse, they also got the tower breaks correct
Everybody knows Alec Trevelyan did it.
Arecibo was a success and inspiration throughout its lifetime and remains so to this day.
Personally I blame the advancing US short term mentality for the failure. Modern day US looks more and more like a spoiled child with a new toy: it's extatic at first, playing with the toy all it can, but then quickly loses interest and the toy is tossed to the side and forgotten.  The Arecibo Telescope lasted for a long time, only because it was built in a different era. In those days maintenance was still a thing, because people valued what Arecibo meant and could do. But as technology advanced and at some point surpassed what Arecibo was capable of, interest waned and funding and therefore maintenance declined, until finally the breaking point was reached.   Think I'm exaggerating? Just have a look at the infrastructure in the US and you'll basically see the same thing: all kinds of dams, bridges and other infrastructural parts were once built as technological marvels. And then they were left to rot, because people were "over it" and maintenance costs money, money a significant part of US citizens is not willing to invest in infrastructure.
Excuse me, but monitoring the atmosphere for nuclear warheads accomplished far more for the cause of peace than 50 years of radio astronomy.  That quip about "more peaceful purposes" is very oddly out of place. Total non sequitur.
All things considered, the next one people build will probably be better off thanks what we've learned at this one's demise
This is the telescope from the Bond move Goldeneye!
Battlefield 4 will never be the same
Grady, thanks for this video on Arecibo.    It was so very iconic, I had a computer crunching SETI at Home data for years (data from there) and I will definitely miss what that telescope represented.  Fingers crossed for what's next!
Love the content
Damn, Did they revamp rogue transmission? The levelution is stunning!
The storms has stressed the cables as they could handle the lateral loads from swinging caused by storms
That's why people use the safety factor of 3.
It should have been at least 6x stronger than needed
This was awesome, Grady. Thank you.
Uhhhhhh battlefield 4 anyone?
I remember watching documentaries about this in elementary school in the 80s where the host was literally driving underneath the dish. Amazing structure.
Collapse due to structural damages incurred when 006 fell
I never even heard of this
Dont for get c4 of BF4 player
Wait, so EA and DICE are predicting IRL events now?
Someone destroyed the cables on the supports, duh. I saw it happen all the time in 2015.
Hey! I’ve seen this one! I’ll also tell you the hanging thing in the middle will fall down, and that you gotta watch out for the AA when in a helicopter. Wait what?
stole money nooo maintain, collapse
Living in Puerto Rico and born here, when I heard this news my heart completely sank. I never got to see it in person, but many praise it for being amazing in person. We knew it was gonna happen someday, thanks to the government and using it's funds incorrectly, but it still sank my heart when it eventually fell.
Wow crazy!! I had no idea this happened like damn! That sucks such a loss for the scientific community.
CQ, this is W-9 GFO here....       We need a bigger anthena....
Battlefield 4 players: “heyyyy, I’ve seen this one before!”
Someone obviously strapped c4 to the cables
The real question is, why has this not been rebuilt with newer tech that would alleviate much of the weight.
and i thought that thing was built just for the 007 movie
Where is Scott Manley!, oh once you see this, Hi there! :-D
Very interesting and comprehensive. As a native I'm sure that I, as well as many Puerto Ricans and the scientific community, will miss this iconic and scientifically productive structure. I have visited the site and I have seen it in movies too.
Welp now bf4 levolution map is accurate
Engineer "we have to make a model" Maintainer "Um, can we fix the damn thing" Time "here ya go suckers"... lol
Excellent video. As a kid,  I fell in love with Arecibo thanks to movies like Golden Eye and Contact.   Such a marvel
Damn tankers always causing the levolution events, I just want to climb up there in peace!
Me. "Watching xfiles with no lights on, al amazeon, i hope the smoking man is in this one."  Little green men. Season 2 episode 1
Should of had a Becket connection on the cable like cranes do, to thwart a failure.
What happened? Have you guys not seen golden eye?
BF4 Levelution happened.
Sounds like it far exceeded its original design life.
Already now this would happen Did no one played BF4
Thank you. One should remember that it was a 60 years old facility, that experienced many hurricanes, that a very heavy part was added to it 25 years ago, and that there was not enough budget to properly maintain it.
All that gunfire from Pierce Brosnan must be a contributing factor
Since I was a child, I've always wanted to visit the Arecibo Observatory and I kept insisting on my parents to visit someday in that place. Maybe in 2011, we traveled around 2½ to 3 hours approx. from our home and finally arrived at the location. When I first saw that with my own eyes, I was very amazed in looking at the massive structure in suspension for the first and last time. Soon, I knew about the failure 1 month later after the events in January 2021, really surprised me as I never expected that to fail so badly that completely got destroyed into thousands of pieces. Is truly a magnificent instrument that got all of it's use over the years until that point, made me really sad that such an iconic place is gone in just seconds. That was an interesting video!
Very nice video. And I was surprised by a couple of things: spelter sockets normally are filled with resin, rather than with molten zinc, but that was not available back in the days yet. Furthermore, components like sockets, shackles, etc typically have a factor of safety of 4 or 5 these days, much higher than during construction of the facility. Given the conditions and modifications, I am actually suprised that it was able to stay in tact for so long.
True story of my experience of engineers - We built an octagonal retaining wall for an engineer once. During a lunch break, we figured out the lengths to cut the timber on the back of a pie wrapper with a pencil and iPhone calculator. The engineer saw us doing this, was a bit amused, and told us he would figure it the correct way for us. Hours later he came back with 8 sheets of paper of CAD printings and calculations and degrees etc etc. We were bamboozled but knew his measurements wouldn’t work. By this time it was the end of the day so we didn’t start cutting. The next morning he came out with more paper and drawings and stuff, told us he had made a mistake, and these were the new correct measurements. They were the same as what we had written on the pie wrapper. The guy designed highways and bridges.
Rumor has it that Pierce Brosnan was behind the collapse…with Sean Bean beneath it
14:24 as some one who plays battlefield 4 every time i see these i get the urge to place C4.
If the Arecibo lasted 60 years with the technology of its time, how long do you think an Arecibo MKII would last if one was constructed with the same general design today? I.e. 3 towers suspending the receiver over the huge dish
Watching the movie Contact in 1997 or 98.
You are able to destroy this on bf4 😭
Government and other sponsor threats paid them to retrofit, but they used the money for other reasons.
just like it did in Battlefield..... fucking wild
Someone got sniped by a camper and detonated C4 on the cables
If I remember correctly, it failed in the mid 90s, due to an explosion at the underground Goldeneye space-weapon control station.
I can’t be the only one thinking of the Battlefield 4 map…
Only 3 towers holding the load for 60 years ?  Ya.  There should have been 18 towers, at least.  Shades of the Tacoma Narrows Bridge collapse.  Pure incompetence.
yo they made rogue transmission a real thing
007 belike for England 😎
0:02 *Rouge Transmission Levolution flashbacks*
Very troubling. Could this perhaps mean all cables of this sort from this vintage could maybe be ready to pop?
Rip telescope
Oh! What a disaster!.. Great explanation in detail...
There's No Autodesk back then to do the simulation. Nevertheless it's amazing piece of engineering.
Levolution!!!
Excellent video! You've done so many videos covering the principles behind engineering, and these videos where we see those principles put into practice are amazing!
its 60 years old its probobly old and rusty af
everything that fall... will rise... stronger
GOLDEN EYE N64
Arecibo was designed and built to be an incoherent scatter radar to study the ionosphere. I’ve given up every expecting anyone to recognize that was what its primary purpose was. The radio astronomers took over only because it’s much, much cheaper to listen than to transmit.
Thanks for cover this. I have the opportunity to go when I was young. Was a awesome place
Rogue Transmission... Only the most cultured men will understand.
This happened to my buddy in BF4
There was a drone?? Recording the second it failed?!!!
Real men wouldn't let a little danger stop them from saving this treasure
BF4 Players be like: Ya bud, it’s called levolution and it’s a part of the map.
Why it failed?  Bad engineering....
Thank you for this excellent coverage of the Arecibo Telescope. Subscribed!
Grady, thank you so much for this video. I've fond memories of visiting Arecibo and to watch it collapse was heartbreaking. Respect to your work.
Thanks for changing the song at the start the other one was awful
Damn I didn't even know
I didn't know this was a real thing, I thought it was just a map on BF4
As usual a very thorough presentation. Glad to have been able to see it.
The parthenon failed in Greece, yet engineers are working to make functional the magnificent columns. On the way to recover the ancient building they found how it was built. On rebuilding Arecibo, they shall uncover the how and why the collosus failed. It shall also increase our fascination for science and history. Meanwhile, keep on looking to the hights.
Thanks!
I saw this and instantly thought “bf4”
Video Idea / Video Suggestion:  Why are American railroad companies switching over from traditional railroad tracks to modern "continuously welded rails"?   The continuously welded rails appear to be highly susceptible to bending, flexing, and cracking due to heat yet these new rails are very popular.  Traditional rails had expansion joints installed to greatly mitigate the bending issues; what's wrong with the old tech?
Levolution!
the big mistake was not making it so the array could be lowered for service.
Damn they made battlefield 4 in real life?
As a retired reliably engineer I can say that the design could have incorporated a few mitigation systems. One would be the ability to regularly change the cables. Two would be storm load protection. Three have the ability to lower the receiver to the ground for maintenance.  In terms of design the dynamic wind and movement forces are usually significantly more than static.  No allowance seems to have been made for metal fatigue in the design
Super Mario at 3:20
Seems symbolic of the lack of financial support for research. A very sad thing to see.
I love this channel so much.
Why do people cry about this falling down?
what is the cables broke because of the animals and weather
Sign petition Outlaw discrimination against those who do not get a Covid-19 vaccination - Petitions (parliament.uk) https://petition.parliament.uk/petitions/575801
Two and a half feet is about a meter?  You're joking or ignorant.  Meter is 39.37 inches. 2.5 feet is 30 inches. So 2.5' is  76.2% of a meter.  76.2 is not about 100%.
stellar video. terrific footage. informative and engaging. thank you so much!
Rogue Transmission?
*I didnt know the concrete towers were capable of leaning inwards, **10:50** lol.*
James Bond blast it  ...?
Excellent video. Grady you are one of the best at explaining stuff like this. Keep up the great work!
See levelution sucks irl
Everything made will turn to dust
"Even the Mona Lisa painting falling apart".
True failure is the lack of funding in national science, way to go AMERICA
Anyone else getting BF4 vibes watching it fall.
Metal fatigue could be another factor. With the cyclical loads of a suspected structure steel can fatigue to the point that it fails under it rated capacity.
Alec was too heavy
Someone was playing Battlefield 4 in real life
Battlefield 4 predicted it
You would think something this important would be insured for replacement. And if they do have insurance for replacement how come construction on a new one isn't going on right now?
downvoted because no reason given for failure
So where is the elder scroll
Thank you for another excellent episode! I have known about Arecibo for a long, long time and always wanted to visit and see it. I am sad that it has happened, but amazed that it lasted so long.
Someone did a Battlefield 4 levelution in real life...
Anyone here played battlefield 4 ?
Lowest bid contractor for the added cables 🤦‍♀️
Sea air and humidity can't be underestimated. Add to that, cables naturally become brittle over time reducing their ability to absorb sudden stress, eg. hurricanes and other cable failures. I'm a bit surprised it lasted that long without better upkeep and regularly swapping out old cables. Hope it can be rebuilt bigger and better than before.
I call Bs on the whole thing.  They sent up a drone and then it just  collapsed ???  Come on now.  What is the odds that after 60 years and you send up a drone to check on the cables and it just comes down on video like that ????     I smell a big Insurance scam
Obviously someone put C4 on the cable mounts and blew it up
bummer.
Rogue Transmission...
1:40 this is incorrect. angular resolution is determined by area, as per the Rayleigh criterion. Exposure time affects sensitivity and signal to noise ratio, not resolution. you could focus a radio telescope on a spot in the sky for 100 years and still not be able to resolve whether an object is two closely-spaced stars or if one large star, whereas a telescope with a larger dish (or two telescopes spaced apart from each other) could do so almost immediately.  I know this is practical engineering and not practical astronomy or practical optical physics, and that this video is simplified for the layman, but treating exposure time and aperture size as two interchangeable qualities that can be swapped around to achieve the same thing is more than a simplification, its false.
Didn't this happen a while ago
It actually collapsed a long time ago when james bond killed tralveon
When battlefield 3 prediction were real
Too bad they didn't just put up temporary towers and cables to relieve the stress.
Battlefield 4 vibes anybody?
battlefield 4  is what happened
Crazy times here on BF4
I'm going to need some more details about the FEM verification bruh.  At 9:52 I see that the model underpredicts the deflection at corner 4 by 50%, over predicts the deflection at corner 8 by infinity %, and gets corner 12 right by chance.  Either you're leaving out details, or you're setting up the FEM to be a scapegoat for the failure.  I expect more due diligence from a channel that has a capital "E" for "engineer".
The foregoing cockroach phylogenitically analyse because poet eventually trade about a sweltering profit. uttermost, alcoholic father-in-law
1:42 That look like the place in Socorro, NM. That is awesome place to visit.
BATTLEFIELD
It fell cause I blew up one of the structural cables with c4!
I never heard or saw anything about it. Till it was in a famous movie.
As someone studying civil engineering your videos are extremely inspiring. I’ve been loving the failure analysis videos. Keep up the great work!
This telescope was taken out for one reason. . To stop people from seeing what is approaching earth.
someone took battlefield 4 levelution a little too serious
Great video. It really gave it justice to the site. Thanks you so much 👏
Battlefield 4 Rogue Transmission levolution in real life
james bond ):
maintenance LoL sad old story
George Harrison once said “All things must pass”
Saw the thumbnail & immediately thought "Goldeneye" but I'm not even sure that is the correct movie...
Pretty sure it was a US team recon player on point C that set the c4 on the north tower.
Came for an update on the telescope, stayed for the learning. 😁
Hey man i have been watching your video for years. I’m from PR and I visited the site when I was a child it was a lot more amazing in person. I’m sanded that we have lost it.
A very sad moment in my life, the video is very symbolic of puertorrican culture collapse. Thank you for the video
why didnt you build a scale model with googly eyes?
It was aliens!! So we would not detect them!!
I believe its called Leveloution
microphone echos
The aircraft is built to 1.5 SF.  The landing of an aircraft on a runway is built to 1.1-1.2 SF.
When you said the telescope was designed with a factor of safety of 2, was that before they added the Gregorian dome? If so, what would the new factor of safety have been under these new loading conditions?
Bf4
On topic of replacing the telescope what are some of the kinds of instruments that could be available to put in by the time the site could be ready for it?
NSF **claims** to be interested in promoting science. What they did with regards to Arecibo is demonstrably criminal negligence. The annual budget for Arecibo was only twelve million dollars (U.S.) The NSF reduced their portion to less than eight million dollars(U.S.) in 2018 and was proposed to reduce to two million dollars (U.S.) by 2023. The NSF annually spends tens of millions on what they call "equity" STEM outreach. Arecibo was education, outreach and **BASIC AND FUNDAMENTAL SCIENCE** for all of humanity. Now it is a pile of rubble and will surely cost more than twelve million dollars just to clean up. Shame is no longer portioned out properly for "big science" sham artists. BIG SCIENCE is BIG POLITICS. It is not "science".
For England, James?
I was 12 and a huge science geek when Arceibo was built in 1963. Every time I see those videos of it going down, I start leaking tears again. I guess it was past it's time for a variety of reasons, but so sad to see a wonder gone.
Battlefield players: "you mean rogue transmission?"
So how many years did they ignore the maintenance staff's concerns?
Management by Florida
Well stated. As an advanced material reinforcement and synthetic cable engineer, corrosion, and only 3 towers the harmonic and inharmonic frequencies were amplified by  only having three towers.  A 4 tower design and more cables with rubber isolators, larger water tight replaceable sleeves is a much better design and shares and spreads out predictable shock, static and dynamic loads in a superior controlled manner, easier and safer to replace cables.   Shock loading can exceed ultimate new tensile strength by as much as twice the rated tensile strength.
Loved the video. One of your most interestings so far!
Hey, I'm a new fan and have been loving your videos. I came across a video about a pump that pulls water uphill but it's not a rampump I would love if you would explain how something like it works! https://youtu.be/VeR-b0lH5j8
Loving the civil engineering failure videos.
Hmm I think it being a half century old may have a little to do with its collapse! Can me crazy
Definitely a sniper with c4.
As a Puerto Rican Civil Engineer, I thank you for this video!!
I am still crying…
Despite it's loss, I'm still proud that my school stepped up to fund this masterpiece. Hearing Grady say "University of Central Florida stepped up" put a smile on my face.  #ChargeOn
wait rouge transmission was made into a real landmark????
The landforms in that part of Puerto Rico are called Karst. Do not think of that as a sinkhole that engulfs houses and cars in the mainland US.
I always thought this telescope was awesome! It was fascinating to hear about it when I was in school. Sad it fell apart. Thank you for this wonderful video! You always do great work.
Next video suggestion do the hotel collapse in Florida. I understand investigation is on going but anything is welcome.
TL;DR version -> Old, weathered and no funding.
This is what happens when you put a job up for bids, and pick the lowest bid. You get people cutting corners in the name of profits.
fun fact the entire facility was constructed and maintained by the Puerto Rican in the red hat.
What a sad day for science & Puertoricans, when it collapsed.
I lost my favorite sniping spot :( Note that i havent played bf4 in quite some years.
It happens in battlefield 4 all the time
So this is where battlefield 4 got its idea
This is very old from the very early 2000’s
"Dont forget to favorite the server!"
why do i not see bf4 comments :(... "mysteriously failed in the middle of the night" guess dice predicted something
Absolutely fascinating! I had no idea there was video! Thanks! Subscribed!
Well thank you for documenting on the Arecibo Telescope but i think corrosion and passage of time made it weaker. Mind you it was constructed they could accomplish such a feat without mathematical modelling which is amazing. I think it served it time and its purpose in especially discovery of pulsar waves. I really hope some rich billionaire watches one of your videos and decides to take over and fund a very futuristic facility at this site. Crudos for putting it in the internet! Love your videos!
Someone shot the base cables with a tank, seen it all the time. Iykyk
Love the information you always dish out but for the love of god your mispronunciation of the name drove me nuts...  https://youtu.be/Cq0bZEsnrTE
Are cibo ???? Are cibo ????? Wtfduck ?!!!! I have NEVER before heard it mispronounced thus !!! 😯😯😯😯😯
Well, everything with time will eventually give way… it’s impressive that this mighty telescope remained functional as long as it did.
I feel like it was the Chinese that sabotaged it
Yo that was cool footage from their drone and go pro camera. The drones the best by far.u know scientists are lovin that..first hand up close seeing it happen as it begins even.thatz wild..
Thank you sir.
outstanding as always!
1st time? Goldeneye, of course! another excellent video!
Someone just really wanted to see the Levolution in action and put C4 on the cables
Great video, as usual. I hope at some point you do a video about the Surfside tragedy in Miami.
I find it amazing how you can see the forces pulling at the remaining cables on that drone footage, really sad to see it collapse though
WORST LEVOLUTION EVER
Two highly relevant words that are missing from presentation, Metal Fatigue. The constant pulling and release of tension, over the years, played a part in this collapse. Like a spring in a magazine, over time, being compressed, and decompressed, eventually leads to failures to load the cartridge properly, known as Fail To Feed in the shooting sports. The constant shifting of weights and tension that occurs when changing location and focusing distance, over time, had a significant role I would imagine. Sad loss regardless, Perhaps a carbon fiber cable and/or structural skeleton might help alleviate the load weight in a rebuild?
Rip everyone that kept C until the end 💀💀
Replace it, with  much improved materials & build it like the original - to last & be repairable.  The National Science Foundation, need to be put over a knee, & whooped, with a broad belt, for being so slack, on maintainence, on such an important Telescope.   Was mildly surprised to see it wasn't as solid, as the other photos I've seen, plus the greenery, below the dish. A very interesting place, & I'm pleased to hear, it's still in use, 'while decisions are made, concerning Aracebo's future.
Safety factors are indeed a huge part of engineering design. But, no amount of design can account for age. Everything wears out. As you noted, there is a strong possibility of salt air corrosion over the course of 50 years may have led to loss of integrity. I'm sure there were mitigating actions for the age, but from what I see, the structure and cables would be very difficult to maintain over a 50 year lifespan. Nobody beats father time except the Pyramids.
2020. The Year that would NOT stop sucking. Pinellas County FL, had some great science outreach stuff in the late 60's. I don't remember if it was the winners of the county wide science fair, or what, but one year they'd go to Arecibo, the next to the Smithsonian. It Might (gasp) have been an annual event  that the high school conducted. Back when they had money for science and the arts.
The engineers should’ve played battlefield 4
DANG... big LOSS
No no no, you got it all wrong. This was clearly the location where Alex Trevelyan attempted to activate the GoldeEye satellite to wipe out the worlds financial robber baron infrastructure and data. The facility was destroyed by James Bond on the behalf of the capitol class that rules the world. #006WasAHero #007IsAClassTraitor
It looks like the cables work-hardened at the connectors.
Correct me if I'm wrong, but shouldn't the factor of safety also consider the consequences of failure as well as the difficulty of inspection and time and cost needed for repairs/replacement?
The front fell off.
Aircraft have a safety factor of 15% as far as I know.
Really enjoy these “What Really Happened” videos. Keep em coming
That was really interesting and very well presented. Thanks for posting.
Whaaaat?!!? They made the rouge transmission map from bf4 into a real thing!!!!
Battlefield 4 knew this would happen
The GoldenEye?
Some Executive Director had a gambling habbit and ran away with the maintaince budget.
Thank you for posting.
Aliens.  They knew we found they ass.
1:12 Nobody tell the civil engineer that amplitude is different than wavelength 😉
I smell a little BS here - a drone witnessed this? It lasted so long...
Battlefield predicted this
You may be a Practical Engineer, but you are not a sound engineer. Please stand closer to the microphone, or raise the gain on the microphone.
Meh
I Blame 007
Reading the comments, I am disappointed no one mentions Rouge Transmission's levolution from Battlefield 4 😅🤣
Wonder how much weight in paint was on that platform too. If it was painted regularly, I doubt the old paint was completely removed first. Paint gets heavy and layer on layer adds more and more weight. If the cables only had a safety factor of 2 at the time of construction, increased weight from instruments, cabling, 50 years of painting, combined with 50 years of corrosion, put those cables out of spec.
From Grady’s description of the situation, the question in my mind is not “why did it fall?” but “how on Earth did it stay up as long as it did?” Low safety margins, unique design, constant exposure to salt air and tropical sun, frequent hurricanes, and in at least one case, shoddy workmanship.  It seems that receiver was staying up there mostly from force of habit.
I bet in the past they would just remove extra weight and get "some" cables to support it while stuff is being modeled not to loose this structure but nowadays so much redtape is everywhere that it wouldnt be possible...
*All those millions of dollars to NOT find life elsewhere.* 😂
Rebuild it, better than the original, *and* at a fraction of the original cost. There's no good reason why we can't. Bureaucracy is a bad reason.
I didn't even hear about the faillure.
More likely, it collapsed due to all the bullet holes. I personally must have left millions of holes in it trying to complete this level on 007 mode.
What happened pfff I'll tell you what happened a bunch of fuckboys threw c4 on the cables because they hate snipers
I cried almost non stop through this whole video.
Battlefield 4 brought me
My first time seeing this installation was its presence as a set in the movie Goldeneye (1995). It inspired awe in me as a child, and I attribute a large part of my interest in science and space to that. I'm saddened on a deep level to hear about its collapse, it's like losing a small part of myself. Hopefully someone rebuilds it, or at least the installation is converted into a museum to immortalize its history.
Ironically I’ve blown it up millions of times on battlefield 😂🤷🏻‍♂️
Bf4 theme plays…
2 words Chinese steel
battlefield 4
I love math and science and how we can predict things with those two simple tools
I was today years old when I first time heard of Arecibo.
Another amazing video, I was always inspired by the Arecibo Telescope and this video feels like closure
When you don’t spend the money to build things right, nature will make the most costly decision for you….
Wow, I didn't even hear about this. Sad to hear about the loss of this vital structure. Hopefully they will use it as an opportunity to build something better, perhaps?
** It was also to be used to identify ICBM MIRV's from decoy's in event of a nuclear attack :)
Zinc does not do well in salt heavy air.
Thank you Practical Engineering!
"For England, James?"
I know it'll take years to unpack the Surfside condominium building collapse, but I look forward to your cautionary insight on that construction disaster. Thank you, PE.
They need to splice the footage of it failing into Goldeneye!
Was this used on the James Bond film Goldeneye ?
i really enjoy these engineering failure analysis video. thank you for making these
Loving this series of "what happened at..." I learn a lot from your regular videos, too, but connecting the concepts to current events is really cool.
Small correction: Measuring for longer doesn't improve the resolution, it improves the "light" yield (and integrated signal amplitude), but the resolution is defined by the wave length and aperture according to the Rayleigh criterion. You can't get above that no matter how long you measure. However, this is why telescope arrays are useful. The effective area isn't necessarily larger than a single dish, but their aperture is defined by the distance between telescopes (which for example in the extreme case of the EHT that took the black hole image was the diameter of the earth).
cover up ....the End...next!!
The only way to do it would have been by hanging from a chopper. Very risky.
People here wondering the arecibo, while I find out the map in BF4 is actually real
One word: Levolution.
Is it fallen🤣😂😂🤣🤣🤣👏👏👏👏👏👏very good
I love your stuff but I'm not wild about these clickbaity titles. "What Really Happened at [place]" implies that it's not what we were told or what we thought. It gives it weird conspiracy vibes. I know that's not your intent, so I'm providing this as honest feedback. If I hadn't seen that it was a Practical Engineering video, I would have skipped this, just based on the title.
Rogue Transmission
Thank you for making this video. I was very impressed by the wonderful way you took complex engineering principles and made them easy to understand by the average American. This beautiful yet amazing telescope will truly be missed, and I for one am saddened that I will never be able to see Arecibo in person.
A truly superb presentation. Thanks.
This will forever be in my mind as a map on battlefield 😭😭😭 sad I'll never be able to play that game with the boys again
I've found your channel recently and all I have to say is that I really enjoy your videos. Keep up great work!
Question?: did anyone consider the effects of 60 years of exposure to cosmic rays? it is not, that this was the cause. Nevertheless, there may be long-term negative Wiggener effects on the strength of steel cables. (in nuclear reactors, these effects are of much greater consideration)
Why do I feel dumber after watching Grady's videos?  haha
Third world country. No maintenance.  Pretty easy.
04:51 OSHA lol
The family and I visited Arecibo Observatory the summer before Maria.
What do I think? Interesting video and topic but we don’t need you in vision. More pictures of the subject please. The trouble these days is that people make these videos as a showcase to get themself seen and forget about the subject. STAY OUT OF VISION!
What? That happened in 2020?  I thought it went down in 1995 when James Bond foiled an evil plot to control a space weapon called GoldenEye
So... resuming this video in 2 sentences or in maybe one single word: 1- Lack of maintenance. 1- No funds and power to continue the project.  Basically, MONEY are the main cause of this collapse right? sad the engeneering part of this is incredible tho...
At least it's not worse than falling building with people in it
Till I saw this today, 7/21/21 I thought it was still there in working order. Guess I was tied up in the election news. When the engineers determined the weaknesses, the Gregorian dome should have been removed. It's addition made it heavier by 50%. Yes, they added more cables and that is a good thing.  With the dome gone but the extra cables still in place it would still be there today. The Gregorian Dome made it better but it worked B 4 the Gregorian dome was installed so they would have been better off doing that instead of loosing the telescope altogether. My advice? If they rebuild instead of the 12-4-8 o'clock idea for the pillars, use 12-3-6-9 adding another redundancy.
It was allowed to decay by bad actors. It's in relation to what we see today.
I love these videos but most often need follow ups, please don't forget to follow up the cable analysis.
I would like to know why they don't consider Meteor Creator for a new Arecibo Replacement site? Larger deeper and less major storms.
James Bond had to fight some guy. Duh.
It’s was the pesky recon guys and  there c4 obviously
It was actually destroyed on purpose by mi6 agent James Bond
...and its just a box in msfs2020 last time i checked :)
Kudos to the engineering firm that said to scrap it. Clearly people would have died.
really makes you think how safe some of the old structures we’re still using today really are.
A little something about FAST to add to the immense importance of Arecibo. FAST one and only claim to fame is that it is bigger. Arecibo's uniquely powerful RADAR capability allowed us to range space bodies like asteroids and planets with unmatched accuracy. It's lost means looking for asteroid based threats has become a lot harder.  A big dish now days isn't the singular defining advantage. It's now all about Very Long baseline interferometry. VLBI allows you to have a "Dish" as large as the most distant receivers. This is how the event Horizon telescope works, resulting in a "Dish" as large as the Earth. This requires extremely accurate clocks, massive computational power for data sets so massive they have to ship it. It is also why when you see other radio telescopes(Goldstone) it's not one dish, it is an array of dishes.  Another titbit about FAST is that it hasn't produced anything notable, not because others have already done it, it lacks the expert staff to run it. The number of people who can run such an observatory is extremely limited. Well before the current tensions, other issues meant doing science there was untenable, like not being able to share data is an immediate dealbreaker. FAST wasn't built for science, it's for propaganda. Arecibo Cold War aside was built for a functional purpose.
Playing Rogue Transmission on BF4 be like
It was tRumps fault, don't know how just know it was......Kidding....
If been up there hundreds of times…   …while playing golden eye on my ns64..
Timing sounds fishy to me, especially with this UFO crap and all going around.
Iconic place!
The cause of the collapse is a phenomenon called Levolution. Here is an example https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PMdnPIURYog.
just build a new one
Golden eye 👁
Great video, but I don't really like the clickbait title. Would have watched it anyway, simply because you make good videos.
It's amazing it lasted that long down here! Anything Public like the electrical grid ,the water system and roads ect. ALL are neglected down here ! The funds that are supposed to go towards maintenance is stolen and lined the pockets  of the corrupt government here.
China, taking things to the next level....... With sixty year old technology.    Meanwhile, the US has achieved 10-1000x more resolution with newer tech, making the giant radio telescope thing obsolete, like five years after the original was built. Lmao.  I don't understand why people are so scared of China when anything they field as far as the military or science has been outclassed for decades by the west.   A billion troops doesn't mean anything when you can vaporize/incapacitate half and make the other half give up with the push of a button.
Shouldn't zinc slug in a cable socket protect the cable from corrosion? Zinc has greater electronegativity then iron and cable is coupled with zinc slug.
Use some of that nationalistic fervor and rebuild it larger than the Chinese telescope. Make it 1776 feet in diameter! :-)
FYI, a NASA report on the initial socket failure is available at https://ntrs.nasa.gov/citations/20210017934 . The executive summary seems to basically state that the socket was insufficiently dimensioned, and that in hindsight there had been visible signs of cable pull-out from the socket. It also states that the likely reason for the subsequent cable failure was, indeed, that the factor of safety was much too low to remain standing (or hanging, as the case may be) on the remaining cables, so the conclusion of the video seems very correct!
FYI same one from GoldenEye
Given the way that China is behaving their may be enough military incentive to aid its reconstruction.
K I'm gonna be pedantic here and point out that your graphic illustrating "wavelength" demonstrates changes in amplitude while wavelength is a change in frequency. The waves should be getting farther apart, not taller.  You're a civil engineer not an astrophysicist so I'll forgive you :)
atomism is a cult. define a field
I did this once in battlefield
Very informative. I was 100% certain the site has been abandoned decades ago and left without maintenance.
Wasn't this in Goldeneye or something?
Sad day for us nerds when "El Radar" collapsed.  Thanks for the explanation vid
oh i thought they brought it down. odd
Over and above  all the doubletalk,  just say it--the engineers screwed up,  which in my lifetime, is  business as usual.   i was always on the repair end of an engineer's work, whether  RADAR,  HVAC/R, or  2-way radio/ telco/ data systems.
They are hiding the truth. Sings in the sky.
Great video Thanks! I want to also comment that I hope that thing never gets rebuilt with US tax money. Total waste of time since there are many alternatives that work better and more productively these days. As you mentioned, the reason Arecibo was built way back then was the huge amount of Cold War hysteria, which resulted in massive amounts of tax money being wasted on many huge and pointless projects all over the world, most of which are abandoned, polluted wastelands now. Arecibo can be added to that wasteland list (I am guessing that there are many hundreds of pounds of lead paint chips all over the ground there!) Best that can be said about Arecibo now is that someone will make a lot of money in scrap metal!
Awesome content. Loved it. I'm not an engineer so thank you for explaining this event in an understandable way!
The reason funding was being cut year by year was because the site was obsolete and there are better choices to fund for more scientific bang for the buck. It's unlikely arecibo will be rebuilt.
I was in my teens when this was built and I first found out about it as it was being built. Like almost everything, there is never any long term maintenance included in the operating budgets. Cables, or wire rope, have a lifespan and should be changed at regular intervals. If there is no way to remove the tension they need enough redundancy to be able to replace them.
THAT THING'S REAL??
Ah yes bf4 levelution in real life
Really? Aluminum?? Point out this element on the periodic table with that name.....
They obviously didn't care about it that much to allow all of the cable Hardware to remain in place for so long without complete replacement
someone was not happy with the snipers camping on the scope so they C4ed the cables.
I came for the Arecibo Telescope, but stayed for the Spelter Sockets. (I live in a city with two suspension bridges, and see dozens of Spelter Sockets and always wanted to know how they worked)
There will be similarities between what happened here and what is currently going on within the elderly cables of the Forth and Severn Bridges ( and others ) in the UK. They are suspension bridges of the 1960's which have exceeded expected loading and have failing cables in a marine environment. A lot of study has gone into them. Aricibo and them could learn form each other.
I'm sure dropping the receiver on Trevelyan's head in the 90s didn't do the telescope any favors.
It reached the end of its' life span,, Clean up the mess and build something current
Wasn't one of the James Bond movies filmed here?
Spill the first sip of your 40 out for our fallen homie.
Arecibo did RADAR Astronomy.
Nice job. Easy to follow and pleasant presentation.
Salt water 💦 corrosion. The platform should have been put on a pedistol. Rotating on the base. Balanced. Solid not hollow so it would be as thin as possible.
Battlefield 4 irl
That's why in a crisis you should always listen to the experts, engineers, doctors, etc. Not managers, politicians or personalities of any kind.
I legit cried when I’d learned about the collapse of this iconic telescope, especially after watching the video of an accident. It felt like a giant had fallen, and it was doubly painful specifically because of what it represents: our yearn for discovery, wish to learn and know more about the world that surrounds us, and here we have it just crumbles like that…
Who cares?     I am much more concerned about the US turning into a Socialist cr@phole…
Well,  deterioration over time, unrelenting stresses and corrosion destroyed the facility.  For all the monumental engineering that went into the design and functionality there was lacking a structural cable replacement whereby critical elements could be replaced before they failed.  It seems that, given enough funding, the structure could be rebuilt to an even more robust standard and the facility returned to a greater scientific functionality.
I never understood why Arecibo needed to have such a big and heavy floating receiver without the possibility to lowered it down if needed.
Are we a joke to these Leftists/Marxists', that have overrun our every institution, public and private here in the US/World...The nutless GOP needs to GROW A PAIR!!!!!! REMOVE ALL RINO's/LEFTISTS/MARXISTS, ASAP FROM ALL LEVELS OF GOVERNMENT AND UNLECTED BUREAUCRATIC POSITION'S!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I think I saw John Oates.
Look, I'm not saying it was aliens, but it was aliens. They knew we were on to them.
Awesome summary.  Thank you for doing that.  This was an iconic world site and its destruction was a shocking and dismaying event.
What was the expected service life of the structure.....forever? This video makes the failure sound like a product of bad design, planned maintenance and lack of competent local craftsmen to execute. Sounds spot on. Once the elements take hold of unprotected man made structures, they decay over time continuously. I have no idea what preventative maintenance was done on these towers and cables over the years. How much corrosive moisture was encapsulated under repainting. Dynamic load most definitely played a key role in it's eventual failure though. I think time under tension for these exposed cables is also a contributing factor. We change crane cable if we lose a few strands in one lay. We do this because  the alternative could be catastrophic. I'd be very interested  to see what the PM was, how often it was scheduled and the competency of the crew carrying it out.
For England, James?
*Still had original cables from 1960's, well DUH.*
I'm not an engineer, just a civilian that's been fascinated by anything space-related all my life. Arecibo was learned about in school, and featured in movies. I got to see it in person on a trip to Puerto Rico back in the early 80's. I was shocked and dismayed to learn what happened to Arecibo, and now grateful that you can explain what happened, without drama or speculation, and lay to rest the silly theories out there. Thank you.
Even Battlefield 4 predicted this... incompetence, smh my head
11:00 Is it too windy at that place? If not,  they could have used some helium balloons to subtract some of the weight.
Well done video, Sir.  You are probably not the, but definitely a reason why I starded studying construction engineering last year!
Nothing lasts forever.
There's more powerful and capable telescopes now, Arecibo became outdated. Every year the upkeep was getting out of control, maintenance and repair costs were skyrocketing. That's why NSF was not wanting to put funds towards it, they were considering demolition in 2017 and probably much earlier. Proponents of Arecibo keep saying it is needed to protect earth from asteroids but Arecibo capabilities is very limited for that mission, it maybe can spot an object but it can't chart an objects course that could collide with earth and Arecibo doesn't have a "very wide field of view". There's more advanced telescopes now that perform that job much better, especially LSST in Chile. Why waste funds when that money could go to better use, the reason is probably nostalgia for Arecibo and of course "for England"
007 goldeneye
I'm pretty sure the reason it collapsed was because of James Bond.
great video, thx
Let me guess. Lack of funding really happened to it?
I really like the new song! The older was overused by other creators, so it's great you find one to represent your channel only
BF4
I'm surprised that there aint any Battlefield 4 comments LOL so rogue transmission is REAAALL
Extraterrestrial beings are behind the  collapse
i wouldn't be surprised to hear down the road that mechanical fatigue of the dynamically loaded cables led to a diminishing of the overall yield strength of the cables.  think of how frequently the receiver adjusted itself and caused new wind loading. i bet this would introduce momentary but frequent unloading and reloading of the cables to ultimately reach mechanical fatigue.
great video!!! thanks!
I always look forward to your wonderfully educational videos, so excited to see on as I relax after work.
Gluing some receiver's to something like a 10k or 100k custom drone could be and rough
it's crazy to see how much the solid concrete tower moves, after that cable breaks
I blame trevelyan.
57 years is a good run. Hats off to the engineers and scientists who made it possible
Battlefield 4 flashbacks
Yo best part about this map was when I climbed up to the top before sum mf blew it down
the biggest loss for engineers and for astronomy. Goverment should have put more effort saving this masterpiece.
As a metallurgist, my first guess was stress corrosion cracking. In the production of steel itself, way back when original cables were installed, the casting techniques may not be as sophisticated to avoid bifilms (mainly folding of the oxidized surface layers onto themselves while pouring the liquid melt) within the steel. I say this because even the term bifilms didn't exist back then. Anyway. And at the time of installment, the test results were correct because the corrosive media had not penetrated the bifilms yet. Also pouring hot zinc onto steel wires would surely make a good bond and you acheive the  required strength in the joint. But the interface between the wire and the zinc may not be impervious to corrosive media and here since the metals are different, there also exist a possibility of galvanic corrosion if you provide an electrolyte at the interface. The inteface may also be compromised because the coefficient of thermal expansion for both metals are different. Usually this may not be a problem but if you hold things in tension for about 50 years in a costal area where corrosion is a big factor, you should be careful. Anyway this is almost anyone's guess. Let's see the final report whenever it comes.
Enjoyed that
I got to visit this place twice in my life. The drive itself is an adventure.
The video of the cables breaking shows what went wrong perfectly, the cables were not tightened to the same load, why else would the snap one at a time.
Imagine taking some sweet drone shots of one of the world's most famous telescopes and the entire thing just collapses.
James Bond!
Fantastic video, Grady! I wish my Statics lecturer showed us this video during first year engineering. What a clear explanation.
The NSF has a lot to consider, but my vote would to be to abandon any consideration of rebuilding a fixed dish at Arecibo.  Hurricanes will forever plague the site, and given the UHF through HF bandwidth of the large aperture, local RF noise from cell phones to LED lights will be difficult to control and nearly impossible to shield against.  As much as I'd love to see Puerto Rico get a new telescope, I'd be the first to say that it would be a very poor use of funds for the high maintenance and science return on investment.  Take a look at China's FAST telescope, and look at the multiple difficulties that RF noise is creating for the facility.  They are actually considering sacrificing science for tourism dollars.
Nothing is for eternity. A sad truth. Let's hope the successor will be just as good or better.
Science continues!!
Ask any battlefield vet how to take it down.
(I'm not saying it was 👽👽, but it was 👽👽)
Well-considered analysis.  My hope is that the lessons learned can be applied to similar cable-supported structures world-wide.  For instance, if the first failure was in the socket, what were the causal factors and how can we avoid them or inspect for them in the future?  It's interesting that the dehumidification system lacked the essential exterior cable jacket...my assumption is that detail greatly reduced the expected moisture-removal effectiveness.  Finally, regarding factors of safety, I agree that such a unique and critically difficult structure to inspect and repair should have had a much higher cable and socket factor of safety, perhaps as high as 5.  That said, the DOD may not have designed the facility for a 60 year lifespan...all structures have a design life and I would be interested to know what the original design life was.
Bf4 map Rogue Transmission
Am I the only one searching the footage for a man in a wingsuit?
Seems to me that everything in the USA is falling apart...roads, apartment buildings, economy, social bonds...that's what happens when things are not properly maintained
All I know of this thing is that it's the backdrop of the map Brazil in TF2
This pickiness is just because you're an engineer, understand:    - 1:06 The graphic implies a change in amplitude rather than a change in frequency, as would be proper.    - 1:36 Not sure extended signal input with time equates to a higher *resolution* .  Even if accumulation over time consequently improves the ability to pick out weak signals, that doesn't seem to be within the technical definition of that word.    - 2:14 Detection of nuclear weapons tests to monitor proliferation is a peaceful pursuit.  Detonation of such weapons is not.    - 2:37 "Most iconic".  What are the units of measurement for that?  This is an essentially meaningless phrase that has infested writing in the last few years.    - 2:49 RADAR is an acronym for "radio detection and ranging" but the example given is of radio-frequency imaging, instead.  Extra point for correct pronunciation of Spanish "a" sound.  Much appreciate your videos.  Keep 'em coming.  Cheers.
My Dad was a Ham Radio operator and on the wall was a QSL Card from KP4BPZ.  Dad received a radio signal from the telescope that was bounced off the moon in 1964.
I thought James Bond destroyed the goldeneye?
Utmost respect to the engineers involved.  But we all know it was Pearce Brosnan that wrecked it up.
Great video thanks. I had no idea it was spherical and not parabolic.  Would like to see you do a video on whether we'd be far better off with an array of aimable radio telescopes orbiting the planet, way more resolution and way more targets. How did they use lasers to measure the cable curvature? Perhaps you'd cover that in a show some time. Why didn't they use straight legs placed around the perimeter of the reflector and joined at the top, above the receiver?
lack of maintenance.  obviously.
Just like in the bond movie, Golden Eye...
Where my Battlefield 4 bois at
the telescope collapsing in battlefield 4 was so popular that they made it in real life!
I really hope it gets replaced. And in my (admittedly only marginally informed) opinion, it would seem like the best place to build it would be right on the previous site. It still has the key factors in its favor that led to the choice of that site in the first place (close to the equator, favorable shape of the landscape, and (cynically) relatively inexpensive labor). Plus they already have the support infrastructure for such a facility in place, including the roads needed for construction and the access for employees.
SETI@home is my oldest internet account still alive... from summer 1999...
Bond and Trevelyan had been fighting on it.
006 fell thru that shit
it's called levolution and it's art
I used to love visiting here when I was a kid. My parents used to know all the security personnel because my uncle was one of the bodyguards for a mayor. That’s what got me to love astronomy. I’ve seen so much extraordinary stuff at night coming and flying back up into space faster than anything I ever saw. I miss it. There are new plans for a better one now. Schools are fighting hard for it and looks like it’s going to happen.
It's a little strange how that failed while it was beibg recorded... Hmm
should it be converted in to a different kind of facility?
why wasn't it built on an inland area far from any sources of tropical storms?
Some one used an RPG on the supports, that’s how.
What really happened was one guy jet rammed the cables and another threw C4 on them...   Oh wait, that happened in BF4.  Funny how it happened in real life and in the game. BF4 is set in 2020 too, the events coincided.  0:00 (Not) ONLY IN BATTLEFIELD 4
4 cables and redundancy of 2, so if one brake the remaining redundancy is 1. 5 - exactly equally much as the dynamic effect of the first one breaking... add up to no redundancy imo.
koth_brazil
Remind me of James Bond The Golden Eye.
Maybe consider the possibility of working with China to build a new one.   In exchange for rebuilding the telescope bigger and better astronomers from both countries could share access to the newly rebuilt telescope. Make it an international project.
I don't understand why the concern for human life is so paramount that they would not even attempt repairs. I understand minimizing risks but at some point you have to realise and accept that accidents happen and people die. I mean, it's not like anyone will live on this earth forever.  I feel as though this risk taking mindset is just a part of the great adventurer spirit that most people lack today, even if they are in scientific fields.
Preeeeetty sure the engineers just became fans of Battlefield 4s destructible Aricebo map (this is sarcasm)
Why did or break?  Neoliberalism!
Good video, doesnt necessarily need any demonstrations, just talk about interesting things/places is good 😊
The structure outlived its design goal 6x, so if there is anything to blame, it is the fact it has been left serving nearly to these days and not been dismantled and completely rebuild decades ago. Don't forget it was designed as a military observing post, so things designed for about 10 years of lifetime. So the factor of 2 safety was good enough - with such expected lifetime they could completely disregard things like the corrosion or so. Yes, 10 years after build, the military just wrote it off and handed it to the civilian research, to serve there few more years. It is at that time, when the device had proven its scientific value, when it should had been dismantled and the main structure redesigned for way longer service life (so take e.g. the corrosion effects, or the ability to replace the structural components into account). But that was deemed too expensive for something the scientific community got for free to start with.  But hope this event will lead to the complete new, better mainainable structure for the future being build. The site is in high value for this, as mainly the population living around is already used to and adopted to the limitations such device imposes on their life (restriction on activities generating disturbances in the radio spectrum), this day this would be very problematic to achieve that anywhere else, so it is asset which should not be lost there...
Goldeneye baby;)
I love listening to smart people talk.
isnt this satalight also a movie star? it had the lead tech role in 007 Golden Eye as the Golden Eye satalight. or am i Racal profiling?
I blame it on Pierce Bronson.
The same guy inspected it as the Arkansas i-40 bridge. It fell down because of lack of maintenance.
Such an informative video, explaining why the structure failed. Thank you!
I think that the people and the government just let it rot through the years cus in Puerto Rico they wait until something is in is last moment’s to try and do something about it (puerto Rico does better :’(. )
@4:46 that's some good 1960's safety for ya
Battlefield 4 predicted it
Next construction for the telescope ? Drone flying above, instead of a static receiver ?
Battlefield 3 anyone? Or was it 4
As an astronomy and technology aficionado I too find it sad. Any rebuild or replacement would be great for science.
felipe soberal :  are you happy now -.-
Im so glad the engineers said to not fix the structure and put worker safety first. Just imagine if people were working on this when it broke.
Battlefield 4 predicted this collapse years ago
My simple observation is that every steal string snaps close to the point it is welded to the spelter socket. What is clearly visible with that is that the socket, with a half meter of cable, is poorly  available for maintenance, and that while it is the most important part of the cable. You can see that the already broken cable leaves a unpainted surrounding in the sleeve in the metal block, and that while this part IS accessible for painting. Further inside the sleeve, paint can't come, but water will. Such a construction should be fully open for maintenance, or regularly injected with or submerged in something like silicon grease.
I remember very clear, being there on a field trip as a kid '93-94. And 'El Parque De Las Siencias" Bayamon.. 😁
Having watched plenty of stuff from astronomy YouTubers about the Arecibo failure, it was good to hear from someone who knows their civil engineering.
0:58 that is a star blast Orion 4.5 reflector telescope. I have the same one. Good telescope for the price
ive sniped so many people for the towers and "eye" off of that telescope, in rogue transmission, battlefield 4 xD
I'd love to see a redesign & rebuild! The site location is ideal! However, who is going to pony-up the funds to rebuild? Obviously not the douche-wad billionaires who are busy giving themselves joyrides in suborbital spacecraft. It's just pathetic where people's priorities lie.
Now we can focus more on Gawd
The moniker, Grady should be short for Gradient.... perfect for an engineer.
Good video.
I once shot a man from this structure. True story!
Symbolic decline of the United States of America.
Loved the movie action scene from James Bond Golden Eye.
Your choppy voice is hard to listen to, and the level constantly changes.
Has anyone notice that every video seems to have roughly 100 downvotes regardless of what channel is or what the topic is. It almost seems automatic.
Probably collapsed because battlefield players found it.
Without millimetre by millimetre inspection of the cables for micro-fractures, sectional testing of the metal from the cables no one can say with absolute certainty the cables met the designed strength and quality. No doubt both are part of the ongoing investigations, the blame game to be able to say it was this that caused it not our use being a driving factor.  There is a cable suspension bridge locally that is far older than Arecibo, actually crosses salt water so even more heavily exposed to the salt air. The first visual inspection of the cables was in the early 2000s, they were rust free. The engineer actually set up a perfect system to protect the steel from the sea air, wrapping them in waxed paper, then cedar, then that sealed inside more steel. The load bearing material completely isolated from the corrosive salty air. It was built shortly after the Golden Gate was, with no loss of life.
Wasn't Goldeneye filmed there?
Was this not a plot of aJames   Bond film?
Thank you for putting the spotlight on the engineering of this astronomical structure, it was fascinating! :) I wouldn't mind to see more discussions about other astronomical engineering projects in the future on this channel.
Could you link to your primary sources? All I can find is a brief report from March, but you seem to have engineering reports and other data on the simulations etc. that I am unable to (easily, at least) find. It's also just good journalism and would be appreciated in general on any video.
Great video. Thank you
who knows this from goldeneye
Great presentation thank you
Minor addendum: China's radio telescope, though larger, does not have the same radar capability that Arecibo had, meaning that unfortunately it was a one-of-a-kind telescope
they should have called mr. carlson's lab
Was sean bean underneath it when it collapsed?
Battlefield 4
Irritating narrator
Third World Country of Puerto Rico, that's why. China, Germany, Japan or Canada would never let their giant telescope fail - don't build complex structures in third world countries. Period. China alone has 14000 highly skilled firms/building crews working all over the world. Puerto Rico has only 2 highly skilled firms. Do the math
this is def making me wanna watch Contact
Another excellent video.. Engaging, educational, and current events! What a pleasant trifecta, from one of the best channels on the platform. On a side note.. Who the hell would dislike this video? Let alone any video from Grady. Must be jealous fellow engineers!
Thank you Grady for the amazing quality of your videos.
Great video and analysis!
As always, a very professional explanation. Hope you could do one for the Surfside condo collapse. Thanks
Who remembers this from battlefield 3 multiplayer
I remember being on this in a game, I know its not great science, but its a shame to see it go :(
i love these videos
This new series on analysis of catastrophic events is excellent. It would be nice to have follow ups with the engineering behind the solutions to the problems.
First awareness was probably sometime in Middle School in the early 70's. Actually visited in 2012. Someone else said that pictures don' t do it justice. So true. Standing on the visitor's center veranda looking out over it was chilling. Like standing in the middle of science fiction. While it's very sad that it was lost, I can't help wonder about the apparent short-sightedness of the designers in not providing a means to lower for maintenance of those cables. What did they think, they'd last forever? They were under constant flexure...for 50+ years in a harsh environment! WTH? Great that it did what it did, but what folly to think once they put it up there they'd never have to worry about the cables. Great analysis, as usual! (I'm trained, but not practicing as a structural engineer)
Seriously.  The last year of the 2010's was a real stinker.  The loss of the Arecibo Telescope in 2020 (the last year of the 2010's, NOT the first year of the 2020's which is this one) was the garnish on the shit sandwich that was 2020.
13:28 Whenever I see this clip I cry 😭 😢
Shit happened, that's what happened.
👍
Guys, areceibo was an ICBM tracking radar. Astronomy was a part time job for PR.
007 ran over it and it fell down
Was it insured and who got the insurance money
It still doesn’t feel real I can’t believe it’s actually gone
Goodbye Arecibo Labs 😪   Goodbye to what was really one of the last amicable diplomatic ties between Puerto Rico and the United States too..... 🇵🇷 💔 🇺🇲
I guess James Bond didn't get there in time.
I thought this thing was purely made for the bond movie..🤯
Your videos are amazing. The presentation and way of explaining is just so good that I feel like I should have studied engineering.  I bet you got people to do just that.
Engineering must be one of the most honest, disciplined professions in the world.  Perhaps we should sack all the politicians and bureaucrats and replace them with top-notch engineers?
Aliens : I don't want to be eyes on.so.....
Great topic!
I remember I watched a video about this... a few days later I read about its collapse.
how many years are the cables supposed to last.. there was no plan to ever replace them?
Well all know this was an MI6 plot to stop a rouge agent from crashing the world markets with a EMP satellite weapon stolen from the Russians.
My mind immediately goes the the one 007 movie that has this in it lol
I reckon it collapsed after an excessive build up of white dielectric material...
Can this failure be explained by material fatigue? In the last 58 years the construction was exposed to temperature oscillation, erosion, and drag forces of the wind. Metal has a pretty high coefficient of thermal expansion and the stress from a daily expansion and contraction alone must have been enormous.
Wait, some bridges have a safety factor < 3?!
what now?  Can they repurpose that big concrete bowl into a super roller skating derby stadium?
I cannot wait to read this incident report College has me addicted to incident reports
When I saw that the one irl collapsed, I immediately thought of the battlefield 4 map, Rogue Transmission. Kind of a morbid thought tbh.
I can't look at this telescope and not think of the movie contact
Personally, I find it a success no one was injured in the many failures. It goes to show that good safety measures designed by engineers who know what they're doing do save lives.
omg I didn't even know this had happened. I'm sad now
A loss for human discovery in space, but another lesson in structural engineering. Great video PE.  I'd love to see an Arecibo 2 in some siesmically sound areas in Canada. Southern AB, SK, or MB perhaps.
Unexpected? What would Mulder have to say about that?
I wasn't expecting this video and evwn thought that I was donw with Arecibo on it collapsed, but I'm really glad you did an analysis on how the megastructure falied.  From one engineer to another, it was closure I didn't think I needed until I got it.
At 12.45 in the video. I dont know if it's just me (my personal opinion) but that looks like a small demolition explosion going off before the failure
Great analysis! Would love to see more of these failure or error analyses.
Battlefield 4, that's all I'm gonna say
Airplane *safety factor 7*   Manufacturer never flight tests engines.....engine fails, kills everyone.
I didn’t know this happened. I first learned about Arecibo when I was in middle school (around 1978).
Thanks for this detailed account and sourcing the various footage. That is really awesome they happened to catch the cables breaking!
It failed because all the money sent to fund science is being used elsewhere instead of to maintaining the structure itself. Who knows where that money actually went. Frankly it was bound to happen. That’s my theory.
After watching this I feel a lot less accusatory towards the stewards of Arecibo. It looks like they really tried their best to preserve it, but mother nature caught up with 1960's technology.
Looks like it was in disrepair.
If it’s loss was felt across the world I call BS.  If that were the case than the world would have chipped in for its upkeep.
Analogous to America itself.
1:23 Longer observation doesn't improve resolution really, just sensitivity. Super-resolution techniques and the like didn't exist in the 1960s.
Someone blueberry C4ed the wires.
I'm not sure why, but this video made me cry. So much collaboration and discovery came with this telescope, and now it's gone.
I wonder if they could pickup the Playboy Channel with that dish?
Sean Bean died from that telescope
Damn, no double O Seven footage disappointed.
If it was wobbling for a 57 years, than it easily can be metal fatigue.
I think  that the basic cause is the increment of weight slowly brought. "Can we add this equipment ? It would be a great improvement of the capacities, and it only weighs 1 % of the mass ?"  Then, pressure of several influent organisations so : "EUH, we are not fans, but OK !" In France, the Tour Eifel had many "improvements" of that sort, some for useful technical aspects, some for commercial reasons like toilets and restaurants for visitors. But at the end, some intelligent guy said "Enough of all that, remove everything added". The argument was powerful because Tour is in the middle of Paris and had many visitors and attached business. So it was finally accepted that it was "too much" and modifications and removings done while complete overhaul executed. Perhaps such a hard decision would have rescued ARECIBO. But it seemed evident that this enormous station and radome wind sensitiveadded was an incredible and enormous risk. Consequences were deadly, not for any man, fortunately.
Watch out Pearce, the insurance lawyers are coming for you.
battlefield 4 players know this map
Rebuild, a Land Mark for America and new discoveries for scientist .
Regarding Arecibo's safety factor of 2, keep in mind that it was not originally intended to live as long as it did. The Navy was only interested in a non-pointable telescope for few years of operation; the folks designing it "snuck in" the science capability it ultimately got.   Or so the legend goes.
It was important because it let people contact me
I has to be aliens who cause it
Arecibo had stopped being a leading edge astronomy instrument more than a decade ago. It was fairly well-known throughout global astronomy to be a decrepit relic.
I ran across that telescope so many times in my youth. Golden Eye. N64.
Have they recovered Sean Bean's body from the wreckage yet?
I lived on the site for 6 months as a budding astrophysicist back in the late 1980s. It was a glorious place, and oh, that thing was so sensitive! And it just got better in the 1997 upgrade.   But alas, it was approaching the end of its scientific life span anyways. It made major contributions, but the science has moved on and now requires different telescopes for different questions. It still had some life left in it as the most sensitive planetary radar for NASA's Sentry near-Earth asteroid detection program, but its scientific heyday was in the past.  I will miss it dearly.
I heard about this collspse in 1995 when watching goldeneye
I got to see the telescope when i was a kid on vacation. I wish I'd been a little older so i could have appreciated it more. Sad that it's gone.
Love your channel
What really happened was deferred maintenance.
While sad that it collapsed, it's also great that at least in ruin, we can learn even more and marvel at the engineering and construction involved. Like I always thought the giant lower dish was solid concrete or something and not a relatively thin dish with exposed ground underneath.
NICE AWES0ME C00L_  🍨🍚🍚🍚🍚🍚🍚🍚🍚🍚 💨 🍮 🥧 🍡 🍧 🍨 🍦 🍰 ❗ 🐬 🌺 🌺 🌺 🥀 🌹 🌷 🍁 💐🍂 🐡🐄 🐅 🐆 🐯 🍣 🍣 🍣 🥘 🍨🍨🍨
Too many gamers tryna 1v1 on it in goldeneye N64
battlefield 4
1:12 Isn't that illustration misleading? I'm pretty sure the wavelenght is the distance between either the peaks or the valleys of the wave.
As a rigger 125 is the excepted ratio for standard rigging the nuclear aspect is 125 above this though 2.0 looks weak it a while back was good I am 70 now and things have changed I have put the 125 to the test while removing the scaffeling from a barge to the quay wall after Hugo at the Charleston Ship yard. Drydock5 This was the last lift my Crane  operator was the best in the yard he stayed with me until I hooked him to the load and moves it at his understanding I did hook the load with no help except I  Was praying He was directing..
It killed 006.
turn the site into a tourist trap and use the money to fund other projects.
This is the Battlefield 4 map where everyone camps ontop of the emitter
Safety factor of 2. Fails at half of nominal load.  Hmmmmmm.
I almost want to dislike the video in reflexive sadness. RIP Arecibo.
conquest large happened 😔
...and 1 minute after this happened the alien radio signal reaches Earth, "Hey we got your message.  Just saying hi!  Hello?  Hello?... are you still there?..." -maybe;)
3:12 Sinkhole de mayo
The collapse isn’t half as interesting as the truth about Arecibo.  Arecibo was not a passive radio telescope.  It was an active, RADAR-emitting site used by the US to monitor Soviet space assets. Radio Telescope: Passive Arecibo: Active RADAR
I liked it in Goldeneye
"What really happened...", I thought James Bond had something to do with it?   Blame Mi-6!
"What Really Happened at the Arecibo Telescope?"  Bond, James Bond  That's what happened
Imagine the engineers that advised to demolish this were actually Battlefield 4 players wanting to test if C-4 was enough to bring it down.
Darn!!! I never got to visit Arecibo and check out the satellite dish. I was stationed in the PR for a few months. Puerto Rico is a beautiful island.
It fell down. Lack of proper maintenance. Just saved you 17 minutes watching a video to tell you this.
Very sad :(
Anybody else remember this from Goldeneye 007?
Very informative Grady. It sure was a shame to see it fail. Thank you for your great content!
I flew a small airplane over the telescope in 1979. I probably ruined a very important observation.
Hell yes awesome. Scott Manley did the only video I watched on this. Thanks!
I remember seeing Levar Burton going there on Reading Rainbow 💕
Thank you for not mentioning that it starred in a James Bond movie.
Not gonna lie, deep down I was waiting for a reference to Goldeneye to help give me a personal reference point to connect to 😅
I went to Arecibo as part of my honeymoon. I remember crunching Arecibo SETI data way back in high school. So sad. But at the same time, humans tend to make due, push forward, and exciting things happen!
Rust beats scientific endeavour
Do they have insurance ?
Although your thoughts as to what should have been considered in the safety factors are valid, I don't think that they are really fair considering the lack of technology and detailed computer modeling available at the time that the facility was constructed. The type of consideration that you suggest should have been given to determine the safety factors would have taken years instead of hours at the time of design and construction
Like of you are hear because bf4 was your childhood
For England James? No…. For Me.
“There’s no good reason for a spelter socket to fail…”   Um, it IS in Puerto Rico, so…🤷‍♂️
I have a cheaper design that can replace the telescope.
Beautiful and informative video! Thank you!
I visited the Arecibo Observatory in November 2019,  so glad I saw it then as only a few months later, it was gone.
great analysis
I would like to see the dish rebuilt.
Yeah that sucks.
Me a battlefield player: just like the simulations
I am continually impressed by you, Grady. Your presentation is always clear, engaging, and readily understandable — all without sacrificing insight into the engineering process. Kudos, from one engineer to another.
My wife and I went to PR for our honeymoon in 2010, and part of the adventure included a trip to the Aricebo observatory. I remember being shocked at the thought of how people came up with a way to suspend that megastructure so that accurate scientific measurements could be taken. My wife was bored, unfortunately... 🤣
Am I the only one who kind of appreciated Arecibo's blaze-of-glory ending? Hubble will someday have an equally epic - yet inevitable - grand finale.
No matter how you slice it, this is not an engineering triumph.
Desire to play Golden Eye, growing.
Best sniping spot in the whole map
Grady, jaw dropping EXCELLENT.  Thanks for all of the background information on why this was built and what it was used for.
Your channel is so enlightening. Every video. Thank you for all of it.   I first heard of this telescope about a week before it collapsed. Still felt sad for the lack of care for science and all the people who were dedicated to what it was capable of.
Great video
engineering is scary, because when something goes wrong everybody dies. Look at this example, nobody died, but only almost.
An analytically sound presentation. Well done.
Before the video I'm going to guess decades of inadequate maintenance and hope that I'm wrong
Lived on or near the coast all my life.  You can wash it.  You can paint it.  You can try and keep it dry.  You can galvanize it.  You can use stainless as design allows.  You cannot stop salt air from destroying anything made out of metal.  Period.  Dot.
So far one of your best videos, and they are all great.
How do you find hats big enough to fit your gigantic brain?  That was awesome!
Geez, these are great videos.    I think another factor that should be (and probably was) considered is the era and purpose for which it was built.  This was a DOD project in the sixties.  Everything that I've read about the history of the DOD during the height of the cold war was 'get it done now'.  The fact that the first cable failed at 62% with a design margin of 2 (that is, 62% of a 200% margin), implies this was a project that was driven more by time than longevity.  I really hope we don't abandon this site. We've done so much excellent science here and there is so much more to do.
I love these videos Grady. Brilliant idea to pivot towards this style. You really get it.
Hopefully we can use this as an opportunity to learn many things and maybe we can build another one, maybe even bigger :)
First time I saw this was in Goldeneye. Only a few years ago I found out that it was a telescope! A good story would be the tower was attacked by directed energy wepons!
Love these current events analyses. Thanks for posting
Well it's down so it's just clean up now. It probably saved several million on tear down.
Puerto Rico Baby 🇵🇷
Iv seen the X-Files... The smoking man did it....
GOOD. What a waste of time! The flaws in this endeavor are incalculable ¿`_
For England, James?
Who remembers this telescope from James bond Goldeneye
By the way, I've seen a few comments asking Grady to comment on the Surfside catastrophe.  Since the matter is going to be heavily litigated I predict he won't create a video at least until the matter is settled because litigants could subpoena (force) him all over the globe to show up as an expert witness incurring legal expense no one wants. Anyhow I found a fantastic animation video which clearly demonstrates how it unfolded.  *Best video demonstrating how and why this unfolded can be seen here.* https://youtu.be/hynHiWE818c Enjoy!
A shame to lose such an amazing structure.  I'm kinda glad it went out on its own terms, like the boss it was.
I love the note of optimism at the end of the video.  We can always [re-]build better from the remains of such a legacy, like the I-35W Bridge (Mississippi River Bridge then, Saint Anthony Falls Bridge now)
Always excellent videos!
We don't need explanations it's just a battlefield 4 player saying f#ck your sniping spot
I was just playing bf4 on a map that had this thing there
The collapse was actually caused by James Bond when the pipe was jammed into the gearing and the entire place blew up.
Anybody who played goldeneye knew of this telescope way before it collapsed.
this was outdated govt/military communication between west virginia n puerto rico. and/or a h.a.r.r.p. like structure. dont forget these were "dead or quiet zones" and cold war importances. 🍻
Scott Manly figured this out a day after it happened and with more detail.
If the ten richest countries gave 0.001% of it's GDP to replace the telescope, they would  have $53,804,357,327 to build something spectacular.
It was in a 007 movie. 😊
Battlefield 4 predicted it
Only recognise this thanks to 007 Goldeneye.
Seeing it fall, I can only think “For England, James?”
I wanna join the voices commending the engineers for getting everyone away from the site and moving with caution.  They knew it was unreliable and weren't willing to throw human lives away to fix the dangerous structure.  The pressure to save it must've been immense, but they stood by their assessment and a lot of lives were saved thanks to this.
Probs some dude with C4 or a tank taking out the big cables holding it up
Arecibo fell because of Wind Mills and Solar panels. These evil machines of mass destruction have been affecting the climate and making the thing rust faster than ever before seen in the history of mankind.
I'm really curious to know if the seismic activity from late 2019 through mid-2020, peaking with the Januar y 7th Mw 6.4 earthquake to the southwest of Puerto Rico, might have contributed to these failures.
Saltwater air-caused corrosion over many decades is definitely a factor in part at least.
Thanks so much for sharing.   😎👌🏼
I was like 21k!
Cut foreign aid to countries which actually hate us and re-fund these science endeavors.
Me and the boys with c4 on Rouge Transmission
Grady, i love your channel and all your content.  You're clearly a respected member of the engineering community!  NASA et. al. recently published their failure investigation on the sources of the first cable failure at the Tower 4 Aux Main spelter socket.  The document is available at the link below and it's the culmination of tons of work over the past 9 months.  Surely you'll find it interesting, specifically the structural analysis portions!  https://ntrs.nasa.gov/citations/20210017934?fbclid=IwAR1_cTeVwkWTfCAkeg6bo54dCYBeDzmkZsI5BmvWjk_Gw1dCJy2EDj8qcqY
Awesome take, best I've seen yet on the subject. Please update us as more data becomes available!  I would argue that the steel failed, and as a result you have 3 Large concrete anchors to play with...  Build a shiny new one somewhere else, and rebuild (with new info input into the design) what was there.  And make it public access, like you can sign up to a waiting list and get a few hours to point it at a part of the sky. I bet that would be one hell of a "go fund me"...
Maintenance fail, same as most other structures falling year by year because they get old and unmaintained.
First time i heard of Arecibo was from the movie contact that my parents showed me, still one of my favorite types of telescope mainly because of how amazingly large it is. So sad to hear about what happened late last year and disappointed i wont even be able to see it with my own eyes. RIP
Fu...kn nerds crying in the comments lol and Jodi Foster is pissed....
200% safety factor is generally used in engineering towers. That is after adding predictable ice loads (certainly not an issue there) and expected wind loads (certainly an issue there, and this item might have been underestimated). I would suspect there was ample deferred maintenance, as those activities would have caused unwanted movements in the receiving mechanisms. Let's just finish licking the wounds and build something bigger and better.
could two satellites in orbit around the sun, one eclipsing the sun for the other, use gravity as a lens for a sort of telescope?
We were getting to close to the truth.
It's amazing that even though it's been almost a year i still got a little chill watching the collapse video. Being from Puerto Rico, yes, we've all been on many field trips there. I don't remember when the first time I went was but i was way too young to understand any of it, except the scale! Seeing the huge towers and the platform suspended above was awe inspiring! For most of us that went into engineering, physics, or basically any possible related field it's hard to say that that observatory didn't play a role in it. I remember being relieved when I found out it was still standing after Maria. And then all of us following the news up until the collapse.
It was sabotaged.
Yeah.  Back when I was doing SETI Units they had piggy backed an antenna onto the structure.  It's a real loss to have this gone. .
Nice video 👍👍👍
It didn’t fail. We let it age until it couldn’t keep up. The better question is why did we fail?
it was a false flag
Love these breakdowns of real-world catastrophic failures of structures/systems. Hyatt regency on Tom Scott's channel, Texan grid, this etc. Keep at it!
I was on Puerto Rico a few years back and wanted to go for a visit, but their were no guided tours out of San Juan. We said to ourselves, we will be back and rent a car and drive ourselves. When the collapsed happened, I was sad and pissed off (at myself) at the same time.
As a U.S. Coast Guard ten-year Veteran my last six years were as a helicopter rescue swimmer but the other four, I was a Seaman waiting for aviation class A school. As such, I spent a considerable amount of time around all sizes of Coast Guard ships and small boats.  I learned a little about the sacrificial "Zinc Anodes" that dissolve in seawater to save two dissimilar metal parts on the ship or small boat.  And the observatory being assessable to salt spray aerosols from the large (most excellent and very surfable) oceans swells that occurs regularly during the winter months on the north coast of the city of Arecibo Puerto Rico, with a light breeze coming from the north these very small droplets of saltwater suspended in the air could travel south to the observatory might have been present at the cable joints with the molten zinc, was the fittings and the cable the same alloy? if not was it possible that the zinc inside the cable flitting sacrificed itself over the years due to the salt in the environment? Mark Chisholm commented earlier that the cabling in the corrosive off-shore environments is more rigorously tested and replaced.  Stray electrical currents make it worst...
Heres my summary of why: America refused to pay to maintain it, no suprise, just like all the other failing infrastructure projects throughout the us. Sad really. Its almost like a third world country
There were plenty of safe ways to repair this structure, just none that were within the meager funding allocated to the project.
Yes it demo'd......cause there is some unstoppable rocks coming to a town near you and they need "plausible deniability"....remember, wear your mask and hope they dispatch trauma surgeons like 16 months ago!
Who else thinks of James Bond when they see this
Just one of the best takes on a beloved structure of the world. Thanks for this.
I love your videos and am happy you covered this!
Always wondered how they aimed the thing. Thanks!
I'm from Puerto Rico and have lived here since l was born, l went on a school trip to the radio telescope and it was the most amazing experience ever, thank you for making this video in honor of this masterpiece of engineering. It was very sad and depressive when it collapsed🥺💔.
BATTLEFIELD obviously.... DUN NUN NUN NA DA DUN !!!!--------- UN NUN NUN NA DA DUNnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn!
Unfortunately the politicians in the USA would rather give out stimulus payouts to buy votes rather then funding the future advancements of man kind.
Thank you for this great explanation! I absolutely love your videos, but please work on your audio. The room reverb is right in the frequency of your wonderful dialog, and makes it fatiguing to listen to loud-soft-loud-soft.
Did Battlefield 4 developer know this ...in 2013😮😮😮
Easiest 18 minute YouTube video I’ve watched in far recent memory. Great job as always.
I'm not a structural engineer, but from every video I've watched on structural collapses I'd be prepared to bet that the increased dynamic loads caused by wind/weather were either underestimated or not accounted for at all when the Gregorian dome was added. The auxiliary cables bore the increased static load within the safety margin, but the increased vibrations and stresses caused by strong winds acting on the dome accelerated the main cables to early failure. The loss of the tie-down cable is a possible clue, although it sounds more likely that this was due to a manufacturing or installation fault re. the spelter socket. Nonetheless, I'm pretty positive that the collapse was due to a design oversight that took many decades to reveal itself. Thanks for the excellent video Grady!
I think its weird how Google hasn't updated the satellite map of this yet
Battlefield 4 predicted that
Had no idea that this iconic place collapsed. Always makes me think of golden eye
I think you are pretty cool.
Thank you for another great video. I always enjoy this format of videos. (But on the other hand I've never seen one of your videos I don't like.)
The Levolution has been triggered? get ready to battle on the field!
I followed this story last year -- exciting, but sad. My idea was to use hydrogen balloons to support it while installing extra cables, but that would probably make things worse in case of a hurricane & if they already didn't have enough budget for maintenance & upgrades, there's really nothing they could've done..
Goldeneye and contact haha
I know this is an old design, but using a spherical curve to allow you to focus on different parts of they sky without requiring you to move the large dish is ingenious.
I member this from goldeneye!
Saw the thumbnail and thought I was looking at the BF4 map
Surprised that when they modified the receiver around 2000 that they didn't install a cable assembly to lower all or a significant part of the receiver structure to dish level where the load could be supported from ground level.
I wish white people would stop wasting money on useless things like this and just give the money to black families
The Chinese telescope is different wavelengths, I don't think it can use radar
I had the opportunity when employed by Cornell University of visiting the Arecibo facility when Professor Frank Drake was Director in order to formulate a compensation program for the support staff. During that week long assignment, I was on the platform twice as I recall. It was a magnificent view of the coast, some 500 feet in the air. Technicians went up on the platform at night in all weather conditions to address problems.
Big deal. It’s not like the mountain collapsed. It wasn’t used for years with ZERO repair. That’s what happened. Seems like an easy fix if you ask me.
big battlefield 4 fan
the real story is that an alien ray gun took it out for spying on them or so the internet says
Some of the staff on site knew that they didnt have enough inspection and maintenance going on for the telescope. Im not saying they knew about this problem before it happened, but thats the point, they didnt know because they couldnt afford to have people looking. They couldnt know when it would happen, but they knew that every day the telescope went underfunded, the chances increased a bit more.   Its like playing Russian Roulette with a gun with 1000 cylinders. Each time you pull the trigger the chances are very low, but every little while you have to keep adding another bullet. Play long enough, and youre bound to get hurt. We knew this was coming, we just didnt know exactly when or how. And so an icon dies just to save a buck.
My home town, North Liberty, Iowa has a radio telescope that is one of 10 radio telescopes in the Very Long Baseline Array, or VLBA, spread across 5,351 miles from Hawaii to the Virgin Islands and overseen by the National Radio Astronomy Observatory from a control center in New Mexico.  You can't even hardly see it because of it being in a very wooden area. Been back in  where it's at a few time and it's big! It's 10 stories high, 25 meters in diameter!
HAHAHAHAHA *FAST* is the world largest telescope stiiiiiill no one wants to work there *I WONDER WHYYYYYY*
After reading many of the comments,  I now know that people actually care.
Awesome Channel Great information. Keep up the awesome work!
Its designed factor of safety was only 2?  Damn!  I studied Mining Engineering and worked at Creighton Mine (which is also home to a neutrino observatory called SNOLAB), that gave me a pretty solid understanding of when it's acceptable to use low factors of safety.  In mines, we get as low as a FS of 1.2 for autonomous parts of the mine - that is: no human will ever enter there, only remote controlled vehicles.  1.5 is considered acceptable for human access to temporary workings - the individual work tunnels and such that live out their usefulness within a few years.   More permanent structures, like the mineshaft that provides access to the entire mine, are generally given an FS around 2-3.  (SNOLAB's FS is much higher)    And this works because mines are intended to be temporary structures, accessed only by trained personnel who can report problems as soon as they occur, and subject to frequent maintenance inspections.  And all of their equipment is just off the shelf stuff - if there is an emergency the only thing in the mine that's not replaceable is the people working down there  (Except SNOLAB, which again, was in a much more carefully designed area).    Arecibo was a unique scientific instrument.  Its radar capabilities were unique and may well have proven critical to humanity's survival had a substantial asteroid impact been coming during the period it was operational (the data from such images would be very useful in determining a method of destroying or redirecting the asteroid in question such that it would miss Earth). Most of it was suspended high in the air, and difficult for maintenance crews to reach.  Nobody would be able to see minor problems coming except during maintenance because the towers were not areas traversed by the people working there on a daily basis.  And building a new one is going to be a redesign from the ground up.
Graddy you knocked this one out of the park !thank you your channel is the best .
Damn bf 2042 looks insane
I thought it was in Cuba under a lake 🤔😂
Did you honestly say "iconic"?   Whether it is or not, please for the love of language, cease ad desist with this overused word!---the first refuge of the lazy writer!
777 wings are designed to fail at 154% of their rated strength. They did just that during their test.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ai2HmvAXcU0
Didn't James Bond already blow that thing up back in the 90s?
looks like something from just cause
I visited there around 2011.
It was Neebs with some jeepstuff :(
From the cradle to your grave James
I thought this was possible only in battlefield.
Design feels like the enormous non-CAD progress made in aviation - U2 and SR71 come to mind. AMAZING (esp. considering the time of the design and [lack of] design tools available then).
Psssh weak I've collapsed it a thousand times in battlefield
Why does the forensic analysis take so long?
it failed from lack of funds by congress.
I missed it, but was that in a James Bond movie?
love the metric units
It would still be operational if they had not added all that extra weight !  What a stupid move that turned out to be !
every time i see it fall it breaks my heart.
Wasn't there a Rambo movie with this structure used in an extensive scene?
this device had exceeded it's design service life.  With new tech it may be best to say good bye to Old, make room for NEW! More cost effective, more gains for dollars invested. Bridges are Already falling for the same designs.
Clear, concise, accurate, and warmly presented.  You are very good at this.
Built with military government contracts and then handed off to the science community who kept trying to redirect the already minimum funding. With minimum funding comes minimum maintenance. The biggest loss is the ability to transmit and use it as a space radar.
ever since I watched AvE's video about the tram collapse I've been asking: Maybe it's Metal Fatigue?
I’m just here for the James Bond comments.
This was my first time seeing the drone footage of the collapse. Watching the cable unravel as it broke was mesmerizing, but so sad.
Heh, guess that battlefield 4 animation happened in real life. Funny thing is, in battlefield 4 the setting is in 2020     Its more cool looking than scary
Its refreshing to see engineers doing their job correctly in an ethical manner. Clearly they cared about people’s lives as they wouldnt recommend people making repairs and established safe zones
No comments about the Battlefield map?
The lake in Cuba reclaimed it
4:50 holy shit
Rebuild?
For England, James?
Thanks, now I'm sad about this again.
What a loss! It had to be adjusted manually!!!!!
darn battlefield 4 players always destroying the maps.
Nah it was just James Bond saving the world
this made me so sad
Very well done presentation.  Thank you.
As usual, another excellent video.
“The locals call it El Radar, they think it has some dark military purpose. “
Been there.
It has to be replaced with a newer and more modern one 🤞🤞🤞🤞
EXCELLENT video explanation, Grady!
IT WAS ALIENS!!!
A damn shame, that's what happened.
I remember going on field trips when I was a kid in PR to see it
Cables or wire ropes, as we call them in my profession, are a type of machine. And like any other machine, they can fail. When working with draglines, shovels or cranes the wire ropes are frequently inspected and often require replacing.  I'm certain they require a lot of maintenance but it is amazing to me that the cables employed to support structures as the Arecibo Telescope, bridges, radio transmission towers, etc. are able to last decades after decades without having to be replaced. It is such a tragic loss and yet so incredibly ironic that such a complex instrument can be destroyed by the failure of such a simple machine. I hope resources become available to reconstruct the telescope and its amazing journey is continued.
Thank you.
They’ve got to replace it imho. I’m an American taxpayer and am happy to have some percentage of my tax bucks go to it.
TL:DR Years of underfunding and American incompetence lead to the loss of a major global science asset.
I'm very glad that you're giving these engineer's looks at "what happened" for these kinds of failures and engineering disasters. The additional information and context that you provide as an engineer is incredibly valuable beyond "This is the point of failure and this is what led up to it." You go into detail about the engineering details about how the thing and related things like it are built, and that's beautiful. <3
That whole video and not a single mention of Goldeneye.  Oof.
SO incompetence by american engineers.  Surprise surprise.
I was hoping you knew why the cables failed.  It seems like an awful waste to me and potentially yet another case where inspectors were paid for nothing.
Was hoping to hear Carl Sagan mentioned at least once :(
Nicely done!  Thanks!
Bird shit…….pigeons resting on the cables crapping on them. Then rain washed the poo into the fibers of the cables and the acid weakened the cables.
I agree that it should have had a higher safety factor. I have some experience with large cable arrays (though not as a structural engineer); some of them were from structures of almost the same age as this telescope. The inherited wisdom is that lines _will_ fail, and it's recognized that you're unlikely to have funding to replace them before they do (or are noticeably close to it). The cyclic loading combined with the environment guaranteed that those lines would lose strength over time, and it's impressive they lasted as long as they did (a testament to wire rope). The best chance to save the telescope was when they added the additional cables to support the new sensor array, since they were already adding cables. Unfortunately, hindsight is 20:20, and at the time, they probably considered the original design and beefed it up by an amount that would support the new structure, not keeping in mind the low safety factor in the original design. Or maybe they considered it, but didn't have the funding available to add an additional two cables per tower.
5:17 SWOP!
Two satellites in orbit now make these obsolete
Then too, what was the estimated lifespan of the antenna? It was sixty years old at the time of its collapse. Perhaps it had outlived its design lifetime without further upgrades and/or repairs.
too soon. unsubbed
YO ISN'T THAT IN ONE OF BATTLEFIELD 4 MAPS?
I'm sad and disappointed that it took me 7 months to hear about this tragedy. I hope their able to design and build something amazing as a replacement.
I LOVE THESE TYPES OF VIDEOS. I’m not in the engineering profession,  but your succinct explanations, combined with proper graphics told me everything I needed to know. Thanks for these types of videos.
Considering the relatively 'small' size of the cables - after 30 years there should have been a systematic program of replacing cables.  Salt air and minimally coated steel do not permit cables to 'last forever.
Thank you so much for covering this topic <3
You know while it makes me sad that the structure is gone, it actually makes me even more sad that when we have things like this we simply just don't really have safe ways to repair or reinforce things... What I'm saying is that we need some good thought and innovation in this area.  Anytime we have giant structures like this it's basically like well don't know what we can do lol
Rogue transmission predicted it
They should have Japanese do the original work.
And here I am thinking when it falls in battlefield 4 its accurate now.
Petition to fix the dish and make it into the world's largest beyblade stadium /s
Now what?  Scrap iron prices are going up so thats good news.
Ignorant Confederates run Congress and they want to suppress the truth. They broke the telescope on purpose.
Best Battlefield map ever
I had seen the prelim footage of the go pro, but the additional drone footage was incredibly lucky to capture. Still crazy to see stuff like that, looks like a crazy stunt scene from a movie
Bf4?
Fatigue bruh......
China is fake news
Great episode. I hope it gets rebuilt.
Nobody heard of this scope until the James Bond movie. Later on the game version. Oh well it live on in our eyes in these two items.
As a local and neighbor of this town, I'll tell you what really happened in a shorter version: Our government is corrupt and they would take the maintenance money to line their pockets.
All of this happened because EA wanted to prove the Rogue Transition levolution could happen
anothr opportunity gifted to china.
In the era this was built technology was improving by leaps and bounds.   I am sure the designers knew that it would be obsolete before construction was completed or shortly Thereafter like so many other Cold War projects.  It was likely designed to operate for a decade, certainly not for 60 years.  New and better technology would most certainly be available by then.
This place holds a special place in my heart... Ill never forget picking off choppers with smaws from the top of the towers just to be eventually kamikazed by a jet 🙂
Everybody knows that it really collapsed because a tank or a guy with c4 destroyed the cables on conquest
Wait a minute..........It was also used to detect incoming nuclear warheads?..........hmmmm.
Them darn battlefield 4 players lol
It all has to do with cash.  Years ago it was known that the cables were ageing and needed to be upgraded. However there was no money available to do the renovation back before it became too dangerous. The whole project was always run on a shoestring budget, with constant scrimping and cutting corners to keep the site in operation. It just got old and died.
Well now I guess Alec Trevelyan really can’t get that last firing call out to the Goldeneye weapon.
When I first saw a picture of the Arecibo telescope I was impressed by the size and the cleverness of building a movable focal point. The name Arecibo will always invoke the idea of future technology. I hope the demolition includes selling the aluminium panels to science aficionados rather than melting them down. I would like to own a small piece of the famous Arecibo Radio Telescope. Might even raise funds for further research, or even a new telescope. The concrete pillars will last for centuries as a visible monument to the telescope.
Excellent video and the information was presented so that most everyone could understand it.  Keep making your Great video's as I look forward to watching them !!   👍👍👍
Aliens destroyed it so it could not be used to track them.  At least that is what they told me...
I crieed a little when i first heard of the Arecibo Telescope collapsed. Another great video Grady. You are the boom.
Nothing a few Billion dollars can't fix,... *and be constructed WRONG AGAIN!!*
Well if I learned one thing, its that cable dehumidification systems exist.
DId Sean Bean have anything to do with this one?
I love this, "What happened" series you've started. With how poor American infrastructure is at the monument, I'm guessing you have plenty of content to come.
I saw Goldeneye.. i know what happened...
It's in Golden Eye
4:45 that be on ballsy dude
Creators like this give me a little bit of Hope for the future of the internet
China dish is only passive reception. Not as impressive as Arecibo's active radar imaging capability.
Building a huge dish, then focusing only a fraction of the radiation on any one point so that you can "steer", seems a suboptimal design.  By this decade, saving your money to build something groundbreaking seems worthwhile, rather than sustaining an old dish because it's "iconic".  Caribbean humidity also seems a challenge in a few ways.  It served its purpose, now time to move on.
I feel sorry for the local scientists that depended on the telescope to feed their families.
History books written by this telescope. It was disheartening to see the collapse of debris and cables that cemented the end of this amazing telescope. It gave me pictures to learn as a kid in a science book that goes from natural disasters all the way to astro imaging to telescopes and planets along with future predictions.  It's why I'm interested in science and the many other topics of space and how people try to discover new phenomenas or things. Crazy to see this all unfold so rapidly. But old tech is old tech and they break someday. I hope they make something futuristic again just like they did in the 60s on the site and do justice to its previous works.
Glad in a way, that Sagan wasn't here to see this.  Sad.
How long is a structure like this designed to last? They must have known that technology would eventually make it obselite.
They found aliens and they didn't want people to know so they destroyed it to cover it up
Very good report.  Thanks. I wish to have heard the cables pop.
You should do a video on early radio stuff like "The Big Horn" and other related stuff. Maybe make it a history thing. I really wish I had been able to finish college. Asshole recessions and stuff.
Wow man. Great video.
Wish you would have mentioned Bond. James Bond.
Please put in a better background, love the vids
Brilliant video - thank you!
Seeing Kips on a plot just makes the civil engineer in me happy ....
In 2020.... of course it was.
Aliens behind this👽👽👽
Ah sad day when it went down. I first heard about Arecibo in the 70’s in high school.  It did so much, discovered so much and inspired so many. RIP. Hope they can rebuild and continue the legacy.
Really appreciate this breakdown, at the time i felt from the news it was entirely neglect over the years, but that seems not to be the entire story. Great to hear the engineering reccomendations and understand what was going on. From what you've presented, and what that engineer reccomended, it was absolutely the correct call. That snap could have had all kinds of engineers on site when it happened if repair attempts had commenced.
Everytime I see my pictures of the last time I went I cry. Everytime I see videos like this it still hurts to have something that made us all feel so proud to be a part of science come crashing down.   So many people proposed fixing and repairing its infrastructure but after hurricanes , and horrible earthquakes after earthquake, what else could It have endured?
Such a loss to our world...
Geez all this time I thought it was James Bond fighting SMERSH.
Really appreciate these current (engineering) event videos!! News reports often don't capture the whole picture of why things happened the way they did.  You help me learn more about what's going on!
One of the worse effect of the collapse will be the heavy politization of science unless Arecibo can be quickly replaced
What happened was that when Alec was asking James Bond if it was for "England" and James responded with, "No, for me" and let him drop all that height towards the center and then the center telescoping antenna collapsed on Alec, killing him, they haphazardly rebuilt it and it wasn't the same again
That would be a cool place to drift
I was waiting for them to use remote drones to fix the platform before it was destroyed, I expected something along the lines of how they built suspension bridge cables or something.  It was so sad when it wasn't saved.
We know that contractors supply defective cables. Roebling found this out on the Brooklyn Bridge 140 years ago.
12/1/2020 never forget.
0:01 For England James? No, for me.
Huh, I always assumed it was a giant concrete dish
Where are Boston dynamics robots when you need them.
It collapsed after people cut the wires cause they were tired of the snipers
That so sad; I didn't even know it happened. I really wanted to visit that but now i can never do so :(
The NSF's report to Congress: _"Because you fuckers kept denying us funding. That's why."_
Just another government failure! This was easy to see coming and fix, but wasn't. Real nice!
It was the drone, it got to close and a propeller nipped the cable.
I'm guessing not a whole lot of ppl in this particular comment section were just as shocked as I to learn that this wasn't just a set from the Bond film "Goldeneye."
Very nerdy
That is not a telescope… Radio telescope is a different thing..
Backward technology, otherwise the Dept of Defense would never had abandoned it. This is was just a hanging museum.
Is Sean Bean, aka 006, down there?
why did it fail?  1 BF4 Jet...
Another great video. I like watching these and cannot say I'd enjoy reading the reports detailing the failures nearly as much as these concise and interesting but detailed videos. Thanks a bunch! <3
I never even heard it collapsed......how was this not national news? oh right it was 2020 or year of the virus
When tall thin buildings are built in dense areas, do they have to submit a demolition plan for the far out future?  I know its going to be many (many!) decades. but at some point buildings like: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/432_Park_Avenue will need to be demolished.  I can't see the old fashioned controlled demolition working.  What will they do?  Take it apart piece by piece?  The drone footage at the end of this one was amazing.
The margin of safety looked pretty good to me. It gave months of warning the structure was failing and allowed complete evacuation such that no one was even hurt.
I can’t believe they stole the idea from Battlefield.
that bright-ass window in the background ain't helping the video quality, fam
Thanks for the explanations. It was sad to see it go. I hope they do replace it with something that has even more capabilities and do it in the same place. :)
It made a great battlefield 4 map 🌚
Great presentation. I wondered what led up to the collapse. Some years ago I went below the dish to look at the habitat there. The bowl-shaped karst structure, by the way, is a. doline, not a sink hole.
Battlefield 4 players: "Just like the simulations"
This sounds like a fail but in my mind it is really a win. The engineers kept everybody safe and they got years of use out of it. Not an ideal end but super well managed given the circumstances.
It was probably James Bond.
They were playing irl bf4
Before the final collapse, I recommended that the staff on site paint the dish with roulette wheel colours and numbers, then raise money by taking bets on where the dome would land. Sadly they didn't have time to implement this suggestion properly, but I'm pretty sure whoever bet on 18 Red walked away with a lot of money. :)
I had never seen the movie Contact until after having seen the Arecibo telescope come crashing down. So I was pretty shocked and saddened to see it in that movie still in all its glory. Knowing it had been utterly destroyed and left to neglect.
I absolutely love these videos. Real, straightforward engineering analysis is so awesome when done in an entertaining way.
Such a tragedy... I'm just glad that we had enough time and expertise to ensure it was only a tragic loss of a beautiful and unique scientific tool instead of also lives
is there king of the hill
The Arecibo telescope was a remarkable telescope. It was the "space" telescope of its time like Hubble and Chandra are today (hubble "eyeglasses" notwithstanding). I am grateful for it and all the work it was used for.  I'd like to see it replaced with progressive, innovative space - observing equipment. Maybe include a LIGO? We should probably look to build something that can detect something we have little equipment to study, yet.  And make sure it is gentle to the environment.
Bruh it’s like that BF4 map
Shoddy government construction
That was ATCA at about the 1 minute mark right? It's been too long since I've been there, but that looked like a 90 degree axis between the telescopes (VLA is on three arms, ATCA on two).
Golden EYE :D
It's sad to have lost Arecibo 1.6 (or however many updates it received after 1.0). However, this may mean an eventual Arecibo 2.0, rather than just patching and grafting to keep it in operation and reasonably up to date. The collapse was certainly not a good thing, but it did open an opportunity we would be wise to take.
Wait this isn’t Scott Manley
Only 57 years old? Just goes to show why it's important to maintain such structures. What a waste. Crazy its load factor was 2. 5-10 at least.
Levolution.
Turn a negative into a positive and convert what’s left of the dish into a world class skate park.
In the end, the levolution was real
Ellie Arrowway`s ruby maser finally destroyed the telescope. (Contact reference. The book, not the movie.)
I see MI6 managed to delete Bonds actions as the cause of the failure. j/k Great episode
Couldn't they just lower it softly?
So, ran outta.momey under Obama administration (color me shocked AF) then bureaucrats stalled and nerds played on their PCs until it failed due lack of fuks given in time to matter.
I'm not sure why they haven't just rebuilt Arecibo, I saw video of it collapsing back in 1995 and then it was working again right away
Could we turn a crater on the dark side of the moon into a radio telescope dish?
Anyone else really wanna play Battlefield 4 right now?
I wonder if Charlie Sheen and those aliens had something to do with it.
"stop breaking the fucking cables i will ban you" - an admin on a bf4 server
RIP
I was 007, chasing 006, dropped it on him and escaped by helicopter! lol
Excellent video. Also: BF4 called it ages ago https://youtu.be/TV7jvnNi62I
Failure? No just another rapid unscheduled disassembly.
What was the opinion of the Arkansas Department of Transportation? Safe?
Scott Manley explained all this... when it happened.  You're a bit late to the party.
I saw the thumbnail last night when this wen up but I didn’t realize it was a practical engineering video!   I love your breakdowns dude, cant wait to watch this one
It's a good thing the Chinese spent all these years developing their own radio dish with technology they learned on their own! Oh, that's right. The technology was given to them. Made myself look like a silly goose there didn't I 😂
Levelution I guess.
Amazing footage from the drone.
Visiting the Arecibo Facility was and is still on my bucket list, but it won't be the same without the great dish.  I likewise hope that they're able to install another megastructural instrument there to replace it - it's a great site and I hope it continues doing research for many years to come (with or without a new dish).  Point of order, though: FAST is a bigger telescope, but lacks Arecibo's transmission capacity - it's designed to be receive-only and the retrofit would be complex, as I understand it.  Humanity has lost a powerful space-radar - we have exactly one other comparable instrument (the Goldstone Solar System Radar in California, which has a transmission capacity barely a fifth of Arecibo's weakest transmitter and is significantly less sensitive).  It's not hyperbole, I think, to say that the Arecibo Dish was a unique facility, and that even 58 years after its construction it had no equal while it stood.
Wow, I hadn’t been aware of the drone footage of the failure! That has to be invaluable footage for engineers to determine the failure mode..  Imagine if there were something similar for the Silver bridge or Tacoma Narrows, at their initial failure points!  Amazing!
And nice to see a 'negative' report acted upon and proven to be right.  I had to give bad news on projects to managers several times in my career, so I know just how difficult it is to do - it is invariably ignored!
Sure hope James is ok.
They failed to use “practical engineering “ when they designed the cable structure
Excellent - informative and thought provoking, and pitched at just the right level for those of us with an interest in engineering, but without the experience (and maths!) to really understand it.  Thank you.
Lmfao I was just watching Contact last night. Coincidence? I think not!
With a safety factor of only 2 , they should have replaced the cables every 5 years.  The Engineer took one look at the decades of neglect and knew that it was a death trap.
RIP 006
2:1 is nothing, I wouldn't have gone up there knowing that.
Very sad, that the arecibo observatory crashed. It was an important one which made so much discoveries! But it was built for way less. It was never designed to hold the gregorian dome. The original cables were old and apparently already to worn out and the new support cables weren't strong enough to hold the entire structure. But nobody got hurt and it has goven us huge insights into the universe.
Sixty year old original cables still in use, really? I'm amazed they didn't let go years ago.
Battlefield 4
What a great video about a great topic, thank you, my friend! 🌹
While all those Scientists are available, have them calculate the chances of having a drone pointing exactly where it needed to on the moment of failure.
Perhaps longer cables on a winch, lift the whole crap up using the winch, winch it down for repairs and shit. How the hell did they get it up in the first place, a helicopter?  I guess it was made for short term or they'd thought something else up
I still think of the Battlefield 4 map... Man I love that game
Oh noo......🥱🥱😑😑  Fucking science nerd  Just because your smarter than me doesn't mean you have to show off This man using words I didn't know existed
the cables should have been replaced at regular intervals. this is done with sailboats and suspension bridges. too bad.  first saw pictures of arecibo back in the 70s.
That drone footage is unreal. Wow.
This should explain the whole story: *designed and built by the DoD* . It's a miracle it lasted so long.
Year after year and yet another superb video - what a wonderful channel!
Salt, aluminum and steel with a sacrificial zinc anode that just happens to be under tens of thousands of pounds of tension. What could possibly go wrong.
Bottom line... you just can't expect steel cables to last 60 years. Probably should be swapped out after about 20.
Well done sir!
I’m glad I got a chance to ride up to the receiver structure in 2018.
Absolutely amazing video - although also very sad. Very well put together. I've really enjoyed watching your "what really happend..." videos. They must require a ton of research, time and effect - and also no fun time spent playing with blue water experiments and toy boats in the garage...   Can't wait for you to do a video on the "Genoa bridge collaps", the "Florida International University pedestrian bridge collapse" and of course the more recent and very tragic "Champlain tower collapse".   The theory that the punching shear failure of the collapsed pool deck should somehow be the cause of the  entire building collapsing seems so unreaal to me. Anyway, I'm sure that when we learn the truth one day - you'll make a video about it 😉
isn't that a battlefield 4 map?
My late father used to work at the observatory as a chef. As an Arecibeño the observatory filled me with a sense of pride, knowing that my municipality (Arecibo) had the biggest telescope in the world (before 2016), and that it was a respected place internationally, made me feel great. I really do hope that in the future institutions can build something even better in the same location to continue the history of such a place and give Puerto Ricans and Americans more pride in our pursuit of astronomy. Cheers.
Wait so it was designed with a safety factor of 2 meaning that the cables would be at their limit at 200% of the static load, but the second cable snapped at 90% of its rated load? I think a look into the corrosion theory is worth a look. Usually static loads are a simple thing.
Bf4  😂
consider that they didn't have a computer model back then, and all these were pretty much by pen and paper and the structure still stood for 60 years, with an addition dome.  I think they did a great job.
A one of a kind telescope collapsed because the billionaires of the world wanted to keep some extra change in their pocket.
I thought it fell on Sean Bean.
Looks like James Bond dropped the telescope on Alec Travelian.
I read about 2 weeks ago NSF was trying to get funding to rebuild a better version of a telescope there.  It failed because, of funding and the fact that funding was being cut from maintenance.  And, it was poorly designed from the start.  This is a result and just the little things of the US losing it's edge, we let things fall into disrepair.
damn, bf4 levelutions hit different now
Battlefield happend
If instead of suspending the central listening device, in the center, they alter the shape of the Dome, they could put a ring around it, that would be much more permanently stable, and allow them to receive the same basic information, if not more so, with far less maintenance.   Would be neat, if they figure out a model, that would work well, with that form factor, as then there are far, far, less failure points.   Though they would be gathering information at a greater angle, instead of nearly up and down, etc.  This would be far more practical.
It really saddens me to think that I was born and raised 30 minutes away from the telescope and never got to see it.
What an iconic structure. I hope your wishes will come true, Grady, and it will be replaced with something as futuristic and ambitious as the old dish was when it was planned.
"For England James?" "No, for me"
"Its lost was felt around the world"  Meanwhile, memes of Battlefield 4 were being pumped out
You know Q was giving 007 a nasty look.
cyclical loading of the cables
seems to me the engineers in Florida, are less then worthy of their jobs, they also said that tower that clasped was safe
Looks like someone got bored on rouge transmission...
It caught covid and died.
Failure: Steel made in China.
Neglect   !!!
Here's how it could of been saved.  A crew of 7 riggers with nothing to lose.  Damn the engineering reports, because the pay is too good to pass up.
TY for this in depth video. Once again a great addition, I like your work so much.
Such a shame I only visited it once
For England James? No, for me.
Mi telescopio 😓💔
I don't believe it failed, they've been talking about taking it down for a few years now, it was demolished on purpose, don't let them fool you. ,
Excellent.   Sad to see it go.
Goldeneye
It should be pointed out that the original engeering did not fail. It was the engineering to add extra weight for the Gregorian dome that failed. When the new engineering failed, the old engineeing was pushed right to it's safety limit. It is a testament to the skill of the original engineers that the telescope structure did not fail immediately when taking a shock loading of a much larger weight than expected or designed for.
Oh man; Arecibo broke in December?? It feels like years ago now...
Grady, thank you for your videos!  In learn so much and as a software engineer, I watch your videos and feel like I'm missing out on other engineering disciplines!  Cheers sir!
15:42  A safety factor of two sounds almost negligent, if that's really the factor for "the expected _static_ loading from the platform"...and no one in their right mind should have assumed the structure would have no dynamic loads, considering it's all exposed to the weather, in an area that often gets tropical storms if not hurricanes.
Now comes the real question: I've heard estimates to clean the whole thing out and build a replacement between $6 and 25B.  Who cuts the first check?  Jeff?  Richard?  Elon?  Bill?
One of those awesome collaborations between engineering and science.
I would hope the cables weren't made as shown at 14:37.  Steel cables with a fiber core have a habit of corroding from the inside, with the fiber wicking moisture into the centre of the cable.  This would make them very difficult to inspect, as the strength will be seriously reduced long before there's any corrosion visible from the outside.  (Obvs, this can still be a problem with steel-core cables, but it's generally less common without having the fiber to act as a wick.)
Another pertinent observation here: John Agustus Roebling apparently wintered near me in Clearwater, Florida; there are a couple streets named for him.  He was the engineer who designed the Brooklyn Bridge, still open to traffic 138 years after it was first opened in the late 1800s.  I read somewhere that he was asked why that bridge was still standing, when so many from that era had collapsed.  His reply was that, not knowing what he didn't know, he calculated the maximum combined static and dynamic loads he could envision the bridge having to withstand...  And then multiplied by *six*.  That's engineering, folks; not seeing how far you can cut the design back.
good video. crazy that a drone captured the failure.
Goldeneeeeeye
NASA failure investigation report here: https://ntrs.nasa.gov/api/citations/20210017934/downloads/20210017934%20FINAL.pdf Paul
Yet another great topic! Thank you Grady! I love how informative and detailed your videos are! They always make PRACTICAL sense of ENGINEERING. 😉😉😉
these pictures still make sad 😟
Thank you for explaining the engineering aspects of this, Grady.  Others have discussed it from an astronomy perspective or sensational catastrophe perspective, so it is really interesting to hear your take.
If you look at the memo from the engineering firm, you can see that the managing principal of the firm signed and sealed it as a Licensed Professional Engineer.  This is one of those "entire career on the line" calls.  We try to give those only to people proven equipped to make them.
So ... uh. The image for the EMS is misleading in 1:12. Amplitude doesn't increase as you travel towards radio waves. Frequency does.
Woah he changed the intro music
If they designed it with a Factor of Safety of 2, then added the Gregorian Dome, which was 50% heavier than the existing receiver, that essentially would have lowered the factor of safety to 1.33. The original designers couldnt have predicted the technological advancements that led to the Gregorian dome. I think they cannot be blamed for not giving a higher factor of safety, as it would have seemed sufficient at the time.
I love your breakdowns on accidents and engineering mistakes series very much.
Bond... James Bond.
Anything for hoisting things above humans is rated  4:1 or 5:1. -- static load -- meaning no temporary shock loads. Consider this when using the chain off of grandpa's old tractor to pull that just-as-old engine out of some POS vehicle.
If only we had helicopters... oh wait We do! Negligence at it’s finest.
I hope this doesnt come off as morbid but I can't wait for his video on the surfside condo collapse (if it happens)
Another fantastic video Grady! I love this series, super interesting. Thank you for the education and inspiration
A battlefield 4 conquest match got out of hand
One additional problem the telescope endured was 2020 earthquakes just south of the observatory.  https://www.usgs.gov/news/magnitude-64-earthquake-puerto-rico
:-)
If we rebuild, it will be the best thing that could have happened. But it’s an important piece of history and had unique scientific capabilities that literally do not exist at any other facility at this time, so at best, we have temporarily lost the capability to perform certain science work. Sad. I hope some organization steps up with funding to rebuild a newer, better replacement.
rip the goldeneye
So sad! Without any exaggeration, seeing things like the Arecibo Telescope almost three decades ago in books and TV has sparked my interest in science from an early age. I would eventually go as far as obtaining a physics Ph.D. Now, I do not work in Academia any more, but I still am, and always will be, a scientist through and through. Thank you Arecibo!
Excellent as always, Grady. Impeccably researched, approachably explained, well edited... one of the few channels where I can let my scientific skepticism relax.  I've always thought, as both a scientist and engineer myself, that while scientists may be the ones pushing the forefront of human knowledge, and thus require the _deepest_ understanding of their fields, they're subject to making certain simplifying assumptions so regularly and for so much of their lives, that they often start to confuse those assumptions with reality. Some assumptions are especially insidious in that they're implicit, and not consciously accounted for. Thus, over the decades of a career, especially in theoretical science, those implicit assumptions quietly weave themselves into the tapestry of "what reality is" for each scientist.  Engineers, on the other hand, are mostly confined to work well within the bounds of well-understood science, and often have the _broadest_ understanding of their field. An engineer simply _cannot_ get lost in a world of simplifying assumptions. Every assumption has to come with some extra margin of design or safety to compensate in case it's wrong. In the most demanding cases, this can be extremely difficult, as the scope of such assumptions becomes very tiny and nuanced. If an engineer gains a bad habit of conflating any assumptions with reality, reality will give them a swift and unforgiving kick to the behind... often by dropping a bridge, a building, or a priceless instrument and artifact of the hope and curiosity of our species, at the cost of lives and, too often, a portion of our spirit.
It's sad to see any structure that received this much effort having a catastrophic failure. But glad it inspired people in its lifetime and will allow us to literally learn from failure to build even safer structures in the future :-)
I thought it a stroke of incredible luck to have a drone camera focused on the support cables at the moment of failure.
I heard it was these two unidentified British guys fistfighting on the platform that caused the collapse. :P
15:00 I'm pretty sure I can understand when someone tells me that a place is 20 minutes away. But I have no idea how far 60 years is.  Seems far, but it was described as a short distance.
also i was told cable cars have a safety factor of 4
This is old news isnt it?
I was with his evaluation right up to his attack on the safety factor originally used. When applied post failure that's called a cheap shot. Be ashamed.
Wondering how much extra complexity it would add to such structures to include a winch/pulley system for just one anchor point, that would enable the slow controlled lowering or lifting of the suspended mass. Basically a crane on site. Likely they used something similar when they lifted the original equipment into position, then just got rid of it. Having such equipment sitting there for decades without any role clearly comes with a lot of added maintenance and expenditure, on the other hand, you'd get much better serviceability. Just in case something like this happens.
The cable guy.....
Wonder if cutting the dome off would have saved it from collapse
Just cause 2
Thank you for that explanation Grady!
It is unfortunate, but good on those engineers for doing their job. I worry about engineers feeling sheepish to recommend drastic measures such as complete demolition, as that is very expensive and taxing on whatever that structure provides. These guys knew what needed to happen and made the proper recommendations, while also going the extra mile to establish safe zones. Good on them.
This actually makes me sad
I hope the cable system at Arecibo will end up teaching us something new. Maybe there was an aspect of corrosion that nobody has considered before. If that's an outcome of this tragedy, it will have been worth it.   And then after we have learned that lesson, let's build it back better.
He's right about the 1.5 FOS for aerospace
Repetitive stress fatigue. As a motorcycle mechanic I know that control cables like a clutch cable are remarkably similar. And when they fail it looks very similar the failure in the video. They always break right at the joint. By the way an even better way to form a spelter socket is to heat the steel strands right at the end of the cable enough to melt the steel forming little enlarged balls on the ends of the strands. You just have to be careful to keep the heat as close to the end of the cable as possible as heating the cable steel above red hot embrittles it.
Thank you for making this video. Although your channel is mainly focused on Civil Engineering, many of your viewers are interested in STEM topics, beyond practical engineering. The Arecibo telescope is one heartbreaking failure for people interested in investigation, and such an incredibly produced video is incredibly touching. Once again, thank you.
Ngl I thought it was destroyed years ago
You should also never use a rotating rope or cable in a socket, only a non-rotating rope. Otherwise they can unwind out of the socket over time. We discontinued using sockets on rotating ropes in mining about 20 years ago. For hoisting in Shaft, single ropes use a FS of 5 at the sheave and 8 at the conveyance.  For multi rope hoists, a FS of 4 is used.  2 is pretty low FS for cables, even static.
17:10 There is research to be done on the people who are still alive🎶
My family and I lived there for a year when I was a post-doc. Very sad.
Man, I just love your videos! This was a great video. Your analysis on mega-structure failures are awesome.
I love these "What Really Happened" type of videos. Very interesting.
I've heard that some in congress have proposed building a replacement at the site.  As an astronomy fan, I would love that.  However, it's hard to imagine that such a proposal would recieve the neccessary support.
It was just a game of Battlefield, don't worry about it...
Battlefield 4 predicted the future.
I was just extremely saddened when I heard of its collapse and I hope they build a new one.
X Files S2, anyone?
Very interesting. Thanks for posting this. Have a nice day now.
Tough to lose it.
It’s not hard to see why it failed: 1. Not enough funding 2. Poor or lack of proper maintenance 3. Poor planing and operation/redundancies to accommodate the extra weight of the added science structure  4. Next to a high corrosion environment 5. No plan for cable/ structure failure in place.
Cheap bean counters control it all and loss is expected with a so what! Science marches on slowly through the bean gas emissions and yes, it all stinks!
That was a sad day for science.
Even if S was 1, if it failed at 0.62, there has to have been an introduced defect, either at fabrication or during use (e.g. fatigue traction/contraction due to the storms). Also, for those out there thinking S=1.5 is low for aviation, the space industry highest S is 1.2~1.25. Remember, in space, 1kg of extral material = thousands of extra $ in cost, and a .1 increase in S adds tons to the vehicle.
Battlefield 4 predicts
Haven’t been here since bf4
I am truly surprised that it was not designed with winches that could lower the platform periodically for maintenance and instrument upgrades.  Oh, and how about a "Thank You" to the Department  Of Defense for letting astronomers use there giant nuke detector for as long as it lasted.
I thought this was just for battelfield 4
60yrs ago, noone knows how global warming would be this bad and would cause much worse weather, that damage the first two cables.
Built on a military contractors budget during the cold war on territorial land to sense incoming Soviet ICBM's You can't expect this not to be a lowest bid item?
While it would be wonderful to see a new radio telescope built there, the difficulties in finding funding to keep the observatory going before the collapse makes me doubt it will happen. I'd like to wrong.
Fantastically interesting and superbly presented... as always! I learn so much from these videos. Thanks!
Love these episodes about deep dives into actual disasters that happened and why!
I think I learned MORE watching this video than I did in my senior year of High School.  Amazing stuff.  This has become my new favorite channel.
It wasn't maintained much like Calif electrical grid, or forest underbrush.
I'm from Puerto Rico, when I heard of the collapse, and saw the photos and videos on that day... it was really heartbreaking
It was abandoned and in Puerto Rico, what do you expect??
UHMWPE cables would solve the problem
i say drop the dome. that would return you to a point where you have the number of cables originally designed for
5:20 upgrade? you probably mean rebuild after the sean bean incident
Shouldn't it have been feedlines and not line feeds?
Sad as it may be, everything ages. Whether it's the primary use of the telescope and its technology falling behind the times, the physical materials decaying, the funds drying up, the personnel moving on or the team of engineers projecting its end of life, they all speak of a long, valued life.  And just as magnificent as it was, so to was its end.  To me it's all fascinating. Natural expiration isn't just a sad ending. It's just what happens, expected from even before the moment of birth. Rather, it's just another chapter. Another part of a wondrous book. And the story will go on, through the various people, projects and parts that once supported the Arecibo Telescope.  Life will go on
Make new towers  and point the antennas at the dish once it's repaired.
This is a 2020 moment.
57 years old.  Time to retire.  Thanks Arecibo.
Bezos and Musk should rebuild it.
When science instruments are large enough to be featured on this channel....
A department of defense project from the 1950s, it was built reasonably cheap and fast… A horrible loss to the scientific community but I’m amazed it lasted as long as it did.
This is actually so sad :/
Great video, thanks Grady! I’m amazed that the drone was in position to catch the failure in such detail! Unfortunate event but a reminder that engineering is always pushing the limits and often, if not always, has huge consequences if something does go wrong.
Battlefield 4?
This just the right moment to *build a new, and bigger, one ! Even much bigger than Japan !* With an diameter of at least 2 kilometers !!
The cause was pretty simple: Bureaucrats and modern academia. From inadequate inspection and cable slushing (things known to even the most hoedunk logging crew as critical) to excessive time spent wringing hands and studying the study of the investigation of a study of design info they should have know since the thing was built; meanwhile the problem just keeps getting worse, until of course the issue solved its self.
a sad story, but an inspiring end! always happy to see an "is" instead of "was" on the wikipedia entry for stuff like this
I think it is misguided to be critical of the initial design of the structure given its original purpose and the fact that it stood for 60 years. The DOD built it as an experiment and sold it once it was no longer useful to them. The fact that it lasted decades after its initial design purpose is a testament to the design.  There is a lot of debate about funding and how more money could have been thrown at upkeep of the structure. The sad fact is that there wasn't enough interest in the facility. Had there been a better PR campaign there could have been more government funding or even philanthropy funding (plenty of supposed philanthropic billionaires could have donated). Given this, failure was inevitable. Again, the facility stood decades after its original purpose, so the design wasn't as faulty as some people might believe.
Ironic they were watching with cameras
"Allow me to demonstrate how this radio telescope collapsed using this acrylic flume..."  Seriously, thank you for this video and explaining how and why Arecibo collapsed.  Having been there and seeing this magnificent piece of equipment it is sad that it came to this sort of end.  BTW Arecibo had the surface area of 30 football fields and was the radio telescope used in the movies 'Goldeneye' and 'Contact'.
Martians sent a vibrating ray to poke the telescope in the eye because they were tired of being spied on
So, next version, use something similar to a cable tram arrangement to increase the field of view? Then you could have the option of a "home" position on the ground for the receiver. If the new towers are set further out, you'd even be able to remove the entire receiver from the dish for maintenance or replacement - or swappable receivers depending on the target body. I see many possibilities for increasing the onsite abilities while decreasing risk, taking advantage of modern computer analysis.
Always have an ample fudge factor. That is what my radio communications instructor said about designing anything, because it will go through the unexpected at some point.
I think it was Space aliens 👽 ….. who got tired of us looking through their windows ……. Thanks for the Great Episode …. Green Bank WVA is pretty interesting story as well …
Too soon! My feels! :(
Rebuild it. Remake him better, faster, stronger.
The cable failuers sound like a very similar situation that happened at Humber Bridge. They found moisture in the cables that the original engineers didn't predict would occur. They ended up having to spend a lot of money re-conditioning and re-splicing the cables. Considering the Humber Bridge finished construction in 1981, and this structure is significantly older than that, there's no wonder they didn't predict this kind of corrosion would occur.   Considering the humidity of the region, there really is no wonder.
Can you do one on the tower collapse in south florida?
My take? The national science foundation's neglect and diverting of funds for decades doomed this facility. The final report when the cable analysis is complete will blame literally everyone else, though.
What a feat of engineering! It's such a shame... I really really hope we can one day find the use for another. This was spawned from a military project so maybe next time we can build one in the interest of strictly science
Simple!  $$$$$$$$$$$$$ or the lack there of...
Bruh I saw the thumbnail and got bf4 flashbacks
This was an amazing video. Thanks for once again making these enormous forces seem understandable. And I'm shocked to find that Goldeneye preceded Contact by two years.
Shocked, I thought it was permanently closed, kinda glad to see that they're trying to keep it going
BATTLEFIELD 4
I get it, but I don’t really get it, you get me?
👍👍😎✌️😢😢
I blame James Bond!
We need to rebuild it. It was the most powerful and sensitive radar telescope in the world and it is in a very quite radio area, something that is not easy to find in this day and age. A lot of the equipment is still there and intact, as well. With modern engineering and cost of materials, it would be be cheaper to construct now. We could even make many of the suspended structures out of lighter and stronger materials. Hell, just the cost of the aluminum panels would be way cheaper now and could be made thinner by using a modern alloy.
Man as a complete outsider to engineering, this channel is honestly the best. No fluff, no garbage, just pure, cool, crisp information.
Wow I guess someone rocketed the cables
I hope they can rebuild
Double margin was with new cable, likely with at least 30% extra from the cable manufacturer understating tensile strengths the cables were guaranteed to withstand.  However 60 years of spotty maintenance meant the paint was covering salt ingress, and thus making thousands of small electrochemical cells along the cable itself, leading to the gradual weakening of them. Eventually the strain was too great for the remaining cable, and you can see it was suffering from plastic deformation until it finally got to the yield point, and the rest went in a second or so as they were massively overloaded. Likely examination of the failed cable ends will show the plastic deformation and the corrosion cells where they failed in sequence, along with likely all of the cable length being corroded from the inside. The failed sockets likely a mix of the zinc being too cold when poured, the steel cable and socket was also not heated up enough, and 60 years of salt turning the zinc into zinc oxide and zinc chloride inside the joint.  And for elevators, the 11 times safety factor means a single cable is able to hold the car safely, even if all the others fail. Typically 4 cables minimum, though for long travel 6 is common, more to reduce wear on the sheaves than anything else, as this spreads the contact area out and thus the pressures are lower. Inspections not snapped strands, and replace them when there are too many snapped strands within a certain distance on the cable, or from an end. The quick way to look for snapped strands is to take a cloth, and wrap loosely around the cable, then run the car from top to bottom, and see if the cloth gets snatched. Almost no elevator accidents are due to cable failure, pretty much every other part fails first.
Proof that nerds are sexy. And yes, I cried with Arecibo collapsed.
Shame they couldn't have used helium/hydrogen balloon/dirigibles (perhaps many of them) to temporarily attach to the suspended structure/cables to lessen the load. I'm sure each would provide only small lift, but maybe enough large ones could have compensated for the lost cables and allowed crews to safely attach emergency cables. Maybe even use drones to pull smaller cables over the existing supports and under the platform (allowing increasingly larger ones to be pulled over). Even if these were simply draped between existing cable mounts, it may have been enough for an emergency stopgap. Oh well.
Beliveme,  that's hurt a lot here in Puerto Rico💔
5:07 With or without a carriage return? ;)
Can’t believe Battlefield 4 was right
Born and raised in Puerto Rico, thank you for the great video.
This is yet another example of the declining importance that science and research for the sake of learning.  Funding is continually cut for facilities like this in our society.  Sadness doesn't begin to describe the feeling of loss.
It will be interesting to see who the original construction company was, what their expertise with construction of these cables were and what (if any) oversight the contractor had.
Sean Bean finally got his revenge.
That thing did a Tarzan vine swing into the ground, big F
?
They didn't replace the cables after 50+ years?! Fucking morons. In overhead line engineering conductors are replaced every 20-30 years minimum.
This was the video that I was waiting from you Grady.  Thank you for putting this up.
You’d think he lost a family member with the amount of passion in his voice..!
Oh bananas!!! We were doing some bits of routine maintenance up there on the 19th and when I got home I had some bolts in my pocket For the life of me I couldn't remember where they'd come from so we used them to steady the pool table in the cafeteria Might be best if everyone ignores this post Thanks folks
it still hurts seeing this fall appart...
@4:48 "It's a me, Mario/ Wahoooo!"
That collapse was completely emblematic of the past year.
Great video!
Looks like bf4
You know some sneaky BF4 bastard had something to do with it
This is what engineers do best,nothing...
I really hope they manage to Put something equally Scientific into its place!
Battlefield 4 IRL
This is such wussy bullshit. A few engineers and technicians with balls would have fixed this in a few days after the first break.
I remember my trip to the observatory. It was a cool sight to see.
"This enraged every engineer,, but by this point, Arecibo already fell, so they sort of let it go."
EA predict that in battlefield 4
Battlefield 4 😏
Getting real with the battlefield levelution
Thanks for the great videos!
С пивком пойдёт.
im surprised i havent heard about this until now
Now I don’t know who is smart, the scientists who used the telescope, or the engineers and who built the telescope.
The engineers made a tough call, but the right call.
Isn't this that telescope in GoldenEye?
If an Arecibo replacement was to be built I am curious how it be approached today?  One approach that comes to mind is something similar but with towers who's height can be adjusted or dynamically angled, partly to control load and focus, but also to facilitate maintenance. I am thinking of something similar to a crane truck, but adapted for this purpose. I haven't run any numbers or investigated in what ways it could fail, so this is just me bouncing an idea around.
knowing Puerto Rico, I am going to bet my yearly salary on shitty installation and a fuckload of corruption.
We all know it failed when James Bond blew it up in the movie Golden Eye. Believe that one, stick around and I will tell you another.
Would it have been possible to have cables like that movable enough to let the whole central structure touch the ground or is that just too much to ask a cable to move?
I had no idea that it was originally designed and built by the DoD. But looking back it makes sense. DoD would have had a BIG budget for anything related to the Cold War. I wonder what it cost to build originally? And what it's replacement cost would be today?
hey they copied this event off of battlefield 4
I’m surprised there are no battlefield 4 comments here.
Keep receiving in peace, Arecibo
You said in your video about a year ago that there was an alternative to carrying boats up rivers other than locks. I was wondering what an alternative would be?
As a medical and aerospace engineer, i have come to learn that nature has a mind of its own and no matter what we do to try and keep things from collapsing or breaking, we can never underestimate nature and her forces, no matter how well we engineer things, mother nature is ultimately in control.
Site was chosen in Karst region, because the limestone was readily eroded by soil acids, leaving all these bowls. That also made ground access very difficult. This sort of eroded limestone terrain is encountered in many areas on earth, where you have ancient sea-bed that's been uplifted.
Awe bless! She will always have a place in my heart, having James bond running round her xx
BF4 Levolution
I'd guess the cables got fatigued from cyclic loading from wind and moving the dome around. Its surprises the heck out of me that a FS of 11 is used with elevator cables but completely understandable.
Great video, it's an artform to make complex things seem easy to understand. Really appreciate it. Hearing it from an experts mouth, rather than through a newspaper is always a good thing.
Wow, you surpassed Scott Manley on this topic. 💪
Never knew how this telescope worked at all, your explanation was great sir! What a sad loss of a unique instrument. Hopefully Arecibo 2.0 comes to fruition!
Battlefield 4 anyone?
Was this the same one from the movie “contact”
The aliens zapped it after Jodie Foster received instructions on how to build that inter-dimensional travel machine.
As usual our grandfathers in the 50's were unsurpassed engineers who produced fantastic designs balancing budget and function. Then 30+ years later incompetents took over, decided to ADD LOAD to it and further undermine it with inadequate and inept maintenance.  Somewhere up in heaven the original engineers are shaking their heads and giving a biblical look of disapproval.
This is what happens if you do not fund the maintenance costs congers. I hope they can rebuild the observatory.
Dude thanks for making this video. As a kid, I visited the Observatory as part of school trips.
you can see a few red mist in the triangular thing, that thing was corroded already.
Really enjoy this format.
They demolished it BC they don't want to share info about the asteroid that is comin, arecibo ,the one in China and some controlled by us army are the only one capable of calculate the path of a distant asteroid
As a Puerto Rican who could see the telescope from my backyard, thank you so much for making this video. I'm pretty sad how this installation went down. The time and passion you put into your videos is incredible, I feel like I'm in class learning something new.
very sad
did not learn any thing new on the matter
I hope they build something but it will be hard to get that mid-century military funding level of money.
1:05 hm, something wrong, frequency is changing not amplitude
The only reason I remotely recognize this is the map from Battlefield 4 which I played the crap out of
Excellent video.
I can only hope that this disaster inspires the US and EU to build bigger or otherwise better radio telescopes. We should be able to see radio signals from any direction at all times
"Sorry we can't fund any useful research that could help advance humans and technology years into the future, we would rather bomb brown people we don't like and give all that money to military contractors instead. You don't mind, right?" -Pentagon
This video is the first I heard of this.
Everyone's being all sad about the collapse but I'm just mindblown that this was predicted in BF4
I never even heard!  OMG!!  Hope they rebuild that sucker even better!
Please do part 2 of Oroville dam chute spillway. Details of rebuilding the spillway
It is difficult to wrap your head around how enormous this dish actually was without seeing it. It is as wide as 4.5 football fields end to end and has the surface area of 30 football fields.  It was also featured in the film 'Contact' and the James Bond spy movie 'Goldeneye'.
I love the new "I own nothing and live in an insane asylum" look you're going for
Thanks for this great in depth analysis 😁.
Here before Scott Manley!
I AM NOT SAYING IT WAS ALIENS ................................................. but, yeah, it was ALIENS.....   ALIENS are TIGHT !!
AlphaPhoenix does a really good video covering how Arecibo's planetary RADAR works https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AAJTHsjYoPA
While the FAST is bigger, the RADAR capability of the Arecibo telescope made it unique in the world. We don't have a suitable replaccement for the capabilities it offered and I suspect we won't for some time
I love this series
I'll miss going to visit the dish every once in a blue moon. It sure was great to see tourists from all over the world marvel at such an impressive instrument. RIP science friend.
These disaster post-mortems are my favorite of your videos. Really interesting to hear about all of the different safety systems built into these structures, and what needs to go wrong for them to collapse anyway. Hope you'll make one on the tower collapse in Surfside eventually
Great video.
The footage of the collapse still make me very sad. This was a tragedy for science.
First failure most likely the socket. Second and third failure most likely added load and fatigue from added hold down cables. (Instead of being free to move and adjust the angle forcing it to stay level made the structure load the cables more regularly) ((Some weird loading))  All other failures due to a lack safety factor for each tower with two failed cables.
Bond did it.
Well made Video, soo informative!
I remember being amazed at how in Battlefield 4 when you destroy the telescope, and impressed how accurate it was, now im sad that it actually happened
007 GoldenEye
Great video (as usual.)    This is a good time to be interested in failure analysis.     Between the telescope and the Miami condo collapse, it's a little demand spike in PE chops.   Speaking of which, I'm looking forward to your condo pancake episode.  I know you're working on it!
Big big fan of these videos. The level of detail is perfect. And wow, that drone footage!!!! Thank you Grady, amazing work!
Salt air, I think of the Golden Gate Bridge and countless others, could there be a new corrosive gas in our Atmosphere due to Air Pollution...
Video does it no justice in terms of size. The triangular instrument platform weighs 900 tons. Cost 9.3m in 1963 dollars to build, $82.5m today. I have nothing to do with this kind of work and watching it collapse still makes me sad.
I wonder if they should build the replacement in an abandoned open pit mine somewhere in the desert southwest.  Far less risk of corrosion there. https://bloximages.chicago2.vip.townnews.com/tucson.com/content/tncms/assets/v3/editorial/e/59/e59d6ba1-9753-5f77-a96a-7dae3e4465d9/5b4ced53a574a.image.jpg?resize=1200%2C927
We all know this explanation is BS. Research with the Arecibo Telescope was getting too close to uncovering the truth about extraterrestrials and so the extraterrestrials had to make sure the Arecibo Telescope was put out of business.  The extraterrestrials used their advanced technology to make sure the destruction of the Arecibo Telescope would look like a natural disaster.  Will the Arecibo Telescope be replaced? Maybe but if it is it's not likely to be soon with all the spending on COVID, the military and other needs that carry greater urgency with Congress. By destroying the Arecibo Telescope the extraterrestrials have gained some time to move or hide whatever activities they want to keep secret.
Well guess BF4 predicted this lol
No one is going to mention battelfield?
Did they eliminate corruption in design, building, and maintenance? I've heard the saying that nothing lasts forever but why can't it last longer then many old buildings?
Sounds like they needed a better aging management program.
Every Battlefield 4 veteran knows that the structure collapsed because some guy pissed off the other guy by sniping him down from the tower, so the second guy used a tank to break the cables
bf4 takes place in 2020, telescope falls in 2020
Why would people be sad over something like this? It's a fucking tool. It's like being sad over your hammer breaking, what the fuck.
Typical for modern projects, spent so much time debating all the possibilities in excruciating detail with an emphasis every possible injury and point of failure that nothing gets done and the project fails.
Babe wake up practical engineering uploaded
*Battle Field 4 Music intensifies*
And sadly tv shows that inspired so many scientists, engineers & entrepreneurs, are also no more (blake7, space 1999, ufo, Star Trek, thunderbirds, joe90, captain scarlet, stingray, sapphire & steel, the prisoner, the champions, the twilight zone, future cop, six million dollar man, battlestar galactica, bionic woman, buck rogers, Mork and Mindy, the tomorrow people, the guardians….  To name a few are all no more). And now it’s all just 📺 contaminated by Hollywood 💩 😢
“Shifted funds away……..”
Nice
Meanwhile, crazy religious extremists are building replicas of Noah's ark with tax payer money. How poetic.
I have lived in Puerto Rico for 19 years aka my whole life and I had no clue that thing existed here, it is probably way more of a tourist spot than a Puerto Rican people thing.
Goodthing. This thing was capable of delivering an EMP that could wipe out all of the worlds satellites until 007 took care if it
Looks as though someone figured out how to dismantle this "life threatening" ,non-viable , drain of finances to the owner ,obsolete (all be it iconic) structure, in a safe, efficient and highly documented way. Not random at all. Great video all the same! The close-up of the cable "failure" and resulting chain reaction was pretty exciting to see.
It's obvious, it collapsed due to a extremely high energy beam it received from an alien civilisation not wanting any eavesdropping.
nice video.  However, I'm not a fan of the strong backlight behind the speaker.
What was the black strap, around the 3rd cable, purpose?
For some reason I always thought the dish was just a solid chunk of concrete, not metal. Neat.
Thanks for another awesome video! This was my first time hearing of Arecibo and it’s collapse.
Accidents like what happened at Arecibo are why one of my instructors would refer to a "Factor of Safety" as a "Factor of Ignorance". The idea being that you just can't know everything or predict the future.  When you consider the concept in that light, a 1.5-2x factor of safety starts to sound a little scary.
Thanks for the in-depth analysis.  I was sad to see this go.
It’s a bummer that you have to take care of and maintain the things you have, otherwise you will not have them very long.   This is a true, tangible piece of evidence how much of a joke modern society is.
Ah, so that's what it's called. I just knew it as one of the Goldeneye satellites 🙃😜 It's an object, it can (and should) be rebuilt 👍
Cables should be replaced every 10 years. Yes? No?
Looking back into Arecibo's origin you can easily see why this would happen. The Department of Defense would have had no problem approving the project with a small factor of safety given they only cared about it's intended project lifespan which turned out to be roughly 6 years and construction already took nearly 10. They had a mission and didn't care about astronomy. Consider the Hubble space telescope and how much effort and time went into it's design only to suffer from a faulty mirror. All the while the NRO as part of the DoD was sitting on 2 telescopes of superior quality than Hubble which weren't even used. In 2012 they were declassified so the NRO gave them to NASA. (20 YEARS LATER) They must work within the scope of their assignments as much as that sucks for everyone else.
Outstanding content!
I love these videos about why structures have failed, but why no mention of James Bond!?
Shout out to the engineering company not putting lives at risk
I’d pay a lot of money for a nice framed piece from the telescope, hopefully they sell some!
China takeover. De-industrialization of the west.
Battlefield 4
For England, James?
Watching the collapse is absolutely gut-wrenching & fascinating at the same time - we are losing too many inspirational & unique structures because they can't get attention & funding needed to maintain them, when we could be transforming them so they remain useful for years to come. I suspect the low factor of safety of 2 was down to it originally being a Cold War military investment, when the priority was implementation speed rather than a long-lasting structure - little did they know their nuclear weapon detector would be equally vital to human civilisation as our best near-earth asteroid detector!    RIP Arecibo 😢
Another result of not factoring the elements into a design. What was the life expectancy of the observatory anyway? I hope technology has improved and is being implemented on bridge design in salty conditions.
No no, that's the battfield map
It was heartbreaking to watch it collapse when I saw it on the news.
I've been to Puerto Rico several times growing up. I'm actually disappointed we never got the chance to visit the place before the collapse. Dispite this, I'm intrigued to see what they do with the site in the future.
If Arecibo cannot be rebuilt, then Arecibo should have one last opportunity to provide scientific knowledge to the benefit of mankind. Learning the hows and the whys of the failure should help protect future infrastructure from such catastrophic failure.
Some recon put c4 on the support cables on rogue transmission
I always get flashbacks when i play battlefield 4 with that map...somebody even shot down the telescope *cry*
It's unfortunate that by the time a problem was noticed it was likely already too late to save it. This video had a great explanation of the problems and considerations and I'm glad you decided to make it.
Didn't James Bond destroy it?
Well when you get snipers up on those towers or the suspended array you have to trigger the event or they will sit up there thw whole time helping no one.
Thank you. I always wondered why someone didnt DO something to save the Arecibo.
Thank you for the excellent video, Grady! As a Puertorrican who lived by the coast, I would believe the corrosion factor must've played in at least a bit even with the safeguards implemented, and the strong winds from Maria certainly didn't help matters. Seeing the collapse was heartbreaking to say the least.
I really enjoy these informative almost reviews of failures, not only do I learn about cool engineered structures I also learn more about how engineering happens both before the failures and after. I hope you continue to do these.
My mother grew up on the island and we were heartbroken when it collapsed, it was built before she was born so all she’s ever known was that telescope always being there. I was lucky enough to go and see the dish many years ago when we were visiting the island. There isn’t a single picture that fully captures how massive it was. A true marvel of engineering, an invaluable scientific tool, and a cultural icon. You will be missed.
006 knew the answer.
It was the Russians!
CHINA COPY THE DESIGN
Levelution in real life!
Just a case of engineers not understanding how time affects objects. It weakens metal even if your fancy computer models don't show that
A factor of safety of 2 was surprising. Something that has people on it and below it should have been engineered stronger. This structure has always been important, so they should have built it as if it was important.
I love this series
For England, James
A guy tried to get me to climb a 30 foot light duty ladder ( I was heavier than the recommended maximum weight ) - he cited the "safety factor" should allow me to safely use it. I refused.
Why is it the 4's that always fail
In the offshore construction industry we test every year all wire ropes and discard every five years regardless of cost. Factor of safety is between 4 and 8x depending on use. It would be inconceivable to have wire ropes in use this long.
Just going to stand up an applaud the engineers who worked so hard.
They've waited a long time for this self demolition instead of taking right decision to reinforce this magnificent telescope. That is not practical engineering.
Curious where you got the 1.5FS for Aerospace? I have heard numbers lower, although using an extremely conservative analysis approach.
When talking about the shock load that could have exceeded the remaining cables' strength rating, I have to assume that multiple cable failures should have been factored in; seeing as that is the most likely place to fail. So... Did they?  Either way, what happened was probably the best case anyway, since even demolishing would have likely required undue risk to people, even if they could use robots to plant explosives or chip away at the concrete.
It happened in 2020? Think i missed that because of some other news
The only thing *more* incredible than the ingenuity and scale of the Arecibo Telescope, is that this video didn't once reference Golden Eye. Well done, sir.
Was pretty neat to bring this down in Battlefield 4 though!
13:00 He mentions how the chipped paint indicates strand failure, and a great display of that is at 13:17 when the nearest cable absolutely shreds all of its paint in a matter of seconds as the cable unravels.
This is by far one of my favorite channels on YouTube. You make incredible content. Thank you for your work
This is by far my favorite show ever 👊👊👊
Man, props to the engineers who got those excellent shots of the telescope failing. I mean, it's sad and all, but at least the shots are really cool, because we get to see it failing it really great detail.
For England James?
Probably need a method of lowering the structure so that cables can be inspected, repaired, and replaced.
I'm soo glad it happened in the daytime so we can enjoy the fantastic footage. The drone footage was a huge bonus! Sad to see it go, but if it's gonna happen I wanna see it. Also I told those people at the NSF to sell off bits of the telescope to help fund a new one. I would LOVE to own a piece of history like that!
Aircraft factor of safety of 1.5?  Sometimes they are lucky to get to 1.0 and then they use a probabilistic analysis to get even lower when it comes to meeting fatigue life requirements.
PR in 2020 also saw a hell of a lot of earthquakes. Ranging from 3 to 5 on the Richter scale...
RE: "The longer you focus on an object, the more resolution you get" - The "angular resolution" of a telescope depends on the diameter of the collector and the wavelength of the radiation observed.
I first new about the Arecibo through the Battlefield 4 map
YESSSS as a puertorican I thought the world renowned telescope collapsed and will just be forgotten.
Just a matter of time before a giant sky scraper falls in Shanghai
Very well done!
Being Puertorrican I can say that the Arecibo Radio-telescope  was even more than an awesome science instrument, for most of us it was a part of our pride and even could say part of our identity. One of the things that strikes me even deeper is that as a kid never had the opportunity to visit and as I grew up move to the USA for years and when I returned to the island plan a lot of time to go with friends but didn't have the urgency because "it's always have being there, it always gonna be there" mentality
God Bless those engineers that stuck to their guns and closed it down, established safety zones, etc. They likely saved lives.
Who tf put c4 on the cables again??
IN short,  no maintenance was perform and entropy and nature took over.    They let it decay.
I see Practical Engineering and I click.
I remember searching up telescopes to receive my data back in 2017 for my senior project in Aerospace... and I found this. I was amazed at the size and potential for this... and I really needed a sizeable telescope to make my project more sane. It saved my project from looking incredibly unreasonable. It's so sad to see this fall apart, but it is nice to see a deeper analysis of what went wrong
I've watched like 20 of your videos... How was I not subscribed?!
Aw what, I was blissfully unaware of this collapse. Very sad, but at least I got a PE video out of it.
Love these videos. Really gives back a bit of faith in humanity  (engineering) in these times.
*Battlefield music intensifies*
WOW
Those engineers establishing the safe zones  and deciding repair wasn't possible definitely saved lives.
Everyone "crying" about the collapse should thank those people in charge of it's upkeep and maintenance (or lack thereof) for what happened to it. Also, nothing lasts forever, even when well kept, things simply wear to the point of failure or simply become outdated. It can easily be rebuilt to modern standards with the most advanced equipment, if anyone decides to do so, that is.
You, sir, are a true jack of all trades. I’ve come to expect mastery of all things civil from this channel, but the accuracy of your description of the theory behind the telescope’s radio-astronomy is on point.
You rightly point out that the remaining cables likely experienced a shock load in excess of their rated strength during the first and second cable failures as the dynamic loads equalized.
Aerospace doesn't use a safety of 1.5, not even close. 1.05-1.3, depending on predictability and consequences. 1.3 is typical for the well predicable parts of a car.
Breaks my holy heart to see this. But also very grateful for all the amazing science this awesome instrument was able to accomplish and do for mankind.
Full credit to those engineers and their assessment of those Safe Zones. Spot on work there, guys.
I didn't even know it existed. lmao
Battlefield 4
This video has more than 200 times more likes than dislikes. It's the highest ration I've ever seen on youtube.
Seeing this still hurts today. But like you said at the end. I hope they build something as impressive as the original was back in it's day.
well clearly players were destroying the cables to trigger the evolution.
for england james?, no for me
There's still a pre-collapse 3d "photo sphere" on google maps taken on an observation platform overlooking the dish. Really wish I could've seen this in person!
I've never heard of this telescope, but I'm sad to see it collapse like this. Such amazing engineering!
this is a great lesson to accompany university lectures.
Man, that video of it collapsing made me way sadder than I thought it would.
Just wanna say that this channel does intros correctly. none of the music blasting or random snippet from the main video, an actual introduction.
And yet, this never made headlines.
it was old and basically useless at this point,  so they stopped spending money on it and doing proper maintenance and repairs... there saved you 18 minutes go fold your laundry and clean out your fridge with that time
Pitiful.  If they could figure out how to catch radio signals from stars that are 100 million light-years away... they can figure out how to stop the thing from collapsing.
Battlefield 4 predicted this like 6 years ago
When battlefield 4 actually called this with the levelution in the game
it’s because they let it fall apart .. like everything else in puerto rico
ROUGE TRANSMISSION LEVOLUTION!
For england james? No alec. For me
Drone operator: "Uh... wasn't me"
Thank YOU for an especially great video. In many ways you already are one here on YouTube, but if you aren’t an educator IRL yet you should significantly consider becoming one. Thanks again.
My money is on previously unknown cost cutting when it was built originally
I don’t know how, but his video is the first I had heard about the telescope failing :( I’m so sad
Wow, just wow Grady! I have to say, this is for me the most interesting and anticipated Video in a long time. Im just about 6 Minutes in and have to say this video is packed with information. Realy interesting to see why the gregorian dome was formed just the way it was. I always wondered. I was deeply shocked when the Telescope finally collapsed, although it did not have a direct relation to me. But for sience altogether it was a sad day. Nevertheless I realy enjoy your videos and can't wait for the next one! :)
As I noted below a simular video, the collapse happened because some  clueless person /   committie    kept adding weight to the trolley car being suspended over the dish until the structure failed!!! Also, the  basic design  that had steel cables horizontal to the ground causing stress ten times the actual weight of the trolley car... A totally clueless  situation...
What’s more peaceful than detecting incoming nuclear missiles?
Thank you so much for the video. As a puertorican and an Electrical Engineer this was a great loss. I remember in College at Texas Tech one of my professors talking about the observatory, and him remembering that he worked there. I also made my parents take me on one of my trips home, I still have the pictures.
14:34 Looks too familiar... The 3 brief years '79---'82 that I'd spent constructing passenger elevators (all but the music)... the hoisting cable's 6'' ends as shown; would be bent back toward the center of the cable like clutched fingers making a fist. The manila rope was then cut off @ the center. Then the running end of the cable was held to the floor by both feet & and with a very firm upward jerk on the 2' shackle; the fist was secured within each perspective shackle cup. From there it the cup was poured in place with hot melted babbitt. This guaranteed the bent cable strands would never escape the shackle cup while under tension. There would normally be 4 hoisting cables even though the rate of one single cable could cover the hoisting rated live load. But the single cable would be too springy & stretchy for a smooth ride. Therefore the other 3 cables turned the stretch into more of an single band We constructors were hated by all trades @ the beginning of the job, due to often taking up so much ground floor territory with our 16' long - 8# per foot hoist way rails (a real chore for a man on each end to navigate from the 18 wheeler to the hoist-way area opening) as well as their many wall mounting brackets, elevator car sling, cab crates, & temporary hoisting machines to suck those rails up the shaft to be stacked, one 128 lb.16 footer on top of another.  But once we had a cab-less running sling platform to all floors... why hell! Suddenly we were the most cherished of all trades for moving their sheet rock loads, water/sanitary sewer pipe & fittings, electrical conduit/fittings, wire rolls, but only on the week ends. Otherwise it was hit the stairs just like we did in order to get that running platform. Although it paid the average wage between the electricians, ironworkers, & plumbers (Hydraulic 2-7 floor machinery) it was dangerous work with a high chance of something being pulled off every floor into the hoist-way where we'd be setting doors/sills/conduit.
It was an inside job
@9:45   2 1/2' is not even close to 1 m ...... this is how we crash $100+M orbiters into Mars..... is it time for America to join the rest of the world and 'science' by using SI or should we just stick with our colonial, British heritage?
Wait, what? The dish was made of aluminium plates on steel cables, suspended over the valley?! For some reason, I always though it was concrete, built directly on the valley floor!
Levolution. This is literally a battlefield map 😳
The drone footage is truly awesome, obviously they knew it was starting to collapse but the timing is incredible!
since anything privately funded is up for secrecy, it doesn't surprise me this body of the science community neglected this structure. they have no idea whats going on, or they do, and are hiding it..and either way, they're clearly incompetent to be part of anything called science. in fact, the perversion of most fields in science (gravity waves lol) has become astonishingly obvious. consensus and assumption have trumped observation and study. im ashamed to be human at this point. we've neglected our past for future of uncertainty, greed, & ignorance.  if you'd like to respond t my comment and expect a reply, you'll have to be respectful and explain why you think the way you do.. please, save us both the time, and don't just parrot the 6 o'clock news.
😭 The Humanity!
Someone tried using one of the cables to take out an enemy Jet
Your videos are amazing, and I know what I'm about to point out is nowhere near the point of this video, and that you're an engineer and not a physicist. But:  The EM spectrum at 1:14 is misleading. It appears to show changes in amplitude but not wavelength. Radio and IR are different because of wavelength (or frequency), not because of amplitude. The amplitude of light affects its intensity: if you increase the amplitude of visible light, you get brighter visible light -- not a new type of light.  A more accurate model would show all the waves with the same height (amplitude), but with the width (wavelength) starting out large on the left and getting tinier heading to the right.  Again, I know this is hardly relevant to the video's topic, but I teach middle school physical science, and hopefully someone will learn a lot from the video and benefit from this clarification. :)
While the loss of Arecibo was a tragedy, it was also a triumph of responsible engineering that no one was injured. I truly hope that it will get rebuilt.
Awesome educational video (as always)!  Before this, I only knew the facility from GoldenEye.
Great vid! Thank you!
Mechanical failure that’s what happened
That you're willing to conjecture about possible faults in this video, like issues in installation or choice of factor of safety, really reinforces how milquetoast the Texas power grid video was. Because there are fewer political implications you're willing to be more direct, which is bad engineering and a bad example to any future engineers watching these videos.
Battlefield Rogue Transmission memories intensify...
20 min video and never mention Golden Eye?!?!
I agree. It would be right and proper to replace the failed structure with something brand-new and cutting-edge in its technology. We need that telescope to spot near Earth objects.
I love how straightforward this information is, and that there's no spin or bias really. Thank you!
I love this series. You are very knowledgeable and have a soft and nice to hear narrating voice. thank you very much!
No more Little Green Men too.
it was and is a waste of time and money. If only half of the money spent on these ridiculous things was put toward solving actual problems, the world could and likely would be a better place. i imagine that there was probably an inspector that didn’t do their job like the one on the bridge with the gaping crack in one of the main beams. Just think if all the money pissed away on this and/or the seti observatory was put toward civil infrastructure projects and maintenance. Or refuse collection in rural areas like where i live. It’s darn near impossible to find somewhere to get rid of things like old used fluorescent bulbs. So i’m stuck stacking them up in a barn to keep them from getting broken until i can find some way to dispose of them. Meanwhile people are dumping billions into listening to the sky in hopes of finding some benevolent aliens.
Fun to watch. If I was terminal I would like to go out with a bang. Now there is free space for something new a better.
This was a devastating video to watch. I had no idea that the Aricebo telescope had failed!  It was just one gut punch after another!!
Steel and concrete are cheap. If it don't fly, the safety fudge factor should be between e^2 and π^2.
Thank you for this!
I don't think you understand the function of the Tie Down cables. The receiver has to be at the correct distance from the dish to be in focus, but temperature changes during the day cause the primary support cables to sag, so the tie down cables would actively adjust and  reduce tension when things got hot to keep the receiver at the correct distance.
I've blown this thing up quite a few times in Battlefield 3
So new telescope incoming i hope, new tech for new space era.
I think the first time I heard of Arecibo was in a sci fi novel (can't remember which, it was many years ago) but thought it was so awesome to see that this amazing structure was real. Definitely hope they continue it's legacy!
I wish we could see more of the how the investigation of the cables goes down. I want to see first-hand why it takes so long and how in depth the process is, I bet it's really interesting.
Alright, who played battlefield 4 in real life😂🤷🏻‍♂️
I saw this Arcebo in PS3 Battlefield 4 game, now i see it is the real structure 👍🏼
I had never seen that drone footage until now. That must've been terrifying to see in person. Glad no one was hurt.
Practical Engineering is quickly becoming Disastrous Engineering.
I never heard about this in any news, how sad :(
America does to P.R. what the English did to blacks.  Treat us like a slave colony. They don't need us as a state. Common wealth my arse. We are independent, but Americans won't let us.
its amazing how you can go in details and find the problems that caused the disaster  .............. can you use your power on humans too ??
Grady, even among other amazing pop science creators, you stand out, with your style, didactics, and storytelling. Please never stop.
Raise your hand if you destroyed this telescope in Battlefield 4.
The first time I heard about this telescope was after watching the Bond movie where it was featured, unfortunately at the moment I can't remember which movie it was. Grady you do such a wonderful job
GG Makarov
Hey Grady, I believe you've heard this before a thousand times, but the intro music used in your videos are quite pleasant to hear. And of course thanks for these amazing videos.
Arecibo, was one that got me into observatorys.
The success of the design principles mentioned here starting at 3:40 influenced the design of the telescope where I work. The HET at McDonald Observatory does with light and a spherical mirror what the Arecibo telescope did with radio waves and a spherical dish. The collecting apparatus at the top of our telescope (a set of correcting lenses in our case) also moves across our mirror, to provide the movement in elevation that the mirror doesn't have, and precise tracking in azimuth as well. The Arecibo telescope was clearly foundational for the development of our machine, and is mentioned in the papers that discuss the project as it was being originally conceived.
I thought this was just a battlefield 4 map
16:00 but an airplane can or even has to sustain multiple G forces, so a safety-factor of only 1.5 doesn't make much sense there? I am confused
We already know the cause of the failure. Neglect from long term and systematic under funding.
This is by far the best explanation of the Arecibo collapse. Fantastic video!
Why they couldn't use some huge crane to insure workers or to disassemble the platform? There are such big cranes that can lift such mass.
So sad to see it go...    I really hope they are planning to rebuild with a bigger and better telescope to replace it with.  That was a very important piece of technology to all of humanity!
Why is it so difficult to watch the damage to this instrument?  So sad.  I hope it's restored or even improved significantly.
What happened to the “can do” attitudes that prevailed at the time we built it? If we can build it, we can fix it. Or, are they trying to tell us this antenna was a boondoggle not worth the money we had already spent?
Not a single mention of Goldeneye in this whole video? Disappointing...
Hey. thanks. I didn't know that much about Aricebo, or why it failed.
Sometimes I shoot the people who snipe on top of the telescope with a tank.
YESSSSSS been waiting for this!
great content and very interestingly presented…
I wonder, could they build a copy in the Sedan crater at the Nevada test site?  Surely the dry climate would be ideal for a radio telescope! (And prevent corrosion of the cables.) It's also in the middle of nowhere, so there should be very little radio interference.
Such a sad end to such an icon.
You are great. This is what I think.
These engineering failure videos are absolutely fascinating, I am loving this series
26 years. 26 years when I found out that the satellite level in Goldeneye was the Arecibo dish
P.E just gave me one more reason not to gett outta bed n ready for work lmfaooo 😅🤣
Oh 🧐 Puerto Rico huh?? 😩☹️🙄 Yeah we believe all that reasoning.
comment for the almighty algorithm !!
Better to vastly overbuild a structure than anything else.
Lots of new information here. Thanks!
Located in the oldest colony that has NO autonomy and sayings on its future. Correct your self, bro…
We can rebuild it... we have the technology...
I have never heard of this telescope
Aliens got tired of hearing it and sent a shock wave to knock it off
Mad seeing this this in battlefield 4, then years later it happens in real life
I can't think of any reason why 10 people disliked this video.
The university was like "We will take over care of the site to help the science and legend live on because we can and not many groups can..." *Buys telescope* University: uh oh *telescope violently disassembles*  :( rip to the university. They tried but worked on fixing an almost inevitable issue. They really got screwed
Can you please add links to the source material in the video description? The catenary analysis of the cable forces looks amazing and I'd like to read more details.
Science Icons like the Shuttles, Arecibo are gone. And HST is also not that well but made a serendipitous recovery last week. Space Science is loosing it´s coolness. Ok, we saw a black hole in 2019 (sort of ;-) ) but the EHT is nothing you can grasp as a normal observer. Come on JWT wee need you :-)
I live here
will it be rebuild ? or are there already better sollutions and we do not need it? to me it seems like useful "tool" :)
For England, James? No. For Me
Levolution…
Great vid, very informative and well explained. Thank you :)
What a good BF4 map eh?
There could be a much longer video  about really really caused the  deterioration and destruction  of the telescope at Arecibo.
It was felt in BF4 too
It main purpose was as a MILITARY surveillance tool. Thanks to new technologies and different “war/terrorist” tactics it got outdated, replaced and purpose to “hear” the stars….  NOBODY lets to waste a USEFUL tool…
Arecibo was also very useful for figuring out which asteroids might crash into earth. Lets hope that something is built to replace that function of Arecibo.
All of the research and technology development will be in China soon. The west keeps losing them, China keeps building them. Such a shame the governments invest in short-term projects or virtue signaling instead of using tax-payer money properly.
14:37
Sad to watch such a iconic telescope going down , I wish we can rebuild it
The video dances around the subject, but it's pretty clear what happened. "What happened to the telescope?" It's just yet another victim of government spending cuts and privatization.  Tax the rich.
I'm really annoyed with myself that I went to Puerto Rico on two occasions and didn't take the opportunity to visit the telescope before it failed.
Amazing shots from the drone, failure caught as it happend. If you don't engineer a project correctly it will eventually fail. I wondered what had caused the collapse. Jodrell Bank telescope in the UK was in a state, needing repair, luckly monney was found and it's still working. Hope that as you said it can be replaced with the latest construction and technical equipment. Thanks for another sad but good technical description of the failure and video.
The music always hit.
It was astonishing to see this collapse on video. Thanks for going over it for us!
they're not gonna repair it, are they?
I'm surprised you didn't make mention of "Contact," Arecibo was practically the star of the movie.
Yes! I wanted you to do a analysis of this ever since Scott Manley did his own video on it.
We should rebuild it in the same spot, but bigger, and more goodererer!  That drone footage is amazing. Wow.
What i found soooo crazy and wild while watching this video. There is a first person shooting game called battlefield 4 for the ps4. And on one of the maps called rogue transmission. This very telescope is in the map and plays a big part in the dynamic of the gameplay. You can actually make it collapse if you destroy each of the support cables in the concrete blocks on the ground. So as i was watching the telescope fall in the video. It gave me chills, because it sort of collapse the same way in battlefield 4.
The investigation reveled the real cause:  J-Lo's rear end.   The night prior to the collapse, infrared camera's showed J-Lo sitting each of the three towers,  flying to each on a huge magic mascara wand
9 dislikes must be from aliens
Has there been any findings on the possibility of the added weight of the dome causing a failure?
Great video. I really enjoy listening to you talking about engineering.
Having lived in Puerto Rico, and having been to this observatory several times with my infant daughter when I was there, I really felt sad when I leaned this happened. Truly a sad tragedy.
That was a painful day.   That and when Opportunity went dark hurt... =/
they should have built 6 towers instead of 3, then the loss of one wouldn't have had such severe consequences.
Futuristic and foward thinking indeed...
The different opening bgm caught me offguard
Another informative video. Keep up the great work :)
Kind of sad... They'll probably spend more money on investigating the collapse than they did on R&D when Aricebo was operational.
Bezos is reentering earth as I watch this.
Cause of failure? We want a new one and the loss of this one justifies us getting a new one. No, but really.... Build a new one.... We need it.
I like these kinds of videos. Unfortunately, its related to the destruction of a structure.
Is there any information on how old the failed cables were?  Were they original to the construction?
Having Florida take over Aricebo’s funding just means the next radio telescope will be underwater
Re-purpose a military installation, increase the loads by adding instruments, modify the design by adding more cables and weight, allow several decades to pass without overhaul in a tropical and corrosive enviroment... act surprised when it fails. (insert pikachu face)
Well done! Thanks
Hey Grady! I wonder if you have heard about the collapse of the Warsaw Radio Mast? Before Burj Khalifa, it was the tallest man-made structure, 646.38m high. I'm curious if you have an interesting engineering insight into how it was designed and how it collapsed? (Yes, I'm suggesting it could make a very interesting video!)
I can't believe I'm allowed to watch this for free, these videos are amazing thank you so much
I was just thinking about your comment at the end of the video saying if they can replace it. Honestly thinking about it, all the infrastructure is there, which for these kinds of projects is one of the most challenging things. So whether it be another telescope or some other science instrument, I think the site already had a major head start. It'll probably be a decade or two if something new goes up, but I think it's definitely possible.
That drone footage is pretty awesome
Battlefield 4
Great Video!  I think another aspect might be the general way buildings and structures were designed back in the day.   Whereas devices of that area typically were designed a lot more service friendly than devices today (which sometimes can't even be repaired by the manufacturer), the maintenance and accessibility of structures and buildings today is much improved and an integral part of the design process, whereas these aspects were more of an afterthought back in the day.   Getting that dish up there - mission accomplished. Contingency plans for maintenance, storms, getting that thing down again, safely replaceing those cables...not part of the spec book. "Well, we'll figure it out as we go" was more like it back in the day I guess, where everyone seemed a bit drunk by all the things they suddenly were able to achieve and people were feeling somewhat invincible with all that new tech. At least that's my impression when I enter older structures on jobs. Let's build a giant hall with a huge stage, yeah! Done! What? There is equipment that needs to get onto that stage? Whoopsiedoodles. Well....let's see, if we bastardize the orchestra pit and bang a hole into the wall down there, we can fabricobble some sort of load in access and drive that stuff to stage level via the hydraulic floor! Sure, the door is tiny because there wasn't planned anything but a manhole there and structural integrity is compromised by anthing wider than 90cm, and yes, the hydraulic floor will break two times a year, and yes, all this goes t*ts up if anything is set up in the pit, but there is always something and look at it, we made it happen wa?!? :D Unthinkable these days, but totally within the norm in concert halls of the 70s era.
What caused the failure was the overarching decay of western society and its deference of political and cultural power to its enemies.
good job covering the topic in a detailed way
This reminds me of the movie “Falling Down.” The cables were Michael Douglas and they got tired of the stress and pressure on a daily basis.
i guess one might argue a collapse isnt practical engineering:P but hey, awesome upload as usual!
Today is the anniversary of the moon landing, July 20, 1969. Where were you  on that day? I remember reading about Arecibo in the school Weekly Reader in grammar school when it was built.
I wonder if the addition of the Gregorian dome was not adequately compensated for by the additional structural elements at the time of the upgrade.  In other words, would the original design have failed if the Gregorian dome had never been added?
I think a combination of metal fatigue, corrosion and possible mistakes during construction could be the cause. Especially metal fatigue, because of the shifting centre of weight of the platform and vibrations cause by the wind.
Could the low safety margins be due to it being a military installation when it was built? Meaning, maybe it was meant to only last for a certain time?
Honestly this upset me more than the fire at Notre Dame. At least that building is mostly fine. Arecibo won't be the same again.
Credit to the engineering firm who clearly stated that there was no safe way for crews to work with the failing structure! The physical structure may be lost but results and data provided by the telescope will never collapse or corrode. And, now I'm interested to learn about China's new 500 meter telescope and what scientist can do with it.
It would be interesting to know what the militaries design expectation was for it.  Did they plan for it to last only 10 years, or 20, or 30
That background window be bright yo.
Wow, I knew this but never knew about that focusing. Nice.
This was so cool to watch. i didnt know much about the cabling process and how it was attached. i only knew of the total failure of the site.
Me remembering James Bond Goldeneye when mentioning the Arecibo Telescope.
People built it once, people can build it again.
It’s just got “levolution” Simple like that.
They already wanted to pull out of the area. This just made it easier to do
I visited the Radio Telescope many times, it never ceased to impress me. Sure it will be missed.
Its a metaphor for the technological decline of America.
Wow!
Do a video on Surfside
Such a sad day.
everyone who plays bf4 knows how to bring down those things :D
Your failing structures series is very entertaining and educational. Thank you very much
The spelter sockets look like they exploded, maybe a metallurgy issue...
Thanks for this breakdown! I learned a lot and I appreciate the effort you went through!
Sadly, icons often have the fate of outliving their usefulness.
So sad. Surely they can build a better one these days.
Sad to watch, now it looks like Battlefields "Rogue Transmission" after a round of conquest.
BF4 is what happened
We live in the ruins of a better age
Could you do one crash barriers or something
Yes and now they can start again and rebuild it. YAY!
It was neglected, plain and simple. Look at the early years and the lack of maintenance and overgrowth. Never cleaned, never washed, never repainted. What did you expect.
can you do a video on deep tunnel sewerage systems (specifically the Tunnel and Reservoir Plan in Chicago)?
It's simple, someone destroyed the cables holding it up, by either shooting at it or blowing up with explosives.
A valuable companion to this video is the ones by Scott Manley stepping through the video evidence.  Such a shame, the cost of funding the "new hotness" to the exclusion of the "old but not busted". Hopefully the world gets an Arecibo 2 that Puerto Rico and humanity at large can be truly proud of.
Dang, that was my favorite level in Goldeneye.
I wish that closer to the collapse someone had mentioned that the towers were named for their position on a clock. I'd never heard the naming until now, so it always seemed odd to hear 'tower 4'
The engineers who established the safe zones, and recommended the structure be demolished so that they wouldn't risk lives on futile attempts to save it, should be honored. They very likely saved numerous lives with their assessment and education.
I'm not sure if this is totally a question in your wheel house but I've always heard "salty sea air" and occasionally its used in a context like you used. Is sea air actually more harmful to structures than other air?
Rust, low maintenance.
I went there in Battle field 4
Hi Grady- may I ask for a video on the current situation of renewable electricity? given the incoming electric vehicle infrastructure, the push to go green, and the pollution associated with green infrastructure production, I'd love to hear your thoughts on this (namely because you are a far better researcher than I- do you have a patreon? I'd pay for your content, you're a wonderful teacher)
Only TIME knows what is there in the womb of future. 🙏🏻
May have knocked it down a couple times in bf4
I still get sad watching Arecibo come crashing down.
RIP
My wife and I met in college as physics majors sharing an interest in astronomy - I still remember the day it failed and we watched the videos together…
Time to hit the computer and rebuild the structure.  To achieve a telescope that will last 100 years.
Hey its the battlefield map
Grady, this is such a wonderfully enjoyable and useful channel! Even for those of us not in the field! You are an excellent explainer and teacher! I wonder if you've ever considered doing a series for younger people to get them interested in engineering. just a thought 😁
🚧 When was the first time you heard of Arecibo? 👷 Check out my coverage of other engineering events: https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLTZM4MrZKfW_kLNg2HZxzCBEF-2AuR_vP
third world 'engineers'
great video Grady!
Thank you for this Grady, i wasn't looking for this but this was necessary in my feed
Safety factor of 11, awesome
*insert goldeneye joke here*
Thank you for great video with so much infomation! I hope they will build new structure here to carry the legacy as Arecibo telescope was a lot more than just piece of equipment. It inspired a lot of people :) So cross the fingers that one era ends and another will begin and legacy will continue
I've never opened a video this fast before. I don't even remember doing it. My finger just mashed it before my brain registered what it was.
Cool please make more vids like this. Real life examples are awesome.
rust
Another great one! The Arecibo facility always seemed to be highly misunderstood. Curious if you're considering a video about the Surfside condo collapse, as it seems like a particularly interesting study and there appear to be all sorts of details and red flags surfacing? There are few out there I trust when it comes to such postmortem engineering analyses, and you are at the top of the short list!
All I can think of is Jim Carey in The Cable Guy
Well thought out and executed video as usual! Or should I say well-engineered?
Thank you for a great video as always :)
think you could cover the floodings in germany netherland and belgium ?  how so many dams broke and so many lives were lost
Eventhough this happened more than half a year ago, seeing the collapse ocne more made me cry again.
2:08 "as a DOD project" explains quite adequately why the FOS is only 2, when other civil structures have higher FOS, and why the cables and anchors appear to have problems.
it crashed only this time Sean Bean didn't die
Aliens want their privacy... 👽
They should just cover the cables with plastic
Looks like that one battlefield map
Жаль проект 😒может отремонтируют   и новый проект этот возрадят.
):
For England James?
I didn't know about this. Heartbreaking.
Losing Arecibo was so sad.. I really hope there is a replacement. Very few things stand as such as testament to humanity as it did.
There wasn't any poop involved in this video but it was still pretty good
It's surprising how low the safety factor was for those cables... Most lifting equipment in industry is usually 4:1 or 6:1 safety factor...
I look at the structure and it's amazing, but agree that repairability would have always been a huge question.
Thank you for this wonderful research job. Very informative.
Perfect timing for lunchtime CPD
I can still remember how hurt i was when i saw this footage first... still kinda hurts to see it again, anyway a good and interesting video
I've met Joe Taylor K1JT who got his nobel prize for research done using arecibo.   I can't even imagine the anger and sadness he must feel about what happened to the telescope.
Golden eye. Jb007
Why spend time searching for extra terrestrial intelligence? Shouldn't we first find terrestrial intelligence?
Damn I didn’t know you could run bf4 with such high graphics
Funding? For doing silly things like figuring out how things work? Sorry, need that cash for super duper pewpew boombooms.
This is a reminder that not everything will last long. Especially on structures like these that are continously 24/7 suspended with tension without straight foundation.
BF4 levelution happened, that's what happened
Now gazebo is so lonely, nothing left to rhyme with itself.
I was hoping you covered this. Love your videos, especially long ones like this. Time to get some popcorn.
it levelution'd itself
battlefield vibes lol
Before it collapsed due to the poor maintenance and rust, interest in the Arecibo radar by the scientists declined in the late 80's and was used mostly for a James Bond movie and the X-Files series, just to name a few.
Levolution happened
I'm so glad you made a video on this. I was so upset when I saw it on the news. Thank you.
In the late 2000s I was running SETI@Home, processing data from this telescope. I thought it was the coolest thing as a kid. Sad that this happened. Edit: I found in my e-mails that I joined 15 October 2006!
Brady, could you do one of these on the Kelowna crane collapse?
YAY, always love these videos!
I didn’t know about this telescope till now
Terrific analysis! RIP Arecibo telescope 😞
Thought this was AvE for a second
Yea
When I heard that it collapsed, I cried, I wanted to get to see it before it was decommissioned and destroyed. This hurts.
Rick Rieck already made a video about that
Finally explained
is this telescope looks like a telescope in movie called "contact" or somewhat :/
I don't even know it exists until just now.
The video of the collapse was heartbreaking..
What really happened is James Bond dropped the centre section on Alec Trevelyan
Thanks Grady
Reminds me from Battlefield 4
Been waiting for this one
1st
