Anyone know the song that plays at 14:28 ?
6/10 for The Book of Boba Fett??? His brain must have been really fried from exhaustion. 😮
star wars, colon;oscopy
14:12 HOW DARE YOU
What the f.... just happened??
Wonder how he would feel now with the synthesized voices in current summer 2025 AI generation seeing as it’s nearly indistinguishable from regular audio lmao
I remember bootlegging this video on some chinese website for the past couple years this has been down
yeeee it's back!
real ones remember when this video was down
Din gave us old Boba Fett, what do you do with old Boba Fett?
finally its back up.
Damn I been waiting for this to be put back up
FInally the video is back Comment nr. 3000
This video just keeps coming and going
oh shit this video's back up; wonder what caused it to go down
No way this video is back.
One could say this video was          Born again.
Bro I’ve been meaning to rewatch this thank you marcus its back up
thank god its back up
FINALLY, I found this video.
Does anyone know the song playing during the haweye part of the video
I rewatched Hawkeye recently and ngl I had alot of fun with it. I remember not caring at all back in 2021 but after taking a long ass break from marvel I found it to be pretty great
Nice to hear ost from tales of symphonia, the game that got me into JRPGs
Yo wasn't this like taken down, I swear it disappeared for a while
can someone tell me the background music going on in the hawkeye section?
As someone who just binged Smiling Friends, I’m glad to hear you liked it. Plus season 2, so far, is pretty good.
i used to hate cosmonaut but hes playing wild arms music in this video so hes cool i guess
i srsly thought he was calling oneyplays an animation youtuber for a second
Hold up. So you're telling me a movie about an adult dating a 10 year younger minor has received Oscar nominations? Hollywood never changes
You.... liked licorice pizza? Yea I'm out. It was fun being subscribed to you while it lasted. In case yall didn't know it's about a 15 year old falling in love with a 25 year old woman. They get together at the end of the relationship. The way Marcus talks about it is like it's a regular ass thing. 😒
I'm a grown man now ... ehhhh idk
I really don't understand why it had to be Luke who wants to train Grogu... i mean there are other Jedi who survived the order 66 and the empire. So i really wouldn't have cared if it was just some random new invented other Jedi who tracked down Grogu. That way they could have used a real actor instead of the uncanny Luke puppet and for once it wouldn't have been a fu**ing skywalker related jedi, like every damn time
I am so glad Disney hasn't gotten the idea to produce a Ventress show yet. I just want someone to feel complete.
Boba as a little brat in Clone Wars is so much more interesting.
Smiling Friends is great and all, but I just wish Yellow dude would blow his fucking nose.
Marcus you lookin like a snack my boy😤😤😤
YO. My "standard Netflix cartoon" is Bojack Horseman. My favorite show ever, so don't go lumping another gem like Arcane in with something lesser
I rewatched Hawkeye about a year after the release, Christmas time, plus I loved it the first time around, and so I revisited your review. You said you liked it you said you didn’t hate it you said it was WAYYY higher than F/WS  You gave them both 5/10
dude. Kate Bishop is Hawkeye, which is the title. and this show started the street level saga of the MCU. idk, the show is almost perfect for me.
I wondered about Luke's voice in Boba Fett, felt unnatural and just kind of off. After seeing Kenobi it seems like they're going more in that direction.The facial recreations have gotten much better, but the vocal synthesis has a long way to go.
Oh thats why i feel the same pain in your eyes.   youre also a league player
whats the song during the part where he talks about hawkeye?
I see it as "Hawkeye" being a mantle that is passed on from Clint to Kate, so it wouldn't really make sense to called it "Kate Bishop & Hawkeye", because they are both Hawkeyes!
I think that the reason it is called Hawkeye is because it is an origin story. At the end of the show, Kate is pitching superhero names to Clint, and the last line is Clint saying "Actually I have an idea for one" or something like that. The name he will suggest is probably Hawkeye - passing the torch.
Oooo I forgot how much of a strange soothing vibe the neir automata music hits
Kate Bishop IS Hawkeye though... people only call her Kate Bishop in the books to differentiate her from Clint.  Just like how Miles Morales IS Spider-Man, but is only called Miles when Pete is on panel.
I just realized that the more time he spends on a show/movie the crapper it is
fun fact: a lot of the scenes with grogu in the star wars series are CGI grogus. but they have a real puppet and animated the CGI grogu like a puppet and people don't detect it because it moves as a puppet is expected to move. Very weird example of the use of CGI to mimic a real, tangible thing and it actually panning-out
I watched the first three mcu shows completely. I thought all of them were….  okay. Even Loki. Hawkeye lost my interest by the fifth episode. Moon knight lost me at three, and ms marvel lost me at two. The only one I’m keeping track of is she hulk. Even then, I’m watching episodes of that weeks apart. I’m just sick of the mcu. I hated love and thunder and thought most of the shows just sucked. I’m not even watching the next few avengers movies. There’s too much and all of it is shit. Im taking a break from the mcu for a while, and that’s sad.
Marcus is right about arcane, you don’t need to enjoy League of legends to watch the show, I’ve never played the game but watched the show, and to tell you something episode 3 of the show is probably the greatest thing I’ve ever watched on Netflix in a while.
At this point i don’t think of Arcane as a League show. I see it as the “questionable mental state profile pic” judging by how many people who seem unhinged worship the show even though they never seen it
I’m late but are we not gonna talk about how this man said Hawkeye should be called the “Kate bishop show” when she is gonna be the new Hawkeye😂🤦🏾‍♂️
6:10 it is important to note that the peaks would definitely not be peaks if it wasnt for the talking. The reason why the peaks are peaks is because of the established stories, the characters, the interactions and the relationships, not because wow it looks and sound good
Arcane was such a good show that I decided to try out LoL for the first time ever. I haven't played moba games at all in my 24 years, because I am an FPS guy. And you know what I don't know if I thankful or not for Arcane that I actually enjoy playing League I hate this game but I keep playing that shit.. oh the misery
How the hell are you a background character in your own television series? 😅
the hawkeye show is named after kate she is hawkeye
Isn't the arcane art style the same as spiderverse aswell. Or at least very very similar
Marcus playing League of Legends is the biggest plot twist ever.
I really don’t like licorice pizza because of the age difference (15 and 25). I couldn’t get passed it. If you flip the gender, people wouldn’t really be praising it.
You can’t slip that nier automata background music past me
What is the name of the background music during the Hawkeye section?
Respect to the evil dead poster
I was so disappointed that they didn’t just make kingping a giant man with a tiny head like in spiderverse. I get that it’s supposed to be realistic and he’s actually a real person but… _come on._ that’s a missed opportunity
Every single song in Arcane is an original track composed by Riot for the show. They did hire well known musicians such as Sting to sing them.
25:56 Is that Graveyard Keeper music I hear?! Marcus, a man of culture!
I like that evil dead poster
Man the soundtrack of the first part of the video really takes me back. Tales of symphonia is awsome
bruh sus yeah
Hello Marcus, I have to say that I agree on the whole Star Wars Fatigue. Sadly By they time I am in the last hour of my death bed that is when Disney will make a Live Action Old Republic Movie and that really fucken sucks my nigga. I can't believe I have to say this/ type this comment with a straight face but I cannot believe a Place and Setting of a fictional story is considered the most overused fucken plot device. Tatooine is absolutely boring and dreadful can we please see the other 100 or more planets that are actually aesthetically appealing because seeing the same area in that galaxy is getting butt-fucken old!!!
Luke in Boba Fett sounds like Norman Bates in Psycho.
Hearing the bunker music from nier automata really messed with my head there   Kept looking through my open tabs and verifying that it wasn't playing or that I had the game open
Reaaally have to heavily disagree on the music not fitting the scenes in Arcane. But then again, considering your opinion is "no licensed music should ever be used except in very special circumstances" or something that you had in another video, I am not surprised you have this opinion.  The music selection in the show is absolute perfection. You just gotta pull that stick out your ass when it comes to "pulling me out of the experience" Music enhances a scene, whether that is a pop song or instrumental, as long as it fits. Vocals are just as much an instrument as a violin. Really tired of this bs that pop songs shouldn't be used when there are so many examples of them being used perfectly in movies and TV shows.
Copied from nakeyjakey
Finally someone with the same opinion on book of boba fett... It literally could be called "Star Wars Stories: Tatooine" boom 60% of problems instantly go away.
For any more Luke Skywalker scenes just get Matthew Mercer to voice him again, he did a great job in Battlefront 2
Thanks.
Mando is a bounty hunter. Boba Fett is just a humble man making his way through the galaxy.
Arcane’s art style felt less like League of Legends and more like Dishonored
Kate bishops super hero name is hawkeye dawg
My opinion, Bobf and Mando, ashoka if it's the same timeline. Should be one big series, and called it. Star wars : the outer rim....
Licorice pizza is a movie that was created to push the pedophile agenda. It's disgusting that anyone is okay with a 15 year old child starting a relationship with a 25 year old
Licorice Pizza is really well acted, but woefully uninteresting.
If Star Wars would just leave the nostalgia bait out with luke and Leila types it honestly would fix a lot of the problems
Why wouldn't they just cast a new Luke, kind of like they casted a young Obi-Wan with Ewan McGregor? It'd take a minute to get used to and then you'd just accept that Luke looks different now.
Rydia's song!!! love it
And I really came to appreciate Hawkeye and he became one of my favorite character
Arcane is in its own league in terns of story telling and visual design. Absolutely beautiful show that you can rewatch over and over again because there is always some little detail that you missed the first time around
At 24:09 I found out I missed an episode, thanks Marcus
Does anybody know what the song is for the video???
Coming back after synthesizer darth Vader
Of course you play league of legends, you're a playable character in it, and you're even in the show!
book of boba fett is shit when it comes to almost everything about boba and there's also key stuff for mando season 3 so whoever didn't watch this show won't have any fricking idea what's going on
It's actually pretty funny how they could have made the Book of Boba Fett good. Make Boba and Bane the two main leads of the show, and show us the cancelled Clone Wars Arc where Bane was supposed to be mentoring Boba, and to make him more of a threat, show him and Fennec during the Bad Batch going at the same bounties and trying to kill each other, and show us how Boba's gone soft and Bane is as sharp as ever. Plus make the Pykes more of a threat, cut out the Mando episodes follow the series going in chronological order of the stuff we see on screen instead of flashbacks, and just give have less boring stuff and add more new characters than the weird new cyber kids we got, not let Robert Rodriguez, and I mean this with absolutely no disrespect to him, direct half the show, and retroactively abort every element of the current plot and make a new show, then it could be something special.
I cannot express enough how much respect I have for the courage you displayed in coming out as a league of legends player. And though I may not understand or agree with your lifestyle, I will begrudgingly respect it.
I’m still surprised they haven’t casted Sebastian Stan or that guy who played Ikoris in Eternals (Eternals wasn’t good but the actor who played Ikaris isn’t horrible and slightly looks like Luke)
You do know that Kate bishop is called Hawkeye, right?
imagine a show based on legends abeloth with a creepy synthesized voice, animated by the people who do old republic trailers
i love how people put timestamp comments on a timestamped video
What I wanted to see was Boba Fett learning to not be a dick. He leaves episode 6 as a bad guy, but he starts the story saving tusken lives even though they beat him and kept him as a slave.
What the hell is it with Disney and using CGI to make weird copies of their former actors.
Wtf, you played League
Someone please tell me the soundtrack Marcus used when explaining the boba fett film
24:57 Man I loved Kenobi but I felt like the Ben Kenobi cameo was a little unnecessary
Boba Fett was awful except the bits with Luke and i felt the exact same about Hawkeye except i came out liking it a bit more, i just like Hawkeye and wanted more of him!
am i allowed to say marcus is very attractive 🤠
I’m surprised they didn’t deep fake luke onto a child for Kenobi
I feel like Hawkeye was titled that since Kate Bishop becomes Hawkeye, if you’ve watched all the episodes.
I harshly disagree with Hawkeye its very good boarder line great its very intriguing  and is probably my favorite mcu show thus far I'd give it a 8.5/10 bc its a little too short of a show
What's the background song around 11:30?
Luke look perfectly fine.
10:50
I want Daredevil back
I think you should do the amazing world of gumball next.
Sebastian Stan
20:55 Wrong, you people would still be bitching if it was some other guy
I skipped the Smiling Friends segment the first time watching this vid to avoid spoilers. So glad I did, the guest voice actor for the first episode caught me so off guard.
I was also disappointed with Hawkeye as someone who was excited because I enjoyed that same run of comics all the logo and promo art alluded to. Kate is also Hawkeye there, which is why the title would work - except here they DIDN'T call her Hawkeye in the Disney+ show so it did make less sense. That's one of the things I like about Hawkeye is that both Clint and Kate are Hawkeye at the same time. No distinction, they're just BOTH Hawkeye. But not in this series, which really fell kinda flat. Just sloppy writing that references to something better aren't gonna fix.
I think the point of calling it hawk eye is that Kate takes over as the new hawk eye at the end of the movie.
I watched arcane because of this video, I loved it 10/10. Thanks Marcus
19:27–Didn’t they kind of already do that in _Rogue One_ with deep-fake Tarkin?  Might be an argument for that four-armed cyborg in that one movie that I barely remember, ‘cause I haven’t bothered with _Star Wars_ since _Last Jedi…_
I really like 6:28
Fun fact: baby Yoda is actually fully cgi, but they animated him to look like a puppet because puppets are more tangible than "real" aliens.
kate bishop is literally hawkeye tho
did they use a fake voice on the finale of season 2? or is boba the only one? because it’s more obvious in that scene. They could get away with the voice of luke from battlefront and it would be less creepy
The NakeyJakey vibes are strong with this video, excellent stuff. I love the framing of you just lying in bed and talking about stuff
how they RUINED wilson fisk...
it's mark hamill if mark hamill was being held at gun point and high while making a plea message to the authorities.....
Why we didn't get flashbacks to Boba during OT or Prequel eras to juxtapose his found family on Tatooine against the brutal and lonely life of a hunter is beyond me.
Succession S1 getting depressing is exactly why I also took a break cause maaaaaaan
I like the evil dead poster in the background
This guy watches Nakey Jakey
you should know, about licorice pizza, as someone who didn't know any of the cameo actors, that didnt happen to me lol
Boba Fett is not even a character
I just took Luke weird as tone as him becoming full Jedi fuddy duddy. I mean Ashoka didn’t talk like she doesn’t in Mandalorian back in the Clones Wars
I love licorice pizza
All the ost in arcane are perfect And imho not a single one of em is misfit for the scenes theyre in
The music was perfect
I didn’t know he was black
i think kate bishop, is a lot like peter parker, in the sense that they both are young people, trying to find their way in the world, and they’re fun and witty.   they like to see the best in people, and have an undeniable good nature, but they’re opposite in terms of background. would be awesome to see them together on screen sometime.
Going to sleep is a deep part of the Marcus lore
Solo was great though. So underrated.
peacemaker is really funny thats it and i love vigilante
I’m curious how much of what we perceive is what we expect and know rather than what is. I find that much of Star Wars criticism comes from expectations. I think what people like are good stories not necessarily real things. I actually like less of real and grounded stuff so each to their own. Right now, I’m enjoying everything they have created so far, and haven’t heard the assessment that would sway my opinion. I also think, but this is just my opinion, it is called the ‘book’ so the implication I think always was that it would be subdued, but also, we can also think of it as him narrating from a perspective where he is an observer rather than an active player. The bit I wasn’t very keen on was the Vespa gang, that was just random, the only unnecessary bit in my opinion.
Bad Batch?????
Hawkeye was even a side character in his own show
i wouldve been fine if the show was advertised as a kate bishop show IF we already knew who clint was as a character because until now all i can say about clint is he's grumpy, he's an archer, and he has a family. idek anything about the guy other than that
I love that you can do this from the comfort of your own bed 🛌  Probably editing later from your own bed too Love it… But… I feel like I’m making in bed WITH you… Pillow talking… And iono how I feel about that Lmaooo
Did i really hear right…a LOL movie working🥴👌
I literally stopped watching Hawkeye halfway through the last episode. That's how much I was unengaged
It’s about Hawkeye cause it shows his life and how being an avenger effects him. He wants to retire but also wants to be a good person for Kate. Kate just shows up and basically takes his bad name. That gives a valid reason for Clint to actually show up and help her/ teach her. Kate is used to be the next up in the Hawkeye name. Hawkeye wants to mentor her during it and once the job they do is done he will finally be free from being an avenger. I mean heck they even talk about names for Kate at the end and I think they even settled on Hawkeye too. That’s why I think the Christmas Day at Clint’s house is perfect because it makes you feel like Clint finally got what he wanted. Time with his family. He feels he can get a replacement now and he finally seems happy and less stressed. So yes it’s about Kate bishop a lot but you can equally say about Clint as well
But doesn't kate bishop also go buy hawkeye in the comics? It made sense for me, that they share a title in the comics and  now the MCU.
I hate that we have to use cgi for flashback characters now,we could suspend our disbelief and see a  actor that isn’t  100% identical to the original actor
Tbh they could've gotten an actor that looked more like han than for solo.
Boba Fett was pretty underwhelming to me. Not necessarily bad, but I just don't  find Boba Fett's storyline or character compelling. Unlike Yhe Mandalorian, which had me eager for more at the end of each episode, or even Hawkeye, which I still watched on the release day, I haven't even finished Boba Fett. I plan on watching the finale, but its probably been a month and a half or two months since I watched the penultimate episode and every time I sit down to watch something, it doesn't even cross my mind that I haven't finished it yet and I watch other stuff. As for Luke, I am in agreement. As someone getting into 3D art and VFX, its kind of cool seeing how far the technology is progressing, but I would really just rather see another good actor that looks enough like Luke take up the role for more Expanded Universe type adventures. I personally like Sebastian Stan for the recasting, but that doesn't mean there isn't someone else who is a better fit.
Arcane is freakin awesome.
I'm just here to shout out your use of the Tales of Symphonia OST. Highly underrated gem!
On Boba Fett It's like if you had a Superman show, then halfway through you have Batman steal all of the spotlight in the rest of the show.
I think the biggest "stakes" in hawkeye for me is clint not making it home for Christmas
I think the reason why the show was only named Hawkeye is because Kate Bishop was meant to take that name and make it hers. The last scene of the series ends Kate asking for a hero name suggestion, then is followed by Hawkeye saying "You know what, actually I have an idea" and cuts to the logo Hawkeye, which is the name of the series, and also which may be the new name for Kate. This might be the last film that Hawkeye will be in considering he's done with all the previous problems in the MCU, and he's old I guess. Dude's gonna live the rest of his life with his family and Kate will star as the new Hawkeye of the MCU. tbh the ending was fine but still feels lacking and messy for some reason.
That's crazy cause I hated Kate Bishop Lol... I wish the show was only about Clint
Which tales of game did you use as BGM for licorice pizza? TOS? It’s driving me crazy
Book of Boba Fett. Did not like this show. The Luke stuff I really didn't like and Ahsoka was just there for some reason. The scene where Ahsoka and Luke meet felt like wasted potential. And Hawkeye was far more enjoyable.  I don't know what it is. But I really enjoy the MCU Disney+ shows far more than any of the Star Wars stuff.
Nice video
I wish they remade Cowboy Bebop in the same way as Arcane. Would have made it work
The bit with hawkeye is that kate was the hawkeye the show was about all along, clint even does the invincible title bit to her in the last scene when she asks what her codename should be
21:15 Solo also didn’t do well because it came out about 5-6 months after TLJ, which was a monstrosity that turned a lot of people off of Star Wars
You should watch the mitchells vs machines
I dont think it surprises anyone that you’re a league of legends player
wish you did a quickie on ghostbusters afterlife
Um...Bad Batch?
Completely disagree with u on deep fake Luke. ITs incredibly hard to tell, it was easy in Mando S.2. However, its just gonna keep getting better yes there will always be something. however, you are probably one of very few who don't like it.
What's the name background song for the Boba Fett review?
I just do not understand the Hawkeye criticism.  Like, yeah, it's titled Hawkeye and is about Kate Bishop, because she's fucking Hawkeye??? The show is her origin story for the MCU? What's the problem here?
Someone watched Nakey Jakeys channel lol
the thumbnail is basically fortnite so far in 2022
Dude, Kate Bishop IS Hawkeye. LOL
Man that background tune is so chill and soothing
💦 P-R-O-M-O-S-M!!
Marcus it’s called Hawkeye because they’re both Hawkeye
I don’t think Marcus has watched Return of the Jedi recently. Luke sounds EXACTLY like he did then
When the mandalorian season 1 came out I was really hype and loved it, because it was better than anything disney had created with star wars. But now looking back at season 1 it's really kinda boring. The characters feel like they were pushed aside so that baby Yoda could get more screen time to sell merchandise which made them uninteresting. Looking back at it I would probably give it a C ranking or a 4 out of 10.
I disagree strongly that Book Of Boring Fett is better than Hawkeye
Review money heist
Imagine baby Yoda at his first frat party
Where did you study film?
What song did u use when talking about Hawkeye? That whole monologue was so relaxing Marcus
No matter what they did with luke, it was never gunna be right, I've just had to accept it. If they re casted him, I would have been fine but also wouldn't think it was luke. So when it comes to it they shouldn't have brought in luke, maybe mace windu was a better way to go but then again same problem, maybe just force ghosts training him could have worked
Yayyyy archane review
What's the background music used here?
I was very exited for hawkeye when it was announced but what ruined the show for me was the absence of hawkeye..... most of the show focused on Kate and her story but like its called "hawkeye" sure her hero name is also hawkeye but I wanted to see Jeremy Renner hawkeye being a badass but we rarley see him do anything
Out of all YouTubers why do I have to be addicted to the laziest YouTuber 🤦‍♂️
Having pushed 2 Gamorreans off of a cliff, star wars has yet again plagiarized the Cosmonaut Tabletop.
Star Wars Stories
EXACTLY what I think of Arcane so far. (Still need to finish S1.) The music is a bit weird/annoying in places but it's SO good in every other way!
I just wish Mando was Boba Fett, like have the tusken raiders intro, then after just the Mandalorian with Boba Fett instead
The Hulk has been cg since the first hulk film by ang lee and everyone still loves hulk the same way.  just saying
How ironic that Darth Vader the man they claim as more machine than man is more man than the machine that is modern luke skywalker. 😎😎😎😎😎
What Music is he using during the Hawkeye part?
The Luke voice sounds spot on for his scene on the imperial base on endor when he’s very quietly talking to Vader about being anakin, but expressing anything more than that both lighter or more intense sounds wrong, they should find a young lookalike like the prequels, they guy under the cg looks pretty spot on from memory
Moral of the story Marcus just really likes regular guys.
What happened to 2 tall 2 girl??
I like the way this video is, feels more personal. Like your actually listening to someone’s opinions, listening to someone ramble about this stuff late into the night.  18:17 Also, what? TF?!?!
such an extremely niche comment but there was some fucking Tales of Symphonia music during the Licorice Pizza section and I didn't think that was gonna be there
I thought I saw a new video uploaded called 2 tall 2 girl?? I was excited for it, did it get taken down?
What happened to the tall girl 2 video?
sleepy time with meghan revival?
Hey Marcus, please review Belle. I havent seen it but it looks dope asf
Please review new Texas Chainsaw
Marcus I just wanna know. What's your opinion on "night at the Roxbury." When it came out and now
Mark Hamill is a vocaloid? Sick!
What did you think about the last new season of Star Wars the clone wars 🤓
I'm happy and we're happy that our boy here is getting rest. The time has come! TALL GIRL 2 REVIEW!
MARCUS. 2 TALL 2 GIRL. REPOST. AAAAAHHHHHHH
8:22 fuck hes right...
Did he delete the tall girl 2 video?
This was a weird episode of Euphoria but I'll take it
Can you please repost the Tall Girl 2 video, it was taken down
Quiche , for the butter and the salami pepperoni
Quiche , with pepporoni
Pizza , vanilla bean
Pizza
What happened to the tall girl 2 video :(
Where the hell is tall girl 2 vid
love this format. I watched this video while also laying in bed so it really felt like pillow talk with a man that does not ask you anything about yourself. nostalgic
Yoyo bro homie Marcus  Can you please do a video on daredevil season 1?
Tell us your opinion on Attack on Titan, the peak of fiction
You would like peacemaker
I want cosmonaut to do the long awaited tdk trilogy, kick-ass, and definitely the new peacemaker show.
I know your prolly burnt out but review some anime for once i’m dying to hear your opinions on cool animes cuz ik you like em but yh good video
They took down the tall girl 2 video :(
Marcus you HAVE TO continue the Transformers picture show. It's inevitable.
Amazing video
Dude talk about peacemaker you goofball jeez
How about you cover The Maze Runner
really frustrting how you dont link the music you use
You got to review Dune dude, great movie. Also league is trash, you & your guilty pleasures lol.
Arcane was one of the greatest things I’ve ever watched it was so goddamn good
You earned this shit. Nap up bb.
Complete waste of Ahsoka and Luke meeting. THERE IS SOOOOO MUCH TO EXPAND ON!!! And Disney threw that interaction away in a show about but also not about Boba Fett. I'd watch an entire SERIES of just exploring those two trying to figure out what the Force means to them and the future of the Jedi. One has never experienced the Jedi Order, the other ran away from it, yet both want to keep balance in the universe. But no. We can't have nice things...
Brrrrruh what happened to 2 tall 2 girl 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭 I just placed my dinner 🍽
The Luke voice was voice acted, not DeepFaked.
Huh, I guess I just always associated the font treatment on the Hawkeye logo for the show with Kate Bishop as Hawkeye, so I didn't have a problem with it being about her.
What happened to 2 tall 2 girl?
5:18 Ive never seen this movie but i can already tell thats J.I.D
I found Silco the best part of arcane. He's very tightly written. He can use one sentence to get five different points across if you know the context and he could be smiling at a character but we and the other character know he's threatening to murder that person's child. Then to give him a blatant weakness is just the cherry on top, though I wish we got to see him interacting with Jinx a bit more.
Why no peace maker sad emoji
Kate bishop is hawkeye also Dude if you hate mcu properties why watch it to hate on it?
what is this music it sounds like professor layton
Marcus I fucking hated the book of boba fett's "modern day" take of a biker gang. Fuck. The damn. Speed racing mopeds
Don't burn yourself out Marcus, Only put stuff out when you want to bro
We saw that 2 Tall 2 Girl video release. You better let us see that soon lol.
Sad thought: I get the impression that due to his low video output, and because of what's going on in his personal life (which I have no information on) Marcus is getting close to the end of his time as a YouTuber. You can tell by how little he uploads and how tired he seems making this. It really seems like he's only uploading due to the fanbase he knows he has and still cares about, but the man seems over it, or just mentally exhausted and unable to continue. I'll miss you Marky, but if you're at the point in life where being a YouTube personality is no longer a hobby you're able to pursue, I'll respect it and love you for what you've put out and the fun personality you were that we all loved so very much
RIP his video from tall girl 2
Why don't they just hire a voice actor for fake Luke?
Got distracted half way with the nier background music lol
Hawkeye was my favorite MCU show
My man sound like Mr. Plinkett
Hey I too am fully dressed in my bed watching this
Im kinda digging the chatting while laying around and chilling in bed vibe.
Thanks Bo
Yo, wtf. YouTube unsubscribed me from you. Well, now I've resubscribed.
If you think you have it bad with smash bros I’m a fighter z player it’s very very painful 😖 but I love it!
Hawkeye's son looks exactly like Kyle Rittenhouse.
what's the background music?
the luke deepfake is so creepy
I just watched a nakeyjakey vídeo that is shot exactly like this and came here to comment. The first time I watched I didn't get the reference
they shouldve just used luke's battlefront 2 voice in book of boba tbh
How are you gonna say "he was in the show to give you a reason to watch the show" when in real time nobody (at least in most households, I'm sure lol) knew he was gonna be in the show? I love your videos but that was a sloppy review man lol... It seems like a lot of people criticize things because of title choice, or not being what they want things to be... we impose these needlessly restrictive rules that makes it harder to appreciate the great things that were in there. I'm surprised unless I'm mistaken you never mentioned how Hawkeye's breaking down, going deaf, basically falling apart from all the damage he endured in his previous appearances... I'm not saying it's a genius show or a masterpiece but the things you -chose- to say in your review directly contradict the show itself (unless those audience members were told, "Watch this show because Kingpin is in it" lol)
Praise God! God Bless! Jesus Christ Wins!
I love how it's become perfectly normal to watch a video of someone lying down recording the audio at this point. Do more from bed, look after yourself!
Phillips Seymour Hoffman’s son was great in Licorice Pizza. I foresee a great career in acting for him.
been waiting for you to review licorice pizza
The way you glossed over the single best series on television right now is heartbreaking
Luke's voice was so bad imo, it felt so dead pan and robotic. But I do like those scenes tho
Maybe this time in Mando season 3, they can fix the voice deep of Luke for Marcus' liking 😂
THANK YOU! for saying the music is hit or miss in arcane. I got flamed for saying that and it was my biggest problem with the show for the exact reasons you mentioned
Mandalorian 2.5 is the perfect title for it. Cuz 3/7 of the episodes, Mando was the star
I love your videos, so I don't want you to feel burnt while out making them. Feel free to take a break whenever you need to!
Super unrelated but I really want this guy to review The Walking Dead in some capacity, I really wanna see his take on the common controversial opinions on certain seasons that will not be named of that show.
Damn I’m sick of your negativity.
You know I can understand Mando showing up in BOBF. I can understand making references to Grogu with Mando in the show. But its honestly kind of insulting to market this supposed "character building" and "spinoff" show as it being centered around Boba Fett just to have Mando and Grogu take over. Lets see who solves the problems at the end of the series shall we? Who goes and gets reinforcements for Boba? Mando does. Who kills the people behind the syndicate? His master assassin sidekick. Who stops the first big bad droid? Boba Fett while riding badass on a Rancor. Okay that's cool what about the second one. The Rancor again BUT only with the help of Mando and Grogu. Ah yes the Rancor who Boba shares a bond with goes on a rampage? He's gonna stop it and show the people of Tatooine his strength right? Nope, GROGU STOPS IT. Oh and Boba kills a criminally underused and underpowered Cad Bane with a staff. How does the series end? Does it end with Boba and his allies peacefully ruling on Tatooine? NOPE. The series with "Boba Fett" in the title ENDS with MANDO AND GROGU ONCE AGAIN riding off into the sunset. The show only had 7 episodes and roughly 4 and a half were about Boba Fett. I love the Mandalorian and I love Grogu. They are great characters and a great show. But Disney of course ruined all weight that the end of Mando season 2 had just to fan service people who only watched the Mandalorian as their first Star Wars show. Obi-Wan's show better flush out some new side characters  instead of copping out for fan service. But knowing Disney, it wont happen. Despite the blatant selling out, I thought the show was overall fine. Just disappointing. Okay my rant is over now.
Isnt that saintmillion in the cameo
Once he started the Hawkeye segment a beautiful song chimes in the background and nearly immediately recognized it from Nier: Automata. His has great taste in varieties of music
Thumbs up for the Rydia theme from FFIV in the background
I liked this video and wouldn’t bother me if had needed to do more of these to recharge
What's hilarious about the stuff he says around 19:30 is that baby yoda is actually completely cgi. He's almost never a real puppet. The VFX team purposely makes his movement all jerky to make the audience think it's a puppet, and it works like a charm
a 2021 catchup but no Jujutsu Kaisen
Im sad about Hawkeye man, I was expecting it to be just 6 episodes of him doing some John wick shit and surviving in New York but instead we got stuck with Kate Bishop, she’s super annoying imo and it just disappoints me that we follow her over him
Whats with the orange and blue
I think the reason they keep doing CGI Luke is because they really just want to make a series about Luke going on adventures and stuff which would most be like the original trilogy so what they keep doing is trying to get it right little by little in each show until it's perfect and they can finally like having star in his own show
In the comics, both of their names are Hawkeye. I think it’s called that because it’s the new Hawkeye’s origin story as well as putting to rest the old Hawkeye.
Can we talk about how boba fett stole the lizard Luke scene from dungeons and cosmonauts
I was so happy Mandalorian 2 did the Tusken stuff from Knights of the Old Republic. That was one of my favorite pieces of lore from KotOR and I was so happy it is still canon.
Dude please review peacemaker
do peacemaker !!!!
Nice video
I don't need a lot of fancy editing in your videos. I just like hearing your opinions.
do peacemaker
You have to watch peacemaker
Mark goes back to his Bacta tank.
Damn ive been bingeing your videos hella lately so it feels like you never left 💀
sound like that guy off of the first episode of smiling friends kinda scaring me
I feel like I'm losing my fucking mind when it come to baby Yoda. Everyone has nothing but praise for the puppet and I cannot stand it. Everytime I look at his dumb face all  I can see is how stiff and how little he emotes. I cannot stand that puppet. They should take all the money they use for the luke puppets and use them on grogus face
man i fucking hate kate bishop as a character in that show, idk how she is in the comics but she is awful in the show. Absolutely no stakes, she is just amazing at everything she does, she is a 5'8 skinny girl who beats up multiple grown men???? she is already amazing with the bow and arrow so we never get to see her learn or get taught from hawkeye that much. She got a black belt in taekwando or some shit at like 16???? i think thats what they said in the show??? so that makes her a good fighter i guess. what the fuck is that shit. Does taekwando actually do this? give out fucking black belts to young frail girls, so that they fill their ego and they think they are the next connor mcgregor??? Taekwando isnt even like a good street fighting martial art, how can a teenage little girl get a fucking black belt... i thought black belt should be about wisdom and experience and accumulating a large amount of skill.  There is no way that a 16 year old can get that,  Such stupid lore. Also the only gyms i know that give out black belts like that are the scam ones, where you pay to get a new belt. For example in BJJ you have to train for like 10+ years to get a black belt. Also there is just no fucking way this little girl can fight the people she fights, i know marvel isnt supposed to be realistic but cmon man, at least have her fight to her strengths, like her speed, agility and flexibility, cuz if she punched a 250lb 6'4 inexperienced boxer meathead, she would get murdered. There is a reason there are weight classes and gender separation in fighting sports. AND ON TOP OF ALL OF THAT she is rich with rich parents. So she grew up in privilege, and never had to truly suffer. AND her mom owns a security company, how fucking convenient, any problem she has can be solved like that. And she acts like such an annoying fucking bitch, always has the teenage angst, she thinks she is better and smarter than everyone. Such a poorly made character. I could have written a better story and character for that show i garun fucking tee you. I love stories like that with a master and a teacher, its such a good story. Especially when the student has to prove themselves, then they end up discovering something about themselves which leads them to become the warrior they wanted to be. Or the old wise master who wants to escape the world he was in, but ends up discovering to embrace his heritage and who he is. and a peaceful "passing of the torch" happens. stupid fucking show
Marcus, when you're ready to make another video, could you do a either the three different fantastic four movies or the hulk 2003 movie as a worst superhero movies ever made video. I'm fine with either one just hope that maybe my suggestion gives you an idea. Love your videos
anyone know what background music he's using? super chill
Ayo Marcus you excited for the Moonknight coming next month? Looks like it’ll be creepy, spooky, and supernatural all over with Oscar Isaac juggling several characters as one person in a multiple personality disordered mess. Looks pretty promising to me I’m just worried Disney will water it down and it won’t be as brutal as Daredevil was. Because jesus christ Moonknight is brutal XD Looking forward to your thoughts on it when it cones out!
Technically Kate Bishop is Hawkeye
As far as I know, Kate Bishop doesn't have a different hero name, she also uses Hawkeye. So ultimately the title is still accurate. And as I read, she's way more likeable in the series than in the comics, so that's pretty good.
but kate IS hawkeye... lol
For some reason I love this set up of him just relaxing in his bed 🤣 giving us his late night reviews
What's the name of the OST playing during the Boba Fett section? It's beautiful.
I can do this all daaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay
I like how you used Nier music in the vid. Man's got taste!
Please do Riverdale Marcus
Watching this while lying in bed feels oddly intimate.
i think you are the vocal minority  when it comes to luke lol
So when we playing league wassup
Where the fk my review ?
Creator burnout looks scary. Take care!
They need to give up on these stupid CGI faces and just cast Sebastian Stan as Luke. And the saddest thing about Book of Boba Fett is the best episodes aren’t even about him. I really liked seeing him do a classic western story where a cowboy is adopted by a tribe of Indians…..and then they all died and they abandoned it. The show was just very disappointing, I don’t hate it, I’m just disappointed.
I gotta be honest, I had absolutely no problem with fake Luke in Bobf. He looked absolutely fine and sounded absolutely fine. The line delivery was very stiff, but that kinda *is* 70s Mark Hamil.
Since you talk about how you don't really like adult animation, I would be interested to hear your thoughts on BoJack Horseman.
We need Sebastian Stan as Luke!!!
I showed Arcane to my 50+ year old dad who has only ever played Super Nintendo. The look originally put him off and I told him just watch episode 1 and stop if you don't like it. He now asks me weekly about Season 2.
I have really enjoyed watching the  phase four Marvel. They are maintaining the quality of standalone titles for the most part, while upping their game on the interconnected universe exponentially. The fact that we have seen many new and old characters all come in within a year and it doesn't feel convoluted, overstuffed or predictable is amazing.   I liked Hawkeye. It was always going to be the train Kate Bishop story and it succeeded at that. She is Hawkeye. All of her failed attempts at making herself show that definitively by the end. Clint played a very satisfying mentor to her throughout and he had a story arc of overcoming his past to become himself again post blip and post Black Widow. The show felt off in some ways but it made up for it in so many other ways.
Licorice Pizza was a trip. It felt very candid and we got two star performances from two non-actors. We got some interesting cameos, while a bit awkward in the context like you said, but we're also pretty epic. It made the movie seem more like a 70s fever dream. The essence of the 70s, instead of the reality.  The way PT sees it with hindsight. He also plays on some tropes like the great car chase, the Almost Famous, the reverse Annie Hall.
Will you be reviewing the Legend of Vox Machina?
Book of Boba Fett should have just been a 4-episode arc in Mandalorian season 3
You should do a picture show where u watch Tall Girl 2
Kate bishop is Hawkeye too…..
Soooo when you gonna watch TALL girl 2
He's so handsome😍 The light is doing its thangg💅🏾
Tall girl 2 do another one
Will you ever review ozark?
you have to do tall girl 2 now!!!
Tall Girl 2?
They should have named "The Book of Boba Fett" to "The Tribes of Tatooine".
CGI Luke voice reminds me of tommy wiseau acting voice
what boggles me is that BOBF takes place right after mandaloran s2 and in mando s2 we see boba fett return and he’s more cold and badass. he literally puts up a fight with one of bo-katan’s mandolorian friends and straight up murders bib fortuna in cold blood.
Why no Matrix Resurrections review? Matrix Resurrections review when?
A “grown” man🤨
20:18 "I don't think Disney realizes that people really like... real things."  Literally every corporation with NFTs, I guess.
That cosmonaut ketchup joke should not have made me laugh as much as it did.
Cosmonaut- "in adult animation you really just kinda get the same static stiff animation" Yeah, fair. Now watch primal. Genndy Tartakovsky's masterpiece.
Nice Evil Dead poster 👀
Let’s hope obi wan is the main character in his show
MAKE A PICTURE SHOW ON TALL GIRL 2
Take care of yourself! I’m not unsubscribing anytime soon, I’ll wait patiently for the next vid
Barbara Streisand is confirmed to be Sans in this video.
Can they just have Sebastian Stan play Luke already? It would be much better than full CGI monster they are using atm... Even if he's different, I am fine with that let him put his own spin on the character. I don't need the exact same character forever.
Lol I always disagree with you. Wow. Loved Hawkeye.
They should have just snatched up the voice actor for luke from battlefront 2
oh i love this jakey video
Star wars Tv: Season 1:The mandalorian Season 2: Mandolorian chapter 2 Season 3:The book of boba fett Season 4:Kenobi Season 5:Ahsoka  Honestly that would be better
The Hawkeye run that they pulled a lot of stuff from is an all time great comic run. But idk if you read it but it’s basically just ab Hawkeye being normal and Kate Bishop. Like the show is called Hawkeye and not Kate Bishop bc SHE IS HAWKEYE. Not Hawkeye jr or Arrow girl she’s literally Hawkeye.
The only “adult animation” that actually really makes good use of the medium are Venture Bros early Simpsons I begrudgingly will say Rick and Morty even though the fans are insufferable. Adult Swim has so good stuff I get the stiff feeling but mostly bc all that stuff is done on the cheap.
Have you seen they made a tall girl 2?
I have to say, the most interesting commentary you provided on the Book of Boba Fett, was that the Mandalorian is or has become what we all thought Boba was going to be. While I still Think Mando is still a little soft to be exactly a Boba replacement, it's still clearly makes a lot of sense to view it from that perspective.
It's kinda funny that there's a ton of scenes where grogu is 100% cgi, and he says the reason grogu works is because he's practical. To be fair though, grogu is a lot easier to do cgi than a real person.
idk if you really do anime, but demon slayer and attack on titan are both popping right now, a review there would be dope
x men can really take a lot out of a person
When The Batman comes out, Marcus should review every live action Batman movie.
I think Arcane does for Steampunk what The matrix did for Cyberpunk and this is coming from someone who has never played LOL
Not gonna lie, kinda creepy when you're laying down in bed and watching this whe the video starts and this man also is laying down and talking to me like he's next to me in bed...
Does anyone know what was the soundtrack in the background of the Boba Fett review? Does it come from a game?
Hawkeye is Kate bishops origin story , she is literally Hawkeye  It IS her show Just my 2 cents , I thought it was a fun story & as a setup for Kate's character it is really good
CGI Luke Skywalker reminds me of Steve Oedekerk in Kung Pow
Watching this style of video feels like im juat talking with a bro
As someone who does not like the Star Wars movies and has never watched any Star Wars movie and actually paid attention, it blows my mind Disney has yet to cast Sebastian Stan as their new Luke.  Like the dude looks just like young Luke.  All of the deep fakes and edits all look fake asf.  Like just cast Seb in the role and but some CGI on his face to make him look more like Luke ig, but the artificial face they are using right now looks like a 2K video game
Imagine if they did the movie solo with a CGI Harrison Ford, voice, face and all.
Nier Automata music in the background baby
The background song in the intro... is that kingdom hearts? It sounds so familiar
Idk but have you done a review on adult swims “Primal”??
I like this format.
Have you watched Encanto and if so would love to hear what you think about it
Probably already got comments saying this, but in the comics Kate Bishop takes the name Hawkeye and by just calling the show Hawkeye I interpreted it as like a clever way to have them both be the title character, but general audiences aren’t gonna pick up on that so I can agree with you what you said. Regardless though, I liked Hawkeye a lot purely for the fact that we got more Hawkeye than we already had and it gave me more from Netflix Daredevil. Essential.
This channel pays your bills, go to work
People hate too much on the CGI luke. It looks and sounds phenomenal. Just love to bitch about nothing
Watch Peacemaker
I love this channel, keep up the good works.  Great content!
First
I didn’t like Hawkeye much, and it’s all because of how much I hate Yelena, her character is the worst part of the show, aside from Kingpin being wasted, Yelena was awful and her first scene made me wanna stop watching
peacemaker is finished, can u review it
Yo Tall Girl 2 is up now :D
I wasn't expecting to be watching a Cosmonaut video and losing my mind over Tales of Symphonia  music at the same time but here we are
Plz do Peacemaker I’m pretty sure the last episode comes out today 😁
Hawkeye is Kate Bishop’s show. It’s called Hawkeye because she is the next Hawkeye.  On the Fake Hamil, I was super impressed with the CGI but I didn’t notice the weirdness you describe in his voice. The only thing that I felt about it was that the line reads were pretty flat. Now I know why!
I love this chill style of video keep up the great vids !!
8:38 the way my brain did a serotonin dump just from hearing that voice 👀
Get some rest buddy. Peacemaker will surprise you and I hope you enjoy it.
Any thoughts on the Dune movie?
Well now I have to watch Book of Boba Fett. Those cameos are what really pull me into thos shows. I can't help myself!
I agree with the Boba rating, I was so excited for this show and I really enjoyed the first 4 episodes, even though I think Boba should be like more menacing or something like he was in the older movies but have him talk as he does in the Mandalorian, cause nobody would wanna watch the show if Boba wouldn’t be talking ever. They really like to give characters lines and jokes that don’t fit them, like “Like a Bantha” (I like it it’s funny but out of Boba’s character) not to mention they really underused him in the final 3 episodes, I did like Cad Banes death but I feel like he should’ve been used more, like have him have more fights against Boba in the show, or give him a whole fight scene or something. They also never should’ve included the Grogu sequences, instead they should’ve have been centered on Boba, for example have Boba leave Tatooine to find more allies like Bossk, and have Boba encounter the Millennium Falcon while he’s looking for Bossk or something, which would actually connect with Quira and the Pyke Syndicate setting something up for the second season of Boba. This would’ve been way more compatible with the plot of this show and would do way better off without those Jedi sequences in my opinion. But yeah I’d also rate it 6/10
Ahh Hawkeye wasn’t that bad . And it’s not called Kate cause she Hawkeye now
I have a name for a show/movie being named after one character (usually male) and being outperformed/outshadowed by a non-titular (usually female) protagonist and the show/movie having been better if only the name had changed, the Furiosa-effect.
I like seeing Luke but yeah I would be alright with another actor playing Luke. Kate Bishop is Hawkeye in the comics so it is a Hawkeye show but she is not called that throughout the show and isn’t officially Hawkeye until the end so you have a very valid point
I just love that this Nigga is just in his bed with the camera pointed at him doing a video 😂😂 I love that. It didn't feel no different from the regular videos
are you still making a second venom 2 video
Why do I love sleeping Marcus reviews so so much
Guys can u tell me song name in the hawkeye part
my friends told me that Hawkeye is better than Loki. and i'm lucky to tell you that he is not my friend anymore
How dare you call RLM internet brain rot, sir. How DARE you. Also, not to be a dick(I’m totally about to be a dick) if reviewing nerd culture shit is so bad I’ll trade places with you and you can manage a fast food restaurant lmao Fr though, you can review anything you want to. It’s your fucking channel ♥️
I agree with the Arcane music being hit or miss, everytime an imagine dragons song came on I just wanted to skip through it tbh
Bro the nier automata moon base music fits so well with the videos vibe
nier music lol
Shit you could fool me on the Luke voice, I still think it sounds exactly how he does in RotJ and have no issue with it
I love the nier automata music you have in the background
I certainly can't argue with those who feel _Luke's_ voice sounded strange to them. It's subjective. And with nearly 8 billion people on your world, it's also a statistical inevitability some shall feel thus. However, I can disagree.   For my part, I've heard the voice of _"70s and 80s Mark Hamill"_ (18:45) more times than I can count for over 45 years. And again, it's subjective. I can't say that one is wrong for thinking it doesn't sound right, because it simply doesn't sound right _to them._ However, I can't help but think _the number of times I've listened to _*_that voice_*_ far exceeds that of our Cosmonaut here,¹_ that I simply find such criticisms of this voice a bit disheartening, is all.  *ADDENDUM:* I admit it could sound better. Even ADR sounds like ADR, even though the actor is simply re-recording their own voice. And in that way, I feel perhaps the _Luke voice_ doesn't sound quite as perfect as it could. But that's a far cry from saying it doesn't sound like _Luke/Mark Hamill_ of that time period. I think this is an absolutely astonishing accomplishment.  ··•✺•··  ¹ ─ Did someone say _"expert witness?"_  j/k 😁  Ultimately, it doesn't change the fact he thinks it sounds weird.🤷🏼‍♂️
Can you do the bad batch?
Great observation about the names of the shows. I would have enjoyed them much more, if I hadn't come out feeling like the title hadn't mislead me.
I have that Xavier wulf sweater. Dope. I am now a bigger fan than before.
Imagine if the next borderlands movie looked like arcane, instead we got Kevin Hart playing claptrap :-)
maclunky
got em
Definitely gonna check out smiling friends
I hope kenobi only has Vader and kenobi no one else.
Noooo he plays league of legends :( can’t watch anymore :,(((
Please review tall girl 2
I’m sure somebody has already mentioned this but in Smiling Friends they didn’t know how to end the Frowning Friends episode so they just improved the Renaissance men at 3 am
I politely disagree on Hawkeye not focusing on Clint, but honestly I think it was a good way to have Clint face everything that he’s done through the movies. Your other points were fair tho
Say hi to Dan and tell him i adore him
Only like a minute into this and it's already my favorite video from you ever.  Perfect cap to my day.  Thank you for your hard work sir.  Very very much appreciated on this end ❤️
The legends of vox machina next!
They really should've just recast young Luke.   The thought of Disney making the Prequels and reviving some weird Sir Alec Guiness puppet as young Obi-Wan *shudders*
Will you be reviewing bel-air when it’s done
Still hasn’t done squid game but it’s cool
One of the reasons I didn't really like the BOBF was because I'm a ESB cuck-shill and prefer the silent cold blooded menace he appears to be that was apparently well known for disintergrating his bounties without and remorse, and now he's just like this bumbling overly nice guy who is a literal crime lord who acts more like spongebob than Gus Fring yaknow? But that's just me
Likes  00:43 Licorice Pizza. 9.5/10 03:22 Arcane.  10/10      07:37 Smiling Friends.   9/10 Not likes  10:34 Hawkeye.  5/10 14:46 The Book of Boba Fett.   6/10
Kate Bishop is Hawkeye though.
I’ve been saying from the moment boba showed up in the Mandalorian, that boba shoulda been mando!! Like he takes off the helmet it’s Fuckin boba! Boba becomes a good guy! But hey I’m sure people woulda been pissed about that as well.
glad he didn't like hawkeye. watched the show every thursday with some friends and then we all forgot the finale even happened. didn't get back to it until weeks later and it was just meh.
Oh brother this guy stinks
Eh I kind of Liked Cad Bane showing up was nice because he died and I fucking hate him
I really like your vids man. Good Subjects. You got a good youtube voice!
U should review the maze runner trilogy
Marcus chilling in bed and casually talking about movies and other stuff has to be one of the greatest formats ever
I gotta say, arcane was VERY predictable and not in a good way.  I also think the animation gets really muddy in dark scenes and despite Vi having bright pink hair, I still managed to lose track of her in scenes. Worse for Jinx... That scene where Ekko beat the shit out of Jinx was amazingly animated though
I feel like Hawkeye is Kate bishop becoming Hawkeye more than it’s about Clint being Hawkeye. It’s like more of her origin story and Clint is there to help her
In my opinion, The Book of Boba Fett should have set up Cad Bane as the main villain early on, with flash backs of young Boba becoming who we knew in the original trilogy (including a duel with Cad Bane where Boba gets the dent in his helmet) with the flash backs of him with the tuskens humbling him and teaching him to become the Boba he is in the show.
Sorry to see you feeling burned out! Really enjoy your videos; but taking care of yourself is way more important than my or anyone else’s enjoyment. Hope you find a way to recharge.
19:20 I thought he sounded like a soundboard. Was half expecting him to start rambling about Liquor and shithawks.
As the only person in my friend group annoyed by the over abundance of cameos in these current Star Wars stuffs and likes Mandolorian season 1 for being self contained it’s nice to hear someone else agree
I see you, playing Fortress of Lies when talking about hawkeye. Banger song good taste.
I disagree about Luke’s voice. He sounds perfectly fine with the exception of only a few moments. I would be more distracted if it was just some guy pretending to be Luke.
I feel as though it's Callled Hawkeye Because Both Clint and Kate are called Hawkeye in the comics and this was more like a show that is like an origin of Kate
Wait why can't you talk about about movies you actually like?? Fill your channel with that shit, please, I need niche and I want to get it without wading through 10 bad movies/shows first
MARCUS, we need a picture show for tallgirl 2!!!!!
Finally someone see that Luke’s voice is weird, the whole time watching that episode i was just wondering why he talks like an npc
I thought the fake Luke was good
Loving the dark souls 1 music at the end
" i am a grown man now" lol by what standard
"I haven't really talked about anything I don't like." I knew Hawkeye was coming next. I loved Hawkeye
Marcus you should review the new demons slayer game hinokami chronicles
Did you use Dark Souls music as a nod to Nakey Jakey’s video? Similar style got me thinking.
All I’m going to say is Luke skywalker sounded like a condescending meditation app
I agree about the Luke thing. I think visually he looks great, but the voice is just weirdly off to me. The only Time it sounded like young 80s Mark Hamill to me was when he said “the Mandalorian was here.”
Did you use Nier Automata soundtrack while talking about Hawkeye 🤓
I think the failings of Book of Boba Fett are just as simple as Robert Rodriguez being involved at all. All of the worst episodes were directed by Robert Rodriguez (episodes 1, 3 and 7) and all of the best episodes were directed by 4 different directors. Every episode RR directs has this weird cheap feeling, they just don't feel right for some reason. Also shout out to Disney putting Thundercat in not one, but TWO episodes of the show, I really want to know whose idea that was.
Man nier automata song at 11:22 is 🔥
What is the music that is playing in the background for the Hawkeye section? It sounds so soothing.
A lot of Grogu is actually CGI, they purposely cgi him to look like a puppet, that way it tricks our brains into making us think he is real since puppets are real
Rate and discuss the yugioh and Pokémon anime vs the card games
Yo. How about some videos on Yugioh, MTG, and Pokémon. How to guides. How to start. Deck profiles. What not to do. Live matches. So much content waiting to have your stamp on it
wait until you see the ai stan lee cameos they’re working on
The book of boba Fett made me love the tusckens
I personally feel like the Hawkeye show was made more for people who didn't really like or care about Hawkeye before because one might miss or just forget when he's out here being one of the best characters in the whole... thing..  Because I kind of forgot after finding him thoroughly annoying in Endgame and really enjoyed Hawkeye simply based off of "huh this Clint guy is actually really fun huh?"
Nice Evil Dead poster
the style of smiling friends reminds me a lot of gumball, and gumball was way better to me
What! I loved hawkeye.  It was my favorite next to falcon and winter solider.
is this a jakey inspired video shoot idea
In my personal opinion, the young Luke effects were flawless. Maybe its just cause I grew up around cgi or something but whenever I hear people talk about how it doesnt work, I just dont see it. Face looks great, voice sounds great, it all works perfectly. Maybe ive just been drinking too much fluoride idk
As someone who will give all the marvel shit a try, I have just not even remotely had the urge to watch hawkeye
clint barton and kate bishop are both hawkeye. hence the name of the show
I make lightsaber replicas. Part of my job is filtering out music from Mark Hamil's voice. I know his voice. That ain't it. It's just time to pass the mantle. If they did a throwback to replacing Rhodey / war-machine with a "I'm here, deal with it"  scene and it was Sebastion Shan or really any other look alike... whatever. I'm cool with it. Just quit doing this polar-express / uncanny-valley horror film fodder.
Really like the framing device for this video.
“Boba fett review that’s pretty cool I wo……. IS THAT MUDDAFUGGING WILD ARMS MUSIC!?”
I think the title HAWKEYE is just as much in reference to Clint as it is to Kate at the end Clint passes the title to her and the title card is shown for the last time. This tells the viewer that Kate is the new HAWKEYE and I think that gives the title a new meaning in retrospective
Dude Luke is so weird. It was so hard to not laugh audibly during his lines. They were ridiculous!!! Why didn’t they just hire a voice actor who sounds kind of similar!!?
I dig the Tales of Symphonia bgm.
Why don't you do a Movie Review on *"Interstellar"* or *"Gravity"*
Can u do resident evil franchise soon?
anyone know the song he used in the video around the time talks about Hawkeye?
Mate in all your videos you love to say ‘I don’t normally like….’
To me I think it's more a calm, mature luke Skywalker but I don't understand you're opinion is wired but it's you're opinion so i won't judge.
This was uploaded on my birthday I'm so happy 😄
COSMO YOU MUST WATCH THE BIG LEZ SHOW ON YOUTUBE
Just recast Luke. What’s the issue?
trending hm
It is so relaxing
The current Luke puppet is there to get people to be happy when the puppet gets better.  Even if you can still tell, if it's better than the last version more people will accept/get used to it over time.  If they wait on the tech to be perfect they won't ever get to use it.
Love these more chill videos!
I think you're right about Din usurping Boba's cool persona. For the most part. I think idealized Boba would have been more ruthless. I think the headcanon Boba we all had would have killed/turned in baby yoda instead of forming a relationship with him had he been in the same situation.
I see you Cosmo with the Nier Automata music.
marcus just wants disney to manufacture a mark hamill clone in their facility at this point
Just let Sebastian Stan be young Luke...
And when the world needed him most...he reappeared.
Your bed is too small. Dude get yourself need a California king.
i loved Arcane but the music is super distracting.
Markus cozied up in his bed, speaking his opinion on entertainment last year is pretty cozy ngl
"I've played LoL since 2011"  Oh, I'm so sorry, Marcus
Kate Bishop is the new Hawkeye (in the comics) hence the title is not just for Clint but for both of them and possibly him passing the torch to her.
Peacemaker seems like his kind of show so that will be a fun review
Sincerely hoping you decide to do a video JUST talking about and focusing on -The Mandalorian 2.5- _The Book of Boba Fett._ There's just SO MUCH material to get a video out of, and I would LOVE hearing an indepth breakdown of the scenes, the characters, and hearing your opinions.  Regarding Luke's voice; I am *genuinely* surprised that so many people are saying his voice sounded "bad". To me, (a casual viewer and NOT a fan of _Star Wars)_ he sounded fine. He sounded the way I remember him sounding in passing, i.e. anytime I would hear him in interviews, or see scenes from the original trilogy or the sequels) but my husband, who is a bonefide mega _Star Wars_ SUPER-FAN _immediately_ called foul and flatly declared (after mere _seconds_ of hearing the Luke Puppet's™ voice), _"That's NOT Mark Hamill."_ later on, we found out that it was actually an A.I., and I continue to be amazed at how people are able to hear the difference.
The Cosmonaut: I play leauge of Legends me: *instantly dislikes the video* me: grow up buddy seriously
This is hands down the best review of what Disney is doing with star wars by far! I loved this soo much and laughed my ass off! And I cannot wait for your peacemaker review!!! ✊🏻✊🏻🤙🏻🤙🏻
The nier automata music in the back, best thing of the video tbh
Kate and Clint are both Hawkeye that’s why it’s called “Hawkeye”
Really like the framing device for this video.
Watch and review euphoria with the goth girl
I didn't mind Lukes voice!
The Hawkeye and Bobafet shows were the most disapointing, backstabbing, and bland shows I've ever seen. And now I belive disney should have marvel or star wars taken away so they can focus on qualitly not quanitity. Personally, I would rather wait a year for each marvel/star wars show to come out then a new show every few months
Imma say it... I loved Solo, for me, It was really great. But it was freakin' botched my the last jedi disaster.
16:37 - No, I wanted Boba Fett to be about a ruthless sonuvabitch Mandalorian Bounty Hunter who gets scewed over and goes on a vengeance spree, and maybe develops aspirations of taking over the town. I wanted the show to be like some South Korean Revenge movie (but without the blood I guess because Disney). What I ended up getting was a high school theatre production of The Godfather.
I'm getting nakey jakey dark souls vibes here... SHOUT OUT!
AFTER YOUR DONE CHARGING REVIEW TALL GIRL 2
please react to tall girl 2
The thing that bothers me about the new Boba Fett is that he's made out to be kindhearted from the very beginning. There's no transition from being a cold, calculating badass to an honor-bound, benevolent ruler. From the time he gets captured by the Sandpeople and offers to help the Rodian, he's just Mr. Nice to everyone and that kills my interest in his character. He's a good guy from beginning to end. There's never any test of faith for him, to see whether he can stick to being clean. He's just offered up opportunity after opportunity to spare people instead of facing the consequences of keeping everyone who tries to kill him alive. That's just boring.
I’m telling you I CACKLED when it was revealed Imagine Dragons was an in universe band
Oh you'll like Peacemqker, it's really good
it probably takes a lot to do these videos, esp. the X-Men ones. we appreciate you and I love watching your content and hearing your opinions.
I love this format, call these types of vids Cosmonaut Pillow talk
I love how marcus name tbobf as mandalorian season 2.5 in the youtube timeline chapter 🗿
Solo is probably my favorite piece of Star Wars media
where's the bad batch
This is the first time I’m seen someone do an entire video horizontally and honestly I’m not mad about it
The scenes with Ahsoka in the Boba Fett and Mandalorian show are the best because there should basically just be a SHOW ABOUT HER...one of the best Jedi they just need more explanation and badass scenes about lmao.
Bob Fett in Mando season 2: "I will FUCK UP an entire platoon of stormtroopers" Boba in his own show: "....................."
Love the FF4 song choice
I really don’t get smiling friends, i watched it straight faced and i want to like it but i’m not sure when the jokes start or end
Lukes voice threw me off too
I think making Grogu choose between old Jedi ways and his friends is foolish. Idk if it was intentional or not, but they might be showing that Luke hasn't realized the reason he won was because of his attachments.
One day we will get one of these Star Wars shows as it’s own video
Vox machina?
At the risk of sounding like an idiot post finale... peacemaker is the greatest thing since sliced bread!
Bruh I could not get past episode 4 the fucking space mopeds we’re too much
Hey cosmonaut! I know you'll never see this but I would love for you to make a review for the Netflix Daredevil show, it is brutally underrated. (there are so many good things about the show)  It pains me that a show this good is something people (that I know of) have never watched. Please review it, I would sub to your patreon forever.   please Please PLEASE.
>Nier music *Grins like Jack Nicholson*
I watched Arcane before the hype, and without touching League of legends, and I think it’s ok. I love the look, and the brutal nature of the show. My main issue is that I don’t really feel anything for Jinx or vi. I think they work well in the context of the show, but I just don’t really feel like they were developed enough, it just cuts to them being adults. It would’ve been nice to at least see what shit they have been going through growing up.  I understand if they did show more of their backstory it would effect the story’s pacing, but still I would like to see their struggle before they become the people they are now so when they did meet again you feel the weight of it.  All in all I like the show and I’m interested to see where it goes, but I don’t think it’s as good as like “Happy!” Or something with the similar style.
Archive 81 is a great show
9:20-7:37-7:38-7:40  8:52-10:34-26:00-26:09
Can somebody PLEASE tell me where the music from the Hawkeye segment was from? It's on the tip of my brain and I can't remember for the life of me.
I actually had the opposite feeling with Boba Fett (I've only gotten up to 16.08). I became so bored from the Mando episodes because I never stuck with the series. I watched the first season, didn't bother with the second. And to be given a new series with a chance of a cool character getting depth was all I wanted. Instead I get the set up for another mandalorian season and a half baked """""""war""""""" which was nothing more than a small territory battle. I think it would have been interesting to have seen Boba Fett go from the sarlacc pit to him meshing into mando's timeline. that would have been a more character driven story. I loved the flash backs, I loved seeing the tusken raiders as a vulnerable indigenous group and not just some tyrants. But noooooooo we get annoying characters and fanfare for those throwing money at Favreau to get Grogu merch.
9:21-9:27-9:38
The reason they are cameos is because they know the Disney stans and Star Wars Stan’s will eat it up which I enjoyed seeing the characters but I agree 100%
no french dispatch?
Sebastian Stan as Luke please! I don’t understand why disney is so scared to recast new people as classic characters. I’m sure Mark and us fans would of been more happier tbh.   The book of boba fett was a huge disappointment. They had something in the very beginning but completely crushed they’re whole show the minute they showed Din  The rancor was wasted potential only to be predicted it was going to show up in the end.   The Bacta tank had more character development then Boba lol   Honestly i would of liked a recast on boba as well. Maybe a story on boba between a new hope and empire. Before he’s hired by Darth Vader
I was gonna be so mad if you didn't review liquorish pizza after teasing it
The book of cgi Luke
PLEASE, can you do a picture show on tall girl 2 it just came out🤨
I heard that dark souls outro, do a dark souls video
They did my boy Boba Dirty.
I'm tired of people telling me The Book of Boba Felt is a bad show! I enjoyed it. It got good reviews.  So what it had maybe a few to many flash backs, its only the first season! It wasn't perfect but what show ever is. I'm standing by this show!
This is such a chill video.  Loved it
Why couldnt we have sebastian stan as Luke. Why? Why??? The cg is too much
Ngl I absolutely hated Hawkeye. Call me dramatic, but it is the worst MCU content we've gotten since the Dark World. I hated every single thing. Hailee Steinfeld is not a good actress at all. It's probably my least favorite MCU product we've gotten.
This is video is ranked 43rd in trending on YouTube at the moment
Marcus laying in bed > The Book of Not Boba Fett
Kate Bishop is just as much Hawkeye as Miles Morales is Spider-man. There is absolutely nothing wrong about the Hawkeye show being about HAWKEYE!!!
I'm kind of surprised you liked "Licorice Pizza". It's a very "I wanna win an Oscar" kind of movie, but I can't get over the fact that its about a 25 YEAR OLD WOMAN and A CHILD falling in love.
I'm kind of feeling the same about Hawkeye, although I'm pretty sure it's called Hawkeye because it's kind of a torch handoff to Kate Bishop (new Hawkeye). But just kind of mediocre.
I still think they should’ve just cast Sebastian Stan as young Luke. No one would’ve complained
Man I absolutely hate how much desert shit we're STILL getting in Star Wars. Jakku is devoid of any unique traits and might as well be Tattooine. Did JJ Abrams forget that half of Phantom Menace already took place in a desert? The prequels were already nostalgia baiting enough but the sequels turned it to 11.
watch peacemaker
I don't like things because reasons 🥱
Please watch all of us are dead and review. You will love it!
do a review for tall girl 2
okay this was all great but what about Tall Girl 2?
Bad batch please review
Take breaks if you feel burnt out and want to! Take care of yourself and come back when ready.
Kate Bishop IS Hawkeye bruh, that’s like saying Sam Wilson isn’t Captain America
Did you make time to watch "Midnight Mass" if so I'd love to see at least a quickie on that
Arcane is so good man
Love the Nier Automata music selection!
Kate bishop is the new Hawkeye now i believe she will be taking on the name going forward based on the closing title on the last episode
Wake your a** up!!😂😂
Can we just get Luke out of the shows? I love Luke, but I really really wish we could just stop putting this weird Luke in the shows.
Marcus please do a cosmonaut picture show about tall girl 2
I enjoyed Hawkeye a fair amount, but more importantly... I enjoyed Jack, a lot.
That Evil Dead poster though. 🤘🏻
the worst thing about Luke in these shows is that there is absolutely no need for him. Instead of hiting us with this technology they could easily introduce a new jedi to the story
I really like this format of video. super relaxing
Review the daredevil tv show
You gotta do Tall Girl 2
Hawkeye is by far the best MCU show so far. It's well-written, has good characters and acting, and is just fun. Not to mention that the action is actually fun to watch and well-choreographed, unlike Falcon & Winter Soldier, or the big cgi clusterf* fights of Wandavision or the forgettable action of Loki.
Take care, look forward to seeing more reviews after the recharge 🙂
Honestly, I kinda admire Disney’s persistence with this Luke Skywalker effect, You’ve gotta admit, they are DEAD SET on getting this effect right and making it work, even though at the current moment there is definitely room for improvement.
Enjoyed the format, you could do a voiceover on a black screen and I'd watch it (though the algorithm would probably hate it). In fact, just talk over counterstrike surf footage. There we go. Ez.
Marcus proves his allegiance to the Dune fandom by hating anything that is robotic
Fake Luke sounds like an npc character in a game - there’s no “acting” to make the words come off the page and sell the scene. Same feeling Alexa and Siri gives. Just…. Monotone
We all know it was din jarin who found burnt Annie in the lava
Finally! I felt like I was the only one who felt that Luke’s voice was just off
Mandallorian
Come on you right on Boba cuz Boba sucked  but Hawkeye was wayyyy better then Mando. Fett season what ever was trash 70% of that show was
Legend of Vox Machina?
Luke Skywalker voice sounds like a N64 video game tutorial
This man is super generous with his scores when he's tired. I love it
The background music lmao
I dunno I think people legitimately do love deepfake Luke. He really needs a voice actor though they gotta quit it with this synthetic shit  Love that you gave Smiling Friends a shout out too that shit was hilarious
Congrats on trending Marcus!
I didn't mind the BoBF Luke stuff while watching it. I think they took more time to work around it and get the face right when it was shown, but it is fuckin weird that they didn't pay Mark Hamill to deliver some lines and just tweak them a bit.  100% they could have ended the show before Mando appears and then started Mandalorian season 3 there. The Boba Fett parts could easily have been released as a miniseries or a couple streaming exclusive movies.  Didn't bother me nearly as much the live action Cowboy Bebop, but still feels like a misappropriation of certain characters
Things I didn't expect to ever hear on this channel:  *Yordle Prostitution*  (Note: seeing this as an absolute win.)
2:27 is the whole writing philosphy behind Star Wars and Marvel now
Am I the only one who thought Arcane’s plot was really weak/cliche at times, I love the art style and the music choices but hated how they built some of the side characters and some of the dumb plot choices really drove me crazy. Everyone else though I’ve seen gives it a 9/10 while I would give it a 7 or a 6.5 out of 10.
I think BOBF would've benefitted a lot more from Cad Bane if he'd been introduced maybe halfway through. Think about it; you introduce Bane in ep 4 when the Pikes need muscle, and then he can be a recurring bad guy who gradually becomes more threatening throughout the last three episodes. Hell, you could even cut back to him fighting Boba's forces or showing up at least concurrent with Din's story in ep 5. Bane is legit one of the most conniving characters in all of Star Wars, and I think they missed a real opportunity to showcase that. I did like the fight he had with Boba in the end, but still.
Kate Bishop IS Hawkeye!! Clint is pretty content with his family and has been through enough emotional turmoil - there's no more interesting character development left for him other than to mentor.  Also, even if Hawkeye wasn't also Kate Bishop's handle - we don't play Legend of Zelda and are like "why am I following this Link guy?" Or read Rebecca and say "why isn't the dead wife the protagonist?" Tons of movies like My Neighbor Totaro or The Big Lebowski are about the main character's interactions with the titular character.  I like you, Marcus but that criticism of Hawkeye strikes me as particularly lazy.
I think Disney is treating these series as a proving ground for future tech with us all being the largest test subjects.
Kate Bishop is Hawkeye, check mate.
I feel like an insane person because everyone loves episodes of BoBF with Mando and Luke and are kinda meh on the whole show, while I absolutely hated those episodes but liked everything that that had to do with Boba and his wacky adventures.
Don't think I've ever consistently agreed with someones opinions more than in this video
I think Book of Boba Fett didn't do a good enough job with the crime lord stuff. I liked the idea of Boba taking Jabba's throne but I feel like the show didn't do enough to make me believe Boba as a crime boss. Most of what he's doing isn't crime he's just going around talking to people and constantly getting told that nobody is even scared of him. Like I get that he's trying to be a different kind of daimyo but if he's not going to do any actual crime, why would you base the show on him being a crime boss?
Can you Watch Tall girl 2?
The Luke Skywalker puppet sounds like it's straight out of Shenmue.
Loved the Tales of Symphonia music in the background during Licorice Pizza
Sad, but not surprised, that Marcus didn't like the Arcane soundtrack. The soundtrack is one of my favorite aspects of the show. It's been months since the show came out, and I'm still listening to the soundtrack. Personally, seeing Imagine Dragons animated into the show was amazing. I was wondering why he didn't upload a video on Arcane, but I'm glad it's just because Marcus is/was resting.
I’m sorry did you play Tales of Symphonia music while talking about how good Licorice Pizza is?? Be my friend
Its the kate bishop show because she is also hawkeye, there are two hawkeyes now and this is bishop's origin story
Arcane is super Solid. But man, I really don’t wanna hear Imagine Dragons do the Intro. Just give me some good fantasy music.
I love cosmonaut, I completely agree with what he said about arcane, but I'm pretty sure he did just describe "the three sections" of arcane as literally just "the beginning, middle, and
Blanky Mode Marcus Blanky Mode Marcus
Do the new demon slayer season review
The Luke voice is so weird! I hated it so much, Grogu was the only thing that got me through that episode
How odd. I read his sweatshirt in Mandarin first, thinking it was an approximation of "cosmonaut" (literally, "cosmos + person"), but in Japanese, it apparently means "alien", like "space alien". Fascinating.
why didn't you talk about bad batch?
It would be great if you keep on reviewing alternative films that you enjoy - I personally find it much more interesting 🙌🏻
If people really like real things then why are Groot and Rocket so popular? Why are anime characters so beloved? Seems kind of nitpicky to say it about one franchise but not the rest of them...
"Tales of Tatooine" would be a good name
I actually kind of respectfully disagree with a lot of the points you made about Hawkeye. I do agree that it's very low-stakes and that the story can be kind of meandering, but I thought we actually got to see a bit of a different side to Clint than we usually do. Typically in the movies, he's just the plucky comic relief of a sort, who always appears somewhat affable, but here, he was (understandably) a bit of an asshole sometimes, and it was interesting watching him handle his hearing loss and the whole Ronin situation. It's kind of weird, since I never really cared for Hawkeye's character before the show, but now I really like him--and, of course, Kate Bishop is wonderful in the show, as well
Hey Marcus, how come you just don’t hire an editor? Just concerned for your health :(
I am SO glad someone else noticed the problem with Luke's voice. I just thought it was a bad voice actor and was shocked when I found out it was a deepfake. Just hire Sebastian Stan already
Also the show shoulda been called the sands of tatooine
Yo marky, can we get a daredevil video where you break it down arc by arc. Thought the show was good but Elektra killed it for me
Loving this in bed format thing. Idk it makes the video comfy
18:48 I will forever wonder why they didn't just get Mark Hammill or a sound-alike to do a similar voice and then edit it a little the way they've done in the past in the animated shows and previous CG characters
Marcus, do you like the Witcher
ayo love the nier music in the hawkeye section
Arcane: awful licensed music. and the Australian voiced police officer sounded awful in every one of his scenes, like it was his first acting job or something.
Id LOOOOVE a full boba vid ngl
Do you think project L is going to be any good?
can they please expand upon luke and leia's story without digitally remaking mark hamill and carrie fisher? like I want more show content around them but at this point they need to just recast them instead of puppeting cgi luke and leia
peacemaker quicke
Lol this man really said mandolorian season 2.5( legend!)
Who are we? Why are we here? How are things going on in this world? For those who want to find answers is the audiobook "Darkness" by Mary Tower for free on youtube for free on channel Alla EngWorld.🤓🤓
One is caught up playing the impassioned protagonist in one’s Subjective Narrative of Self 🎈
Bro watch peacemaker when it’s finished bc it is some grade a tv
Talk about peacemaker
Tall girl 2?
Why the Hawkeye show wasn’t just about Clint’s time as Ronin is literally just beyond me.
You needa upload more
If this video was actually one take, unscripted reviews then that’s really dope.
Marcus being a league player is not at all surprising lol.
NICE VIDEO MARCUS UNFORTUNATELY I ONLY CARE ABOUT YOUR OPINION ON TALL GIRL 2 DO A PICTURE SHOW ON TALL GIRL 2
So weird to see an Evil Dead poster hanging in his room after watching his Sam Raimi Spider-Man reviews.
Loving the nier automata music
I'm watching the video on the same position as you and it feels like we are two nerd kids on a sleepover talking about nerd shit at 3am
what's the song that's playing while he's talking about The Book of Boba Fett?
I like cosmonaut Ketch up
Cate Bishop IS Hawkeye, thats the point. I swear cosmo’s mcu takes are so tone deaf and stupid.
Get up man you’re trending!
I really wanted to like Licorice Pizza, but MAN I cannot get over that ending I’m sorry I felt gross afterwards
Dude, keep watching Succession. I love it. I dont really get some of the hate it gets honestly
Great
Nice
Gg
Hearing Marcus ramble about how he would like Hawkeye more if it was named after Kate has really helped me in my journey to put a lot less weight into what YouTubers talk about because even when you’re going off their logic, they don’t make any sense.   Kate bishop’s super hero name is also Hawkeye.   In the same way that Wally west and barry Allen both just get to be the flash, both Kate and Clint are Hawkeye.  The show is already named after her. You just didn’t notice.
Stop copying NakeyJakey.
Is it really a surprise the cynical, exhausted, burnt out YouTuber plays League of Legends?
Quick point I wanna make. Boba Fett much like in legends, only became known as a cold blooded killer bc people felt duped after rotj and the writers were allowed free reign. I get that. But at the same time boba fett was so goofy and stupid in the movies like cmon.
I'll say it, Solo is one of the best star wars movies to come out recently. It not doing better is a crime!
Hawkeye started off mediocre but it got fire after that car chase sequence, you tripping dawg👎🏾.
Arcane is one of my favorite things I’ve ever seen and I know absolutely itching about LoL, it actually made me want to go play the game lmao
I hate league of legends. I try get over my opinions of it and give it another chance every 5 years or so. But it’s just sooooo terrible. Arcane though, fucking brilliant. Maximum quality!
You forgot Encanto
who tf sleeps in a hoodie
unexpected nier music
I dont like Arcane... or LoL... Ex was chinese and she always fought me when we played the game because she was toxic asf... The game changed who she was and she made me kneel in the rain at 1am till 4am because I was talking while we were playing... WTF
I think what would've been amazing to see from the book of boba fett is boba trying to live with the fact that he's a well known figure in the outer rim with a notorious reputation of killing and being a scummy backstabber whilst having to keep control of mos espa after having his mindset reformed from his time with the tuskens. Like imagine him having to gain the respect of the people and having order, doing tasks ranging from menial to large scale in order to create a better society thats slave free now that the hutts are gone. And to justify din being there we couldve had a moment where boba has been betrayed by someone in his ranks so he needs to ensure he can trust his men, so he brings in people like din, bossk, IG-88, Dengar, all these familiar faces to be bobas own personal higher ups. It would've been really cool to see all these guys eventually clash with cad bane and show off how badass he really is by going up against formidable foes we've already seen. Overall I just wanted more from the show.
damn, what is this music playing at the hawkeye part? Whre do I know this from? from FF or Crono Trigger?
Number 22 on trending, goddamn bro
Book of Boba is fucking awesome. Star Wars to me has been absolute ass. As a kid with 1-3 and even as a teen/young adult with the 7-9 and spin-offs. BIG STINKY ASS!!! Mando and Boba Fett are killing it compared to previous films. We honestly haven’t had a good Star Wars film (critically speaking) since before the year 2,000. Marcus, I love you brother. I’ve been listening and watching tour videos for years now. This is the first time I respectively disagree with you sir.  Ps. CGI and apparently robot voice Luke is honestly pretty impressive. (Mando was bad tho) but we have come a long way with cgi technology.
Kate bishop is also hawkeye so it wouldnt make sense to call the show kate bishop and hawkeye. Its more like a passing on the mantle
Have you seen the Bad Batch?
Cosmo have you checked out any of the Warhammer+ shows?
How did Marcus rate Boba Fett higher than Hawkeye? He said he enjoyed Hawkeye more… also I think part of the frustration about Hawkeye is just a misunderstanding. That show was never just about Jeremy Renner’s Hawkeye. Because Kate Bishop goes by the name “Hawkeye,” in the comics and at the end of the show, I always went into it thinking it was her show. I always thought it was a passing of the torch show so that Kate could take up the mantle. His other criticisms about the show are valid, but I don’t agree with that aspect.
The show is called Hawkeye because its about both Clint Barton (Hawkeye) and Kate Bishop (Hawkeye)'s origin story
I think I liked Hawkeye more than most people. I was in the mood for a nice, snacky, low-stakes adventure, and that's what I got. I'm happy with that. I've only watched three episodes of Book of Boba Fett so far, because the wife hates it and I have to work around that, but I audibly groaned when I heard Cad Bane was going to be in it. I really, really hate Cad Bane. I know that's kind of the point, but it works too well. If the show kills him off, preferably in the most horrific and/or humiliating manner imaginable, it'll automatically get a 10/10 from me. Though I think that's about as likely as Boba being revealed as Greedo's long lost cousin twice removed on his mother's side. I do hope we find out what book Boba's been reading though. My money's on Catcher in the Rye.
The square enix music makes me think you may have found time for Endwalker.
Ugh. I've watched 2 seasons of succession and just don't like it.  I dont get off on the rich fuck-head family being extra fuck-heady. Id rather watch an actual comedy
Some corrections: Kate Bishop is Hawkeye so the title is accurate. But yeah, the show was super underwhelming and the finale was terrible. Grogu is CGI a lot of the time but they make sure the CG version moves like a puppet doesn’t do anything the puppet couldn’t.
Marcus ASMR when
You owe me a Chess game Marcus. But seriously get some rest. You put out those x men videos and now this one. You earned it brother.
6/10 is generous for book of boba fett i think
Bro really just through the Nier soundtrack into the middle of this thing. Made me want to watch Hawkeye, but then realized I just want to replay Nier
Do some director rankings - e.g Tarantino/Nolan/Kubrick movies ranked  Would be good to hear about what you feel about some classics
I really like these videos in which you talk about a lot of different stuff. It's great to see this much "variety" since this is the cosmonaut "variety" hour, you know? idk if that makes sense
Boba Fett is probably just Disney being like “the actor who plays boba fett doesn’t want to do this anymore so we need to sell the idea that Mando is the new Boba Fett.”
Hey would you ever be down to make a video just talking about some of your favorite movies that you dont think get enough attention? I've been looking for some movies other than the lastest Disney blockbuster or a remake of an older story, and I feel like you have some good suggestions
NakeyJakey does marvel
Can't wait for Marcus to say he doesn't like Miles Morales Spiderman because he shares a superhero name with Peter Parker
what’s the background music during the hawkeye segment?
Arcane is giving clone wars vibes
league of legends fan, unsubscribed! :angry_face: :angry_face:
Luke sounds like the dubs of h&h in spanish, just go listen to it
11:43 In the comics, Kate Bishop goes by Hawkeye too
I LOVED they way they did Luke !   But I don't know about using that technology for dead actors.... Mark is Alive and seems to have no problem with It but doing this to Tarken..??   They should start recasting people. They ALREADY Recasted Han Solo AND Lando
It kinda sucks that BOBF doesn’t do much to justify this character’s popularity. If anything, this show just validated my opinions on the fact that Boba, as a character, just isn’t very interesting. Now that the long awaited Boba spin off is a reality, I guess he always will be a bore. The fact they basically quit on focusing on Boba’s story and went to Din’s story proves my point.   Sucks cause I think Temeura’s a good actor, and I like him in this role, he does a good job. Disney, what’re you doing wasting him?!
It’s an odd trend that I’m noticing now it seems Hawkeye or Boba Fett where they just avoid the main title characters as much as they can while 1/2 including them? It’s just weird to me. Not really hating, I haven’t seen Hawkeye but both shows seem to get similar criticism when it comes to excluding their title character intentionally or unintentionally. I don’t know, it interesting and odd
They really missed the mark by not casting Sebastian Stan as Luke
Oh hell yeah Nier Automata OST
Hawkeye was good, take that back!!!!!!!!! Lol
Get some sleep my guy
succession gets better each season
Star Wars has always been about pushing technology as far as possible, for better or worse (ie: whether the technology was ready or not). I'm not saying anyone has to like it, but it's an intrinsic part of the franchise.
"Arcane is probably the best show ive seen this year, 9.5/10" (30 seconds later) Succession season 1 10/10...
cosmonaut usually hates everything i love so its pretty funny that i completely agree with him on arcane, blasting pop music any time something serious happened was really silly
In defense of Hawkeye being named such despite being a Kate Bishop show, the series is about her becoming Hawkeye... like, Jeremy Renner is [most likely] stepping down from the mantle of Hawkeye, and Kate Bishop will just be Hawkeye now
Marcus plays league of legends. Therefore his opinion is no longer valid
thanks babe
The Tattoinne Tales
Do Demon Slayer Season2
They should make Star Wars like an anime The outer Rim: a Star Wars story. And different seasons are the shows they want to film just call it different seasons. Book of boba fett felt like a filler season
Does this mans sleep fully dressed and wearing a whole ass hoodie?
24:27 fucking hell, I came to a similar conclusion independently of this vid lmfao.   Disney really shot themselves in the foot due to their lack of planning leading to "the mandalorian" being the name of the first show they produced.   I feel they really needed to "christen" this mini era of post-empire star wars with a name, like "star wars the clone wars" did with the actual clone wars. It would have let them tell loads of stories, big and small, under a solid umbrella we all understand. No need to go full anthology like the clone wars,  but it's much easier to insert some "Mando" episodes in the "boba" arc if the season wasn't fucking called Book of Boba Fett. It's also going to be quite hard for normies to know how you need to watch Mando S1 and S2, boba Fett, then Mando S3 when there is no indication they are connected.
Disney is about to do the same thing with with Star Wars as they have with Marvel creating a Universe that has one stop crossovers and references, but time and space left for actuall story or new ideas And their future are dead actors they don´t have to pay anymore, just deepfake and be ready to go
So great to hear Nier music again :) Thanks for including it!
I really liked Hawkeye. It is not good. It's trash, but it is *my trash*
homie didn’t even get out of bed and got 350k views. legend
Sure does suck being a content creator :(
The Luke puppet isn’t bad at all lol it’s impressive, in my opinion
I’m glad you started with LP
I super into this laid back vibe, have some rest Marcy :).
Kate Is Hawkeye, too. Second one. Especially noted in the Old Man Logan comic. Both being Hawkeye, past and present, is probably the title queue. ‘See the relationship that develops the torch passing.’
BOBF… the fucking scooter kids. They didn’t look like they belonged in Star Wars, and especially didn’t look like they belonged on tattooine. Im supposed to believe someone on tattooine sells high fashion? And that these kids without jobs could afford it? Probably would’ve fit into cyberpunk. They made my husband and I cringe every time they were on screen and shattered our immersion. Especially since they rode brightly colored mopeds 😭
The music has me feeling like I'm in the queue for Splash Mountain
I really wish they’d dedicated those last 3 episodes to Boba instead of bringing back Din Djarin, what they were developing was really good and it feels like one of the reasons the Tusken Plot Thread gets dropped so fucking fast is because they wanted to have more time to develop Grogu and Din. The Tuskens really get this interesting new characterisation and culture to them and it would have been really cool if any of that tied into the finale (say if Freetown really hadn’t shown up, maybe even killing Cobb Vanth off outright to hit people in the feels, and instead it’s the Tuskens who save the day). I’m just kinda sad and angry that we may never get another season of this, and I just wish they would just have focused on Boba instead of marvelising Star Wars
Baby yoda often is fully cgi, the animators actually specifically aimed to make the cgi look fake in that it looked like a puppet audiences view it as more tangible
The fact that they got Mike Stoklasa is enough to immediately sell me on Smiling Friends.  Also, Kate Bishop IS Hawkeye. So... the name is accurate.  Finally, the fact that your only problem with BoBF is the name, says more about you than it does about this show.
Like a bantha
Bro, you should try to get an editor or someone to help you make your videos! Hate to see ya burnt out on something you clearly enjoy so much!
Why you no talk about Attack on Titan ever?
I like it when opponents just lie there after being thrown on a table instead of... you know, continuing to fight. That way you can really wind up and slice them in half... And what's up with shooting at the invincible jetpack over and over?
Star Wars :oscopy
1:40 Wait did you say FIFTEEN and twenty five?! I'm assuming they don't fall in love with each other, or there's a timeskip?
I love the energy in this video, please make more like it
This man really using Nier Automata Ambient Music. So much love Cosmo
I honestly loved Luke, I thought it was pretty seemless tbh
I love how Marcus went from yeah a movie is pretty good 7/10 to yeah it's pretty good 9.5/10
I'm kinda sad that so many 9s and 10s came out back to back with barely any delay now we have to wait in a sea of mediocrity until arcane 2 or some other shit  comes out, back to 4-7s I guess
Is... is it just me who doesn't get any of the uncanny valley stuff with Luke? Like, not the face, not the voice. I just thought it was an impressionist doing the voice. Maybe I'm just lacking that bit of my brain. idk. It all seemed perfect to me.
The nier automata music underneath, love it
It’s kinda neat how on the last CCU (catch up) he saw a comment calling it this title and just said yeah I like that, I’m taking it. Fan interaction between creator is always nice.
Licorice Pizza is really bad. PTA’s worst movie imo
Cosmonaut take as long as you need cause I’d rather have no videos for a while than you get completely burnt out and no videos at all
Who wanna be the homie to tell me the background music during the hawkeye segment
I was really expecting the Book of Boba Fett to lean heavily onto existing source material in the EU like the comics. Boba in the comics is a total badass, fights Darth Vader in a saber fight and outsmarts him. I think the reasoning for Boba to be different than that Boba is because Temura Morrison is old now lol but I will say him riding the rancor was pretty cool
Sebastian Stan is right there
The entire point of Hawkeye was to set Kate up as the new Hawkeye tho. That’s why it’s called Hawkeye.
I honestly thought they called it "The Book Of Boba Fett" to clarify that it's more like an intermission between seasons of Mandalorian. It was Mandalorian Season 2.5. And him becoming something else instead of "The Mandalorian, but old" felt like The Mandalorian taking over for him, because you're totally right, he is basically what we imagined Boba Fett to be. Don't know, that'S how it felt to me.
Those episodes following the mandalorian are better because dave filoni worked on those. The robert Rodriguez/Jon Favreau episodes suck ass.
You should talk more about stuff you like  if you feel like you can't. It's more interesting to see someone talk about something they like than something they don't like.
In my opinion Lukes voice was aight
I actually  got done with arcane and wanted to check out LoL. Then I watched a YouTube of game play and didn't even install it
You’re right , the show isn’t about Jeremey Renner. The show is about Hawkeye, both of them , The OG and the next Gen
She's 25 and he's 15? Wow.
Hawkeye is about BOTH the Hawkeyes. It doesn’t need to be called Kate Bishop because Kate is ALSO Hawkeye
hello
I want more of this. Longer videos with less editing.
this motherfucker really snuck in the dark souls souls of fire ambient music right as he went beddy by YEA OK marcus that was a GREAT CHOICE BECAUSE IT IS VERY CALMING
Can you do an anime video
I wish book of boba fett chilled w the mandalorian stuff(which i absolutely loved every second of) and expanded on his time with the tuskens  and cut the whole back and forth timeline bullshit  Usually when shows or movies do that its for a big reveal in the characters past flashbacks we disnt know But all we find out is the tuskens are dead   Are you kidding me? Crimelord boba was the worst part of the show His time w the tuskens was 10x more interesting than  the spykids and him looking for the mayor for 3 straight episodes It all felt so stagnant like boba fett doesnt have power,overall the worst part of book of bobafett was the main plot with him as a crimlors   The rest was fantastic
Engagement!
I would like the Book of Boba Fett just being about him getting out of the Sarlac Pitt and finding himself you know? And at the end of season 1 it could of gone to him finding the bounty hunter chick and them wanting to bring some sort of peace to the planet. Also I’m very exited for Mandalorian season 3, can’t wait for him to go on a journey of self discovery on a war torn planet. It could be like a post apocalyptic kinda show but in Mandalore and that would be so cool
I absolutely loved to hear Luke's voice again. Best thing about the whole show, I'd like to hear Luke's voice more.
Can someone please tell me the song in the background. It's so peaceful I love it.
At some point, would you consider checking out Reacher on Amazon Prime? It's based on a series of books, and I'd like someone's take that isn't as biased towards the books as I am
Kate bishop is Hawkeye tho. Don't like your line of reasoning about the "show should've been named hate bishop show" cuz she is Hawkeye. Kinda fuels the toxicity around the subject imo
unless im mistaken calling it hawkeye when its not about "hawkeye" we already know since kate will become the new hawkeye at least in the comics.
Flashbacks of Nakeyjakey's "How Dark Souls Saved Me" video.
I don’t care what anyone says I think the tech for fake actors is getting better and I really like it. Luke isn’t even my favorite character but I thought it was awesome to see him (better)
you’re lowkey my favorite youtube channel you be feeling the same way i feel about most of the stuff i watch.
Can u make a video or a quickie abt star wars bad batch?
Peacemaker is the best show of the year
sir why are you in my bed talking about movies
this is a big tangent but the way luke was done in the book of boba fett would make for a perfect "fae" or "faerie" character in a fantasy show - artificially beautiful, too perfect, unnatural uncanny valley effect by being not-quite-human but in an almost indiscernable way
Arcane good
I vividly remember the soundtrack playing at minute twelve can anyone pls help me and tell me what its called
Is there any way I could get an add on league? My teams looking for a fifth man! 😅
Take a rest Marcus, you deserve it! Although I wouldn't say no to more bedside videos like this
Didn’t think I’d start a video with Marcus in bed.
Gonna have to disagree with Din being what people thought Boba was. Specially based off all of the comments on the series in the past months lol people had a way more different image of what theyd thought he was. Nothing close to Din other than that they're both bounty hunters and they do some crazy shit for credits.
sleepy cosmo (:
He has a valid point about CG puppet Mark Hamill. I really wish they would have just recast the role with a lookalike actor. The VFX are just not up to snuff for this kind of thing, even today, and I wish studios would stop trying to pretend that they are. There is no shame in recasting a role.
Markie what your rank?
Is Smiling Friends from the creators of YOLO and Rick & Morty's Bushworld Adventure?
Bro if you're hating on Luke being apart of any Star Wars show then you're a movie critic, but not a star wars loving critic and that's fine.
I think Disney should have made the Mando show about Boba Fett escaping the sarlacc and then raising a youngling as his son, and the Boba Fett show about a guy called Din who becomes part of the Tusken Raider cult and ends up a crime boss. They essentially got it the wrong way round. Mando is doing what everyone wanted Boba to do, and Boba isn't really doing what people think Boba would go onto do, but what Mando could do. I think Disney is trying too much again and they're getting themselves tangled (put not intended) up in all the things they want to accomplish.
do bad batch
Don't worry Marcus, take a break as long as you need it !
Turn book of boba fett to tails of tattoine
Forknife
They made Luke’s face AND voice computer generated??? *“He’s more machine than man now”*
the weird tacked-on character moment between cad bane and boba at their duel made me realize we could have gotten a great show about boba realizing there are more ways to be a warrior and stepping out of the shadow of his father/bounty hunting by going up against bane. instead i have no idea what the book of boba fett is supposed to be about
Didn’t he do this exact same thing last year?
arcane is so good. i dont know shit about lol and went in for the artstyle lone, expecting it to be dumb. but it isnt. its good. cant wait for next season.
16:24 It’s not a mental picture, it’s exactly how Boba Fett was in legends and in the Original Trilogy. And the “development” in the show is reused from legends but shittier. He already had a code of honor despite doing morally ambiguous things
I KNEW SOMETHING WAS OFF ABOUT LUKE’S VOICE BUT SERIOUSLY WTF
Star Wars Episode X Rise of the Deepfakes
Dang it! Ya pranked me Mr. Cosmonaut!
smiling friends is like Gumball(TAWG) for adults
Why didnt they just use markhamil, who cares if he'd be old. It'd still be better that this.
Baby Yoda is fully CGI The puppet exists just to make people believe that they see a puppet on the screen
Love seeing Marcus just laying down and chatting feels so relaxed
mark hamill is alive and a voice actor... why don't they just let him do the voice
Marcus, are you aware of Tall Girl 2 being a thing you can watch right now?
Why do you keep calling him baby yoda when his name is grogu and it's a lightsaber not a lasersword
I didnt mind lukes voice cause i watched the german dub
3:43 sorry man *unsucribes*
Please do a cosmonaut picture show on Tall Girl 2 haha! I fucking loved yall first reaction for the first one 😂 😂 😂
Hawkeye aka    " we put the established cool male character and they get a quirky female sidekick to leech off the popularity because we love female centric comics but we still need to make money so we won't just give the female her own movie"   This strategy is also going to be in Dr strange 2
not me watchin yet another vid about someone's opinion about things i'll never watch because i find joy in nothing anymore LOL
I didn't really like Hawkeye either. First episode was great but every episode after that had pretty much the same shit in it.
You're Black?!
This is awkward
thnx marcus, have a good rest, see you next week
Hey do u have heard about fcking Kimetsu no Yaiba S2???
Tall girl season 2 is out FYI...looking forward to a video on that undoubtable masterpiece
kingpin was supposed to show up earlier in hawkeye :( which would give more backstory to maya and kazi and how kingpin kinda raised them, but the scenes got cut
In my opinion, book of boba fett should have been season 3 of the madalorian. The mandalorian doesn’t have to be din, they could do a season about Bo katan and her failure as ruler of mandalore.
Well, you fucked me because now I need the fucking background music you used when talking about Hawkeye, and I don't know name or where to find it. THANK YOU.
I don't know if we should normalise an underage 15 year old dating a 25 year old. Imagine if the roles were revered. This movie would be ripped apart by critics
I love this format very comfy!
pirates of the carabian next woud be great
You should go outside and touch some grass
Bro can someone please tell me the name of the song that starts playing at 14:51 I will love you forever
i love that marcus is just chilling in bed doing this video, it feels like we're at a sleepover :)
9:50 I know this is nitpicking and you're literally recording it in bed without a script and I appreciate that, but I think it's actually the animated Bilbo from the Hobbit cartoon (I'm sorry)
Hey Marcus don’t even trip take your time and don’t force yourself to keep pushing content out especially if you’re feeling burnt out. I appreciate the content but you’re still human big bro, it’s ok to take it slow.
Wait people don’t like iron as Hawkeye?
Yes plz make a video on Peacemaker after the season finale later this week, it’s worth watching for the opening credits alone, and I’m sure plenty of other people like me would love to hear your thoughts on it overall
the nier background music around 12:00 lol got me spooked...thought i left 2b on pause.
I kinda weirdly like this pillowtalk format. Never seen it before.
Do your thing man. Love your content when it comes. Quality over quantity dawgiee
Pissmaker
You haven't seen Attack On Titan final season yet... Wtf 🙃
Stop be honest, I think Obi Wan's show might not have any cameos outside of Darth Vader / Anakin, mainly because Obi Wan's show has so much hype regardless.  That said, someone is definitely appearing in that Andor show because "Hey, remember, they're making an Andor show!". It'll probably be Cal Kestis
*Softly leans over tucked in Cosmonaut in a loving fashion*  ”Have a pleasent nap Cosmonaut, and don’t you worry, we’ll be here when the little batteries are charged”.
Cozymonaut.
Bro I was lying in bed on my right side when I opened this video and had a little moment pretending we were having a little nap together
I guess some people are really sensitive to deepfake stuff. I really don't care at all. I think Luke's face and voice are fine. As good as they could be with current technology. It's like when I see a action movie and the explosion and bodies are fake. Who gives a shit, it's a movie...
please do more videos like this i love to look at you
Taking like a week long nap, huh? We call that hibernation.
I think this book of boba fett should have been a season 2; I would I preferred a season 1 of him continuing to be a bounty hunter, just absolutely fucking people up and getting revenge on a bunch of people like a John wick tv show, like he is going around to different planets, showing the underbelly of each then he starts to calm down and in season 2 try something new
It really felt like the original idea was that Boba Fett was going to be a comedy with Boba himself being this kind of bumbling dipshit who runs on swaggering bravado. Kind of like a Jack Burton/Ash Williams type. It would make a lot of what happen make more sense. Except Disney got cold feet and nixed the idea but no one could be bothered to change much about it.  That’s my theory and I will cling to it until my dying day.  Also fake Luke is a problem because the whole fucking concept is ghoulish.
I know this is not the standard video format, but i actually kind of like it
You should have waited one more week to add Peacemaker too.
Could we someday get a LOTR Analysis?
I never knew waking up to Marcus in bed was something I wanted till now
I'd say the whole point of just calling it Hawkeye is that they share the name and the show focuses on her ramping up to take on the role of Hawkeye. But yeah I agree that Clint didn't shine as directly but he does have some nice little moments
I like it when he talks about shit he likes. I'm tired of seeing this man complaining about the shit he don't like. :')
Cuh really layin down 🤣
Honestly that grogu n Luke training bit went way too fkn long. I get it, they're training, move the fuck on!
The Luke voice just doesn’t speak like a human being. The intonations are so robotic. He’s saying the right words but he isn’t saying them naturally.
In bed with Marcus... oh my...
no demon slayer?????
Din Djarin, Geralt and fanfic Boba are all what I like to call QCSSDG (Quiet Cerebral Super Soldier Demi-God)
'Arcane' hands down the best animated series of the year, regardless of some of the cringepop music.
I felt that the audio was strange for luke deepfake as well. It kind of felt like they just dropped the raw vocal audio, with like, no attempt to mix it to where it sounds like it's coming from where he is in his surroundings. Like, it was just straight up VO. That, combined with the fact that it's a deepfake and there's no way to not be aware that its fake, makes the scenes that should be most beautiful and powerful, story wise, feel kind of creepy.
while im glad to see a new video, i was personally more interested in the background music (rydia, wild arms, etc). take care of yourself brother. youre great.
You deserve a break, this was a nice change of pace ngl
Star Wars: Tales of Tatooine
I did not get licorice pizza at all
I didn't even notice the voice thing if I'm being honest.
Star Wars: oscopy
Basically make the f'n clones wars after return of the Jedi. A giant series full of mini arcs. Mini stories. Colliding into a big sections of years between 2 movies.
You should've watched Inside Job as well.
Kate bishop is Hawkeye
DEMON SLAYER
Nier soundtrack in the background? Love to see it.
What’s that song playing at 23 minutes? It’s so familiar but I just can’t figure it out
idc what anyone says. iloved hawkeye
Please talk about the new season of Euphoria. It’s hectic af.
Well when you watch the behind the scenes, Grogu is actually more often CGI than puppet. They use CGI to make it LOOK like a puppet so it feels more real. You really don't notice it because they do such a good job of it. He's only a real object when characters interact with him in some physical way. It's a cool version of CGI
First TV show Vocaloid. Miku is shaking
I'm genuinely curious about how much the name has to do with the hate for Book Of Boba Fett. Had it been called "The Book Of Mandalore" or "Book Of Bounties" or something that can refer to both Din and Boba.
10:49 NIER AUTOMATA MUSIC
Do.....do i hear Tales of symphonia??!!!! man i.... WOOHOO!!!!!
I don’t hate the fake luke but what I don’t understand is why is luke the only person they won’t recast as a younger person. Han Solo was recasted, Ahsoka, Anakin, Obi-Wan, etc. Why do they keep making a fake luke. Mark hamill doesn’t have to be the only person to play him. Sebastian Stan or another great actor could take his place and we could see a real performance. I hope they do that
Book of Boba Fett felt so promising with Chapter 2 and each episode just kept getting worse except Chapter 5. Which itself was very good but then Chapter 6 with Luke was just…so fucking bad. Just atrocious. Finale was so bland and full of some of the most uninspiring action. Star Wars has just become so fucking boring. There is nothing actually new being told and it’s just regurgitating the most bland bullshit for boomer fans. It’s so sad because it felt like for a brief moment a few years ago they were willing to do new things. It sucks.
the luke voice sounds like bad video game voice acting from a licensed game
So smiling friends is adult gumball? I’m sold
Everyone knew you played league man its obvious
watch euphoria
Hated Hawkeye as well
i missed you man! love your work!
You should watch euphoria
Always a good day when Marcus uploads
All the Marvel Disney+ shows have been very lackluster
I was so excited when I realized that they were trying to turn Boba Fett into Star Wars Conan the Barbarian until they decided to go back to Star Wars John Marston, aka the Mandalorian, and the show basically became Mandalorian season 2.5
2 things.  Who is Kate Bishop? Her comics are titled what? Hawkeye. The show ends with them literally saying “what’s my superhero name?” Then she title card pops up  ✨Hawkeye✨ she’s fucking Hawkeye. As for Luke.. they literally used Mark Hamill’s voice. This is also probably the best de-aging effect we’ve seen yet. C’mon guy.
Loved the video, take care and take your time :)
Laying in bed and seeing Marcus laying in his bed is a weird experience lmao
Arcane was also my favorite thing I’ve watched this year… well put, brother…
Arcane had no business being as good as it was , and that's coming from someone who plays League and despises every Netflix adaption 😂😂
To make Luke more real we need a range of emotion so it doesn’t sound like a computer. We need RAGE. We need to see him angry and shout so his voice changes from monotone.
Laser sword😭
Ok thank you! I’ll see you in a few months
Are you ever gonna talk about Netflix daredevil???
Vox Machina Vox Machina Vox Machina
Hawkeye was good until the MASSACRED my boy Kingpin. I can take the lack of violence but there's no reason to dumb him down to a stupid brute. Fisk has subtly than what we saw in Hawkeye.
11:24 You can't expect to play Nier Automata music think I wouldnt  notice.
suck session?!
They cut the best scenes of hawkeye from the show. Blame Marvel, not the writers
Damn I didn’t know that Marcus had aids cancer and Ebola I hope he gets better and stops plying league
NO ONE TALKS ABOUT THE FUCKING CREEPY AGE DIFFERENCE IN LICORICE PIZZA
I don’t agree with these reviews, he’s never satisfied
I fully agree with the shows being Star Wars: then the title
Baby Yoda isn't actually a puppet a good amount of the time he's full cgi. I don't know who else has already said it, but corridor digital did a vid talking about Baby Yoda specifically.
I feel SOOOOOO bad for u that people have been asking about ur videos... It must be such hard work to make more than 2 videos in a month while ur fans go to work day in and day out, earning that 40 hours a week. In the meantime, while u lay in bed, I'll be busting my ass to pay my bills this month. Get off ur ass and do ur job. This is what u chose to do. So quit acting like it's some monumental task and get on it. Classic gen z. Want the notoriety with minimal work. I don't discount what u have done in the past, but I can't tell my boss that I want to rest on what I did last month so I don't have to do shit this one. Quit being a beta and do something.
Watching Arcane was a total game-changer for me. I don’t play League, and I’ve had people compare League to hard drugs, so I don’t plan to start while I’m doing college, and I watched Arcane twice in a week. The animation made me want a show in this style based on shit like Overwatch and FFVII and shit.
The people in this comment section saying Arcane is one of the all time most amazing animated show are undervaluing it. It’s just an amazing show all around, I loved it
actually ill take cgi face over real actors. Han solo in solo isnt han solo to me, hes just a dude. Luke CGI is luke to me, he looks like mark hamill, and feels like luke skywalker.
5:58 what do you mean, “it’s hard to explain” you just explained it! The show is at its best when it’s showing you something, like without words and simply visually. Super simple to explain. Are you alright brother? You used to critique differently.
.
“Keep it brief” 11 minutes talking about it
wait its a movie about a 15 year old dating a 25 year old? Isn't that like really illegal? Why would someone make a movie about that unless it was a horror story?
Gonna watch that show after hearin mike stoklasa’s voice
Damn, I'll watch a movie with Haim in it.
Lying in bed with Marcus on Valentine's Day. Damn.
i love this style of video. marcus is a top 10 you tuber prove me wrong
peacemaker slaps
what's that Zelda song from the beginning?
You can’t follow “I’m going to be honest with you guys, I’m very burnt out”  With “I know I’ve only put out 2 videos in the past couple months”  It doesn’t make sense. It’s like saying, I know I’m the best at videos, but I really suck at making videos or I know it’s cloudy and rainy outside but the sun is really shining
RE: HAWKEYE. I think the title refers to KATE BISHOP, ^not^ Clint Barton. (In my mind anyway.)
cosmonaut lookin very cuddly 😍
wow the absolute amount of AUDACITY to be a channel with 1mil+ subs and uploading an entire video where you’re just talking while laying in bed all comfy LOL this is why you’re one of my favorites marcus, such an inspiration 💯
0:02 I’m going to be honest with you… oh boy, here comes the hatred from other people, just chill this is my critique, NOT HATING….I think you‘ve been legit lazy. I think you’ve put out some, either terrible, horrible, or mediocre videos. I think you don’t give a crap anymore. I think you’ve been extremely complacent and you’ve substituted that with excuses of being “burnt out.” You can’t be burnt out if you steady making 1 video a month or 1 video and 2 crap videos a month. Man, I am like one of your biggest fans and to see this out of you is super sad. You used to make quality, funny, and clever videos. I don’t understand what happened. The only thing that makes sense is “you got the bag and now you’re comfortable” and trust me I know the feeling; You wish it was like an acting career where you film and can take 6 months off. But that’s not the position you’re in, my friend. Let’s get UP, let’s get GOING, let’s hire some editors, so you don’t get “burnt out” anymore, and let’s make some BOMB videos!! Let’s calab with others, let’s Increase the quality, decrease the laziness and better the topics. You got this bro. Just Nike it!
Are you going to Frog Con 2022?
If you're looking for peak quality DC tv, watch Doom Patrol, Peacemaker, and Harley Quin's animated show. Loved each second of each show. Worth every minute
10:49 fortress of lies earns you 100000 points.
CG characters or not, Solo was better than Rogue One.
Peacemaker is a very solid show
I'm lying on bed watching Marcus lye in bed
wow you would steal the bed story telling thing from Nakey Jakey ;)
Arcane blew my mind. One of the most enjoyable things I've watched in a long time. Theres a "feel" I had watching it that I haven't had in years.
Just recast Luke jesus christ
The cgi luke doesn't bother me at all, zero complaints on the look from me
Anyone know the background music when he talks about Book of Boba Fett?
Can’t sneak that Nier Automata soundtrack past me, homie.
20:10 okay i fully agree with almost all ur book of boba criticisms but this one is just wrong. Eagly from peacemaker??
Yo bro… i love you
can someone tell me the music used in this video PLEASE
I’d love a chill video of Marcus just telling us about the upcoming movies he’s excited for.
Well, I'm sure others must've said it already but Kate Bishop IS Hawkeye  Kate Bishop has been Hawkeye while Clint I'd Hawkeye, and the David Aja comic the series was based off was about both Kate and Clint.
Ty for this, I haven’t watched any of this new stuff, I’ve just been rewatching it’s always sunny Philadelphia, breaking bad, and adventure time ._.
What about squid game?
Smiling friends was an acid trip
Have you seen Midnight Mass? My favorite show of 2021....
I liked Hawkeye as "The Kate Bishop Show" and think it's my favorite show so far.
That calm nier music gave me ptsd
did you not get that Hawkeye is a code name that gets passed on to Kate Bishop ? they are both hawkeye
Please do the Legend of Vox Machina!
Outside of Episode 5 which wasn't even the same show, BoB was one of the worst pieces of star wars content I've ever seen. Absolutely embarrassing. Glad I'm not the only one who wanted to take a shower after listening to Luke's "voice".
Luke Skywalker in The Book of Boba Fett is everything that he should've been in the sequels
Haven’t watched much cosmonaut as of late but I actually really liked this video format. Just a dude chilling in bed and talking about movies he’s watched lately
Anyone know the song at 10:35?
My biggest disappointment with Hawkeye is that we don't get his origin, or anything. I want to know who this version of Hawkeye is. Mainly, because in his first scene in Thor we see him in like a armory and his arm hovers over a gun before grabbing a bow, was that his first time using a bow?
Hawkeye to me definitely was more fun to watch episodes by episode than it would’ve been to binge
I respect your opinion so much that I will take you just laying in bed rambling for 1/2 an hour over nothing.
This is dumb but I hope he starts the next video waking up from his nap. Idk, I just find the idea of a week-long nap kinda funny.
I think Dave Faloni only wants to make 1 long good arc, and has to pad a season full of fluff. These are just clone wars seasons lol.
You should talk about the boondocks
Jokes on you. Discussing story telling about movies like “licorice pizza” is what’s me sane
I really really hope they take the clone Luke route. It will make sense.
Watch Peacemaker when it's fully out
Hi :)
Kingpin in Hawkeye was so cool.
watch tall girl 2
They really need to get Sebastian Stan on board to play young Luke. That would fix everything wrong with Luke!
Can you do Reacher on Amazon prime when you can 🤙🏽
These scores are way too high. Who are you? What have you done with my snarky YouTuber?
Love your vids keep up the good work
Holy crap
Thats so awesome that you actively play it
Take ya time bruh
The hawkeye show was made so marvel movies don't have to waste time on yelena and clint's emotions after the natasha death and how yelena became friends with hawkeye etc etc
League of legends
Man sleepy Marcus is really generous with the scores
Boba Fett was a good show overall. I think it’s because of the Mandalorian episodes… the Mandalorian episodes were awful episodes of Book of Boba Fett, but they were 10/10 Star Wars experiences IMO
I actually watch  BoBf in German so I didn’t know about the voice… but that makes everything even more creepy.  Just think about the fact that mark hamil and (even worse) Carrie Fischer sold their face ?
I think next years marvel Christmas special should be a spider man show called “Spider Man: Home Alone”
Do Matrix 4 plzzz
Will you talk about Legend of The Vox Machina?
I know your tired, but if you do a quickie on the first 2 seasons of the walking dead my life would be complete
I really like the framing device for this video. It feels like we're all at a slumber party with Marcus just listening to him go off on a stream of consciousness about various entertainment as we all collectively fall asleep.
If you didn't want to do this, you shouldn't have
I fear whatever cgi voice/face abomination they are going to pull in an Obi-Wan show.
Man after my own heart with that Evil Dead poster...
Absolutely agree with his take on Boba Fett Boba Fett is too passive as a protagonist to be a favorite
I really dig what you said about the Boba Fett show. Never thought about how mandolorian is simply the boba we know in a way. The cameos need to stop but they aren’t going to anytime soon. Also watching that segment made me genuinely sad of how much I loved fett episodes 1&2, but increasingly liked it less with each episode as they went on. Certainly there were some stellar moments throughout the show, though. It is too bad that they made Luke look that good but completely butcher the voice in a robotic, weird way.
"I actually play league of legends" Most disgusting sentence I've heard on this channel bar none. It's taking a great deal of effort not to just unsubscribe right now out of principle.
The first thing I noticed was that he has an Evil Dead poster in the background
Attack on Titan?
Are you really getting complaints about people waiting for videos? You put out quality content song sweat it
Do Pam and Tommy
Yeah. Our simp, give us more glorious content
I hope he reviews Young Justice someday. I’d like to know his thoughts on that show.
"I play league of legends" I am so, so sorry
This is the comfiest video yet
do u like valorant marcus
1 million subs and no videos…. Bruh
I stg if they turn the obi-wan show into just more fan service I’ll be so upset
The videos only get better.
Free guy? Tf
HECK YOU ARE FINE
I am so glad that someone else realized how creepy Luke's voice sounds. The tone and pitch does sound like Mark Hamill, but the inflection and cadence is completely off. It was like an actor who didn't understand their stage direction.
whattt hawkeye was one of my favorite shows in 2021
Markus has returned when we needed him the most, tall girl 2 is out, I demand a cosmonaut picture show xD
Get right with the lord Jesus Christ before it’s too late repent and put ur faith in Christ. Jesus Christ died on the cross for our sins and risen on the third day he’s the only way to salvation John 14:6 John 3:36 John 3:16 Romans 10:9..,
Love this camera angle
My issue with Bane showing up is that there’s zero buildup, they never mentioned him in previous episodes. And Unless you watched clone wars then you would know who Bane is. But here the other thing that fucks with me in the their fight. How the hell would I or anyone watching know about the history between them. Bane and Boba were never seen interacting in the clone wars show. The only way you would know is if you knew about the lost episodes which incomplete.
If they just did one Star Wars semi-anthology show without one overarching focus, where some episodes were about Mando, some were about Boba Fett, some were about Ashoka, and a lot would be about other various new or returning side characters going on sometimes self contained and sometimes interconnected adventures set between episode 6-7 it could be really great. Clone Wars type shit. They could satisfy fanboys by doing stories with franchise characters like Luke and Ashoka, new characters that slot in with the Star Wars world as we know it, like The Mandalorian, and the anthology style would give them room to do some really weird, experimental one-offs. It would also be great to flesh out the worldbuilding of sequel era star wars. I'm not a sequel hater at all, but I think they could really benefit from the TCW treatment. I don't need a sequel cameo farm, but some more galactic context would be great for those movies. I wish you'd never put that idea in my head because having one good show sounds way better than having a dozen bloated unfocused shows that all bows that all show those flashes of greatness but end up bleeding into eachother.
Wait what the fuck? When the hell did this channel hit a mil? I thought he still had like 100k.
I mean.. Kate Bishop is now Hawkeye
Book of boba fett is just marvel but with a Star Wars skin. Same with Mando season 2. I didn’t like that. People like it, so expect more marvel without it being called marvel.
Ok but what if Luke puppet turns out to be luuke?
I wonder if Cosmonaut has watched the Nakey Jakey’s “Dark Souls saved me” video
One major problem I had with BoBF is Din and Grogu's reunion  That reunion should have happened in Mandalorian s3, not in Boba's series  They spent 2 whole seasons building up the bond between those two, leading up to their tragic goodbye to each other. But here the reunion came outta nowhere and only happened within 2 episodes. It just doesn't feel right at all.
I'm glad you at least agree that the Tusken parts are good. figured you'd have a whole thing about his first flashback which is like 5-10 minutes of just visual story telling but I do understand why that wasn't the front of you mind
So happy to see everyone enjoying Smiling friends. Pumped for season 2.
I think we got a few new things from Clint: 1.  His injuries from fighting as an Avenger for so long. The hearing loss and his tuning out the world to escape from his fame and past always shoved in his face 2. PTSD from Natasha's death 4. That MCU Clint makes his own arrows, can use other projectiles just as skillfully as his arrows, and can use melee weapons ( as seen at the LARP) 5. The "Thanos was Right" graffiti: it surprised me that he considered it. He saw the reason, even with his family having been erased. Maybe because either way he lost loved ones. I don't know, that was a cool little moment 6. Clint as a mentor  Also, the show being called Hawkeye includes both Clint and Kate. She is taking up the Hawkeye moniker in the next phases.
Didn't like Hawkeye so I agree there, though might I say - Kate Bishop IS Hawkeye, I think that was the point (at least partially)
Marcus your probably right about some scenes being improv, Zach Hadel (Charlie) is a main member of oney plays couch let’s play channel and he does a great job bouncing off of everyone else and improvising and taking a joke into an unexpected conclusion.
I know this probably doesnt matter, but it's called Hawkeye because both Clint and Kate are Hawkeye. It's a passing of the torch show.
I wish book of Boba Fett began where it did in present but start when he was really young, build the relationship with Jango and reinforce the family concept, then show his fall into vengeance/evil when Windu killed Jango. Then show Cad Bane taking advantage of that when he was first becoming a bounty hunter, maybe do that whole scraped arc from Clone Wars. Put it on Tatooine, Cad Bane kills a tusken or 2 and turns Boba against him, have the shoot out where both are shot and Cad Bane is presumed dead and Boba gets the dent in his helmet. Then flash backs goes to the sarlac and tuskens, just shorten them a little bit. And have Cad Bane kill the tuskens for the pykes and really rub it in Boba’s face in the finale. A Black Krrsantan and Bossk rivalry would’ve been cool, drop the modder or make them less goofy. Structure the present as a mobster movie where Boba grows into his role as a mobster by remembering is past. Also Mando could’ve just shown up after Fenic said “I might know someone.” And his themed played. A finale where Boba was prepared for the families betrayal and had everyone ready and killed quick before the pykes knew what was going on and a final shoot out between the people of Freetown, and the bounty hunters vs the pyke soldiers and droids to send a message to the rest of the underworld that Boba is a force to be reckoned with and earn respect. Rancor was cool, and the entire train flashbacks was perfect, Boba being smart and merciful to shown when being a crime boss, too evil breeds treachery and too good doesn’t keep people in line. Also, just once he could’ve said “Congratulations, you just made this personal.”
Mario 64 sleepy time music is so pure  TAKE IT EASY MARCO
Lmao if you don’t wanna be a youtuber anymore just say that
tbh, for the first 5 min I thought they had casted a young Mark Hamil lookalike
man really dropped a whole video in bed , respect
Anyone got the sudden urge to listen to the metal gear revengeance song that has "there will be blood" in the lyrics? Just me?
I said the same thing about Bobafett. The Mandalorian is just a better Boba and personally I don't really care for "good guy" Boba Fett.
Vox Machina is actually pretty okay, should check it out
About Hawkeye there where alot deleted scenes about Clint origin (as a kid) , echo, kingpin (he was since episode 3), kate and kate's mom But they remove them to make hype for No way Home, IMO that ruined Hawkeye, might not be a Master piece But it would have been better
Luke’s voice is like the ugly voice acting in old videogames
I'ma be real about Hawkeye, it is my favorite, because I can turn my brain off easily and just enjoy it
the thumbnail is all Fortnite characters LOL
Wait how old r you I thought u were in high school
10:49 Cosmonaut’s a NieR fan? 👀
It felt like when BOBF diverted to Mando it’s like “God this show is doing terribly quick let’s air some Mando season 3 episodes early”. I gotta wonder if they were always planning to have Grogu return to his dad or they realized that nobody would watch the show if Grogu was absent. At this rate Ahsoka is probably gonna end up being Mandalorian 3.5.
The Book of Boba Fett just isn’t captivating to me. I think Temuera Morrison is too old for the role, and Boba Fett was ruined way back in 2002. He’s no longer mysterious or cool. He should be a bounty hunter, smuggler, criminal mastermind, not an ant-hero or hero. Also, the campy tone of Mandalorian works very well for the Mandalorian because it doesn’t take itself seriously. I watched the Mandalorian episodes, but the rest of the series didn’t interest me.
You have the worst reviews for everything yet I can't stop watching. You're wrong about everything yet I can't stop watching. What kind of hold do you have on us?!!?
I’d rather they had used a younger actor for Boba Fett. He’s supposed to be in his late thirties and it just changes the energy when it’s a man who is almost 60. No disrespect to the actor, who is great. It  just sidelines the character more because he’s less like a guy who is a peer of the Mandalorian and now his mentor figure.
Hawkeye is basically the same as Black Widow. They’re both interesting characters conceptually but they just never really worked for me. Both Nat’s movie and Clint’s show are mid tier MCU stuff that are about them training their replacements that are way more compelling and interesting.
"This kid's kinda givin me Philip Seymour Hoffman vibes"
The best thing in Boba Fett was Cad Bane. He looked fucking terrifying and was pretty much perfect. And then he died.   2/10 don't @me
I know Cosmonaut hasn't watched Peacemaker yet, but imagine if they sidelined Peacemaker and put in Batman for like two episodes. It would have ruined the show, and granted the season finale hasn't come out yet but I have really enjoyed it for what it is so far. Would be worse if it tried to be more than it is or tried to tie into another show, it makes itself a standalone despite being connected to a whole universe (in shambles, but still). Weird that something as simple as a name change would change the impact and feelings toward both Hawkeye and BoBF.
I like the evil dead poster
But Kate Bishop is also  Hawkeye. That's why Hawkeye is a better name than Kate Bishop.
They completely dropped the ball with King Pin, I was so fucking disappointed with how they handled him. The show was so boring, and things just randomly happened, and then it ended... and I was left like "That's it?"
Bro Marcus is such a Chad
hey bro don't get cooked on "needing" to make videos, you gotta keep up the quality! don't worry about the quantity. Quickies aren't a problem at all!
Cosmonaut is Mr. Plinketts long lost son
when i read reactions of licorice pizza i felt like the people missed the point or are trying to fit a genre into the movie where it doesn't fit. Or the strangest criticism was that "nothing happens"  Uh?
That boy marcus is back 🐐🐐
I actually enjoyed hawkeye more than i did wanda vision, and bucky and falcon. I liked it for being just a chill show.
I know I'm the minority, but I liked the solo movie and the new Star Wars stuff. Though I think it's cause I'm not as blinded by nostalgia for it.  Like I had never seen the movies all the way though. I had seen empire and the first two prequel movies and bits and pieces of clone wars both the movie and the show. For most of my life I really didn't watch or see or even play with Star Wars stuff. So I don't really have a set standard for what the perfect Star Wars thing is per say ( Though favorite wars movie us probably force awakens). I'm currently making my way though rebels and am about halfway done and I haven't seen visions or the Boba fett show. Like I'm enjoying it, but I also feel like people need to calm down about the movie about space Wizard ninja samurai priests and not hold the lore of Star wars as so sacred. I mean yeah there are dumb stuff like the Jedi being a blood thing and the hyperspace missle stuff, but there are also cool things like the black saber and the clone Wars show. Idk I feel like Star Wars kinda has a mixed bag of quality cause it's been going for so long. It's like power rangers/sentai, doctors who, and any long running franchise, you got some stinkers, but you also got some gems too.
Wait though, you've spent two months just editing two videos? I know they were decently long videos, but fuck man. I think it's time you hire an editor.
I really wish disney would stop sidelining the main characters in these shows.  It's honestly infuriating.
so far peacemaker has been my favorite super hero show hands down no contest.
yoooo the nier automata music??? nice touch
Ok Hawkeye is meant to transition from Clint Barton to Kate Bishop. They could've made it better though.
Dude needs to stop complaining and Put out content. Imagine animators
The way you’ve got two more seasons of succession to watch 🥵
I honestly thought Luke was someone doing a bad Mark Hamill impression. Somehow the reality was worse
on the fake Skywalker thing. more than just using that stuff for a villain, i want it to get used for an invasion of the body snatchers or android/ai shit
Boba spent about 5 years with the tuskens. Its canon that boba spent 3 days in the sarlacc and bobf and mando take place 5 years after Jedi, so unless boba spent like a few years frolicking around without his armor after he gets the slave 1 back, he was with the tuskens for 5 years
i heckin love arcane
Great vid marcus, wasn't expecting this and it was a pleasant surprise. Also I'd recognize fortress of lies anywhere :) Hopefully you don't get striked for it tho lmao
please do a peacemaker video
I genuinely like when they use an actor for old3r characters, there is an actor who looks like mark Hamil why not use him?
TALL GIRL 2
5:43. Ekko vs Jinx fight scene is one of the coolest, artistic, meaningful fight scene I've watch in a long time. That shit gave me goosebumps
arcane pushed me to the edge and then the project l trailers pushed me over. I downloaded leage for the first time after saying I never would. I failed  robot mark hamill legit sounded like a bioware character  luke skywalker existing in the mandalorian shows makes the new characters less interesting because they're now footnotes in his story. I like so see lazer sword go swish swoosh, but I don't think I need anymore right now  despite its many flaws I liked hawkeye alot, kingpin didn't need to be in the show or should have been in it for longer  arcane, licorice pizza, and smiling friends good
Kind of wished he talked about Star Wars: Visions, especially since he vented his issues with SW and talked how much he appreciates Animation. I think Visions perfectly addresses both.
10:35 I see you sneaking some NieR: Automata “Fortress of Lies”
yo you really just be hatin on the MCU but I had an amazing time with Hawkeye….and bruh just having king pin in MCU was enough for everyone to get excited like we don’t need him to do anything except be kingpin lol
I disagree...Lukes voice is spot on...its the creepy way the lines are delivered that is off...but it sounds just like Hamill to me...
Marcus could be a model in toothpaste ads
what a cutie
Smiling Friends at a 9 AND an Evil Dead poster? I somehow love this channel even more now
Marcus it’s called Hawkeye cause she’s Hawkeye
Honestly, there has never been a time I almost fully agreed with you, until now.  I usually watch you for more of an 'opposite' opinion on things that my own, but everything you said in this video has almost perfectly lined up with what I think on the shows you talked about (At least that I've seen, which is 80% of the things you talked about)
We still fuck with this style of video
Had to skip the licorice pizza part — not because I didn’t like that you reviewed it but because I haven’t seen it yet 😭
Good for u for doing this whole video in your bed lol, also the last peacemaker episode comes out on the 17th It's shocking how much they get away with
3:33 Unsubbed.    joke
Firelink shrine music at the end caught me off guard for sure
Kate bitshop and Clint share Hawkeye.it’s shown in end credit scene.
Are you gonna watch Tall Girl 2?
I thought Hawkeye was pretty fun, but it felt a bit like wasted potential. I feel like they didn’t expand on his character as much as I wanted them to. Not to say that they didn’t - I just thought there would be more about Clint’s personality, the consequences of being Ronin for 5 years, and him talking about his grief. It just didn’t expand on him very much.  I thought the title Hawkeye was pretty good because they’re both Hawkeye in a way. Episode three was the absolute best
I really love your reviews!
it’s named hawkeye after both of them not just him. i disagree tho i think u see clint in a new light as he teaches kate bishop. but yes i think king pin was useless just a cameo basically
You should watch ted lasso, it'll make you feel better
Is it controversial to like Jeremy Renner as Hawkeye?? I like him a lot in this role!!
This video was so calming I love it
What a genius, he figured out a way to give all his dialog while lying in bed.
Okay but like Tall Girl 2 when?
23:31 personally, I think cad bane was just to show that they are doing him in live action. And although that sucks he has this really cool introduction, and then does nothing. But, the beeping obviously indicates he is still alive, and him being filonis favorite character I think he is going to show up in a lot more stuff. Hopefully even his own show.
Bro Hawkeye isn't about Clint. It's about Kate. Shes taking up the mantle of Hawkeye. Kate is the main character.
was so excited for a Cosmonaut video, and then you started complimenting Licorice Pizza and not mentioning any of the things wrong with this film and I'm out
Evil dead poster 🤘🏼
Can... Can you timestamp the songs?
Ayo he got an evil dead poster just like me
Please make videos about whatever makes you happy. Yeah popular stuff is nice but what makes me happy is seeing things you're passionate about. So take your time. Rest your batteries. Just do whatever makes you happy, dude.
Book of boba was shit 3/10
AYO EVIL DEAD POSTER?? Hell yeah man
EXTREAMELY HOT TAKE: Hawkeye was the best of the marvel character shows last year.
was the bed thing influenced by bo burnham?
I see you with your tales of symphonia background music
Marcus please start doing anime reviews. Speed run rate: aot, vinland saga, and loads more
love the use of wild arms music
I'm not saying this to like vent at you or anything. But Kate Bishop being the main character makes sense because she is Hawkeye also. The show very much set ups them as both a duo and her taking on his legacy. So I personally felt Kate being a big part of the show made a lot of sense. She has equal claim of that name as Clint. At least in my opinion
Seasons 2 and 3 of succession are phenomenal
what is the background music here
I maintain that having Cal Kestis from Jedi Fallen Order being the Jedi who trained Grogu would be the coolest shit ever. Why did they go for Luke when they had to deepfake and spend a whole bunch of money on something that is STILL BAD????
I honestly kinda like this loose kind of video! It wouldn’t mind seeing more Catch-up style videos, like a compilation of short Cosmonaut quickies
They had no idea what to do with Boba Fett... The EXACT same people who wrote about young Boba Fett
Honestly I think you rated Boba too high. It's just...bad. A few cool moments but no story, no character no style. There was barely anything to grab unto, and in the end it turned into the cameo bullshit Disney is obsessed with these days.  I don't want to watch the shows that are just showering me with nostalgia bait over substance.    And Dave Filoni just really wants to put his child Ahsoka in everything. I mean I get it but it was fine once, but she just didn't need to be in this one    And don't let me get started on the Boba Fett himself, his character was so weak in his own show.
This format reminds me of that nakeyjakey dark souls video
Did you watch wheel of time? would love if you reviewed that
I do like how Star Wars is taking a western turn, It really feels like Star Wars
Diggin the Nier: Automata menu music while talking about Hawkeye XD
THEY MADE A TALL GIRL TWO WTF
Look man I just can't focus on your shit if you start playing nier automata music. Imma just lose myself in those sooting tones
I feel like you stole this side-bed style from Nakeyjakey. Any other Youtuber I wouldn't have made that assumption, but I've noticed you steal jokes from people before. Tread softly, Cosmo
have a good nap markie
Great vid but I just have to point this out. Kate Bishop is Hawkeye. She is still Hawkeye.
I am drunks but cosmonaut got me going
I agree that it wasn't a good voice for Luke, but not because of what you said (I actually believed it was a real human voice), and yes because I though it would be the actor who did the mocap scenes' fault. It just sounds like a bad actor was trying to imitate Mark Hamill's voice and forgot to really act.
Do tall girl 2
Bro plays league damn gotta unsub
They kind of screwed the Boba Fett series off the hop by having him become the 'king' of Mos Espa, because the audience is going to have an insanely hard time rooting for a crime boss. So to account for that, they have to make him 'good' and someone who 'rules with respect' which just ends up making him suck at his new role. He doesn't hire enough muscle, he doesn't deal with the lower bosses properly, he doesn't make enough show of forces, etc. So the finale ends up just being "yeah Boba sucks at ruling but he's still good at fighting!" which we already knew and robs him of any meaningful character development.   If you want Boba to go from evil to honorable, then you have to give him a role that is actually honorable.
How could you be in a sweatshirt, hood up, under a comforter in Florida. I'd get it if you lived up north, but I'd literally be dying of heat exhaustion
Sleep tight, Marcus xx
I hope you make more reviews of non-blockbusters in the future !
"imma try to keep it breif" talks about boba fett for 12 minutes
Thank you I also sleep in a sweater
3:33 unsubbed
Boba Fett was disappointing. Besides it becoming a Mando show in the last couple of episodes, I didn’t care how they sort of tried to reframe Boba - kinda feels like how Disney’s been doing their “villain” movies like Maleficient and Cruela. I don’t care for it. Let him be the badass we expect him to be. That’s where Mando shines, is when he’s being a badass   Tho I love Luke, the truth is I love Hamill’s Luke, not the knock-off we’ve been getting. Friggin fake Luke… FLUKE !!!
❤
hearing that marcus plays that much league has made me lose respect for his opinion.
When the series started, I thought Boba’s bacta tank dreams about his time with the Tusken tribe would extend throughout the entirety of the series, building up his backstory as we also see his current struggles. It might have helped explain Boba’s fairly sudden change in character, but nope, they slaughtered them so fast that even General Custer would be jealous. I think it was the biggest misstep with the entire series because those were easily the best parts of the show that actually involved the titular character.
If y'all wouldn't love a fully cgi baby Yoda then explain baby Groot because y'all wouldn't shut up about baby Groot for like 2 years
This video was great. I'd love to see more rapid reviews.
.......does he not know "Hawkeye" is also Kate Bishop??
Hawkeye was definitely the best of the MCU shows in my opinion
Zach Hadel is a fucking god among us
I really liked this video format. Idk if this was scripted, but it felt like just having conversation with someone about some new movies and shows.
This vid reminds me of Nakey Jakeys Dark Souls vid. Comfy
Omg is that rydia's theme okay
Are we gonna see a picture show episode on Tall girl 2: The re-tall-ening?
Nah bro hawkeye was fun
Mark: seeing fake luke swinging around gives him nostalgia.   Me: Vietnam flashbacks
I really like low-key Marcus
Only good thing about Hawkeye is Hailee steinfeld. She's adorable as all hell.
I spy Firelink Shrine ost
I think the biggest problem with the cgi Luke is that his voice has no emotion to it. Like every line is delivered in the exact same monotone level that it enhances the uncanny valley.
Hit Monkey would've been a 10 if included
I god damn love this man.
Am I the only one not bothered by Luke’s face or voice in any way? I didn’t even realize the voice was synthesized until I was told so, and even still it sounds fine to me.
I would really like some dnd and/or warhammer stuff since I'm lacking that in my life
Dude. Your ost is the same as mine lol.
bad batch! whats about bad batch? Did you like it? I thought it was really boring
brooo youre right the song youre thinking of is "dynasties and dystopia" that song goes soo hard in arcane
Go watch Yellowjackets immediately
Kate Bishop also goes by Hawkeye so the show still about Hawkeye
Love the new format
Watch Peacemaker you'll like it ☮️✌️🧜‍♂️
20:05 *ahem* Porgs
They recently announced the actor that'll be replacing Luke in future appearances. No more Uncanny Luke 😌
Hawkeye was a boring waste of the Matt Fraction run
Amazing video Marcus loved how chill it was. Never feel bad about not having a lot of videos, I think sometimes it's about the quality not the quantity and when you see those big boy videos like the xmen videos your passion and hard work shines through. Take it easy :)
yeah yeah i love arcane and everything but can i say how hearing rydia's theme in the bg just punched me right in the heart for no reason at all
Really wanted to hear your opinions on The Green Knight
:)
imma just take seeing him giving away 9's as him just being too tired to nitpick at this point lol
Hey Marcus just a little quickie question, any news on the podcast episodes, don’t mean to bother just curious?
It’d be cool to hear more about succession in the future. A near perfect show
Watch Invincible
Really hoping Obi-Wan and Ashoka don't have tie ins. I know they most liekly will but a standalone would be great
Seeing how Kate Bishop is "Hawkeye" too, the title technically works!
Long time fan here. Just some friendly advise LOL was and is still very toxic. Might help with your batteries charging.
is this what being marcus' gf is like
Why don't you do all your videos in your bed
He should do his reviews in bed more often and change his name to Cozynaut lol! This is very nice!
Is that Tales of Symphonia music I faintly hear?
I would be very down for seeing you do more weird or oscar type movies. Maybe see some original stuff that I wouldn't know about otherwise.
i dunno why but i kinda enjoyed the mark hamill deepfake voice in a way? i think it sounded fine since the jedi master version of this character is more subdued and relaxed compared to the energetic naive kid he was in his movies, like you can tell his energy is a lot more matured compared to how he was in New Hope and whatnot i suppose. i get how it seems uncanny though, i guess my mind jus kinda ignored it cus i thought it sounded fine
my only issue with Arkane is Jynx is half well written character, half extremely poorly used plot device just thrown into scenes out of nowhere to shake the plot up
One of Marcus' main hang-ups with Hawkeye seems to be that the show is called Hawkeye while focusing on Kate. But Kate is also Hawkeye. The show is basically the story of Clint passing the mantle. Tony Stark doesn't name himself Iron Man until the last line of the movie, but you don't get mad that it's not called Tony Stark. I guess you could call the show "Hawkeyes" and be more accurate, but that would be a strange choice.
He plays league of legends, I think I’ve lost the will to live…😢
Watching this on my commute to work and I'm so envious of Marcus just lying in bed all comfy and sleepy
the dark souls menu music at the end lmao
Wow! A recent video from Cosmonaut?!? No waayy!! There’s no way this consistency of posts won’t be interrupted by months worth of a hiatus. That’s highly improbable! Right?!?
He plays league? Might have to unsub :(
So Disney for the Book of Boba Fett used 15.ai, what the fu-
Man the cadence in your voice sounds exactly like a girl I use to date
he's gonna pop up with an attack on titan video :v
Idk but this has been one of the videos I’ve enjoyed the most
Feels like me and Marcus are in a 2 bed hotel, and he just woke up and started talking.
this was such a chill and comforting video i hope u get to relax and chill more this year marcus !!!!!!
You editing is hilarious but your voiceover is so good that this is also great! Just know your editing is appreciated!
I think the title Hawkeye is meant to apply to both Clint and Kate.
Can’t explain it but you can hear the league pain in his voice
Fun fact: Talking about movies you enjoy or good movies/shows in general is pretty based and Marcus should try it more often
Not an expert on voice engineering (if that’s what’s called) but couldn’t they get Mark to record the voice for young Luke and THEN they’d get his voice “cleaned up” “crispy” to sound younger?!
Cosmonaut is the only valentine I need.
Marcus I hope to god you read this The Hawkeye show had moments of him having PTSD and problems communicating with his family about his job and the toll it takes on him both physically and mentally it’s way better the falcon and the winter solider.  The book of Boba is more like a chapter or side novel of the mandalorian.
Amazing vid bro
Hawkeye was about mostly about Kate Bishop and Clinton retiring and giving her position or name to her so canonically the name of the show is correct Kate is the new Hawkeye but Bobba Fett yeah it was just the mandalorian 2,5
Give us one league game upload
Peacemaker is surprisingly the best show out of all of these star wars/marvel shows besides mandalorian, might be on par with mando tbh. It’s good
They made tall girl 2
Why is the movie called "Logan" if Wolverine is the main character? Why is the movie about Clark Kent called Superman? Like seriously this is so frustrating lol
Bojack Hamill
I don't know what to tell ya Marcus, baby Yoda IS fully CG. They animated him in a way to make him look like a puppet.
Maybe I’m too young but the voice sounds normal to me
Finally, the Marcus pillowtalk experience we've been asking for
I like that you like arcane it's so good
Please do peacemaker, you'll love it!
Sebastian Stan has a picture dressed as Luke Skywalker. He would have been perfect for the role
Marcus is gonna love peacekeeper after it’s all out this weekend and he doesn’t make a video about it until May
I'm sure other people are pointing this out Cosmo, but KATE BISHOP IS HAWKEYE, you can't say "it's not about Hawkeye, it's about kate bishop" that's the equivalent of saying "this show isn't about capt america, it's about steve rogers", she is literally hawkeye, she has never been under any superhero name except Hawkeye
Oh my god. So THAT'S why I was thinking the show had Luke as played by Tommy Wiseau. Why don't they just cast Sebastian Stan or something? This shit is so weird.  Also I loved the Tusken stuff for Boba and wish it mattered more to the main story but nah. Cad Bane should've been involved more but now he's maybe kinda dead.  Also... Arcane is what I consider a non-pixar/disney/dreamworks animation that has near complete control in how their product gets out and it is glorious. Because it was so obviously not hampered by budget or time and the studio was able to put out this masterpiece filled with such unique styles
I really liked this video! That's so real, just wanting to lay in bed (as I often do) AND you were able to get this video done while doing it, with the nice background music, I loved it all, an unintentional masterpiece
Hella nakeyjakey vibe with this
22:02 all this sound like it should be an animated show as clone wars and not a live action  one.
I remember a few people commenting on the Spirits Within picture show that there was talk at the time of the movie's lead character becoming a "virtual actor", appearing alongside real actors in multiple different movies - and it occurs to me that that's what Disney is trying to do with these classic Star Wars characters.  I don't much care for it.
I love videos like this by you because sometimes if you don’t post about it on twitter, i think “i wonder what marcus thinks of this piece of media i watched”
Imagine they use the Synthesized Luke for Lu'uke from the Thrawn Trilogy.
TALK ABOUT PEACEMAKER!!!!
Marcus, I’m glad we all have a common consensus on book of boba being a 6/10
Your comforter got a black and blue/gold and white dress thing going on
You need to watch peacemaker! It’s really good
Bro it's like some pillow talk with Cosmo. Love this vibe.
Is that Nier Automata playing in the background?
CGI Luke Skywalker was the creepiest thing since my son.
Luke sound like he was dubbed by the people who did squid game
Saw that Evil Dead Poster. Dr.Strange Directed by Sam Rami is coming. You could do some reviews on the Evil Dead Series. And if you do I want fiscal compensation.
Marcus I just want to say I appreciate you using the Nier Automata music in the video, that OST is legendary shit
Luke skywalker sounds like someone from Kingdom Hearts.
Play league with me <3 omggomggg
I mean boba riding a rancor is the coolest fight scene to me but I can’t really argue other points
Does anyone know what music he’s using during the Hawkeye segment?  Sounds like it’s from a Final Fantasy game
why tf is the skyrim AI voice line generator better than whatever the hell they did to make luke's jank-ass voice in boba fett
Book of Boba Fett should've been like how he was in the movies. Stoic, but a clumsy dumbass who gets killed.
kate bishop is hawkeye. that’s the whole point, just to be fair.
What's the song that is played in the background called?
love u get better thanks for all ur hard work
@5:15  I would disagree about the modern music being outta place. Although music taste is subjective (I understand that the  imagine Dragon’s Ft. is probably at the heart of the controversy lol) the choice to use modern music is a very specific decision as it’s actually an age old film technique.  Here’s the TL;DR: Riot used Modern music as a tool for the audience to more easily grasp the characters feelings and the vibes/atmosphere of any given scene.     While yes Riot has a history of attaching big artists to their products, the use of modern music is used primarily for the audience benefit as it translates the tone/purpose of a scene from an otherwise fantasy world, through a modern lens making it more relatable.  For examples the director Bazza (directed Great Gatsby, Romeo and Juliet with DiCaprio, Moulin Rouge) is famous for using modern pop/rap music. In Gatsby, he uses Jay Z in a 1930s underground bar to convey the popularity, vibes, and overall atmosphere of prohibition New York. As an audience, we can relate to the characters feelings in the scene through the music alone. Even though they are in an an otherwise foreign setting, the music and the cultural/social context behind said music incites the proper emotions from the audience.  Same thing with Moulin rouge which takes place in 1920s France. Instead of the characters singing an era/regional appropriate love song, they sing Elton John. Again to convey the emotions and vibes through a modern lens, something we as an audience understand and relate to more.  This is what arcane does, they use modern songs and artists to get their point across. The opening song ‘Welcome to the playground’ is very much a modern pop grunge song (Billie Ellish-esque).  We can recognize it as unsettling, underground, slightly creepy, it has a dark but fantastical quality to it. That’s exactly the vibes the creators want us to feel when Vi and the gangs first enter the Undercity. It’s  dangerous, slightly fantastical, absurd, grungy, steam punk.   We sometimes take for granted the cultural contexts and clues that comes with music. The nuances and intricacies of say old timey music would go straight over our head. Vi walks into a night club and they play royalty free generic fantasy-genre music, no one bats an eye. But when Vi walks into a nightclub and The Weeknd’s Hills is blasting, the mood is instantly set. That’s also the benefit of using big name artists, just another layer of cultural context and lens we subconsciously relate too. Music when done right is a powerful tool film makers use to get the audience immersed into the world and to buy into these characters and their emotions. Modern music bridges that gap of ambiguity between the fictional setting of the film and the real world by relying on the cultural connotations of the music to covey the proper atmosphere and tone.
The thing I don’t understand about Boba is they got him right in the Mandalorian when he showed up in season 2 and then couldn’t bring that same stature into his own show.   And the constant fan service is really starting to bug me. It started in season 2 of Mandalorian and it’s getting annoying because that’s all there was in the show after episode 2. There’s only so much I can deal with before it takes away from the story and gets me annoyed.   Temeura Morrison deserves better.
Agreed on Mando, I like seeing new things in Star Wars, I don't know why they feel they must tie everything back to previous characters or places. Seriously enjoyed Rogue One because it was people I didn't know or care about and it had me balling at the end, only to be jerked into the 4th wall break by Vader, scary-CGI Tarkin & Carrie Fisher to setup A New Hope. Also, your hair looks great here. Have a rest and recharge.
It's called Hawkeye because the two main characters are both Hawkeye (Kate bishop has the same callsign as him)
On boba fett i honestly think one of the reasons i couldnt fully get into it is because i dont think i like robert rodriguez's directing in star wars. I cant speak on his other work besides spy kids which tbh this feels like at times. Theres this cheapness and goofiness that i just cant explain. While those two "mandalorian" episodes in boba fett felt so polished like all the other episodes in the main mandalorian show and they had different directors. I kind of had a bad feeling off that mandalorian episode that robert directed which reintroduced boba fett, which was a cool episode but it really felt like they filmed it on some hill outside LA and told a bunch of storm trooper cosplayers to run around all goofy.
Thank you for validating my “if it was called something appropriate somehow that makes it better” / “just let it be it’s own story” Book of Boba Fett ranting… honestly it was fine, but it could have been so much more satisfying it was Boba Fett’s story with Mando dropping in for the finale (alone) to support, and deal with all that development in S3. I can’t believe after how satisfying Luke’s S2 moment was, how vapid it all felt just smashing all the nostalgia into another show; completely  undermining the impact from that S2 finale. Shame!
It is weird how Boba had the best fight scene in The Mandalorian, but Mando had the best fight scene in the Boba Fett show.
whats the song he uses when hes talking about Hawkeye?
I like how the subtitles say Juan Division
Smiling Friends FUCKS everyone should watch that show
Marcus is a very handsome guy without his glasses 😳❤️
Surprised you didn’t fall asleep recording yourself like that.  Thanks as always. 🙏🏽
Peacemaker! Pleaseeee
You should make a video on Attack on Titan
This may sound weird but Dylan Sprouse (the twin that plays Jughead in Riverdale) kind of looks like young Mark Hamil? So maybe use him? Idk
You didn't talk about the Matrix 4?!? 😩😭😭😭💔 Worst Valentines EVER
I loved listening to the overcooked soundtrack through that whole video
idk i think its incredible what they did with CGI Luke, its the best looking full CGI human we have ever seen, the voice is off yeah but hes a jedi, most jedis in the original trilogies sounded weird af, i can accept it.
The cameo thing I can definitely understand in these Star Wars shows. The Wookie, Krrsantan, is from the comics and is referred to as Black Krrsantan sometimes (he's basically Hanharr from Knights of the Old Republic II: The Sith Lords, but slightly less edgy). He's an interesting character in his own right and was really underutilized in the show; a lot of his character is reconciling the glory culture of the Wookies with the harsh violence of other worlds besides Kashyyyk. Here, he's just the big guy, with a hint of a deeper identity when he attacked the Trandoshians in that bar.  Boba Fett left me... meh. I would've stopped when the Power Rangers were introduced but I heard Din Djarin was in a later episode, so I binged to that point and finished the show. I hope Mandalorian Season 3 is better.
I dig the NakeyJakey energy for this one. So glad you made Arcane fit into this! It's incredible and deserves all the love.
Spoilers, but Kate Bishop IS Hawkeye. The series wasn't just about Clint having problems in NYC, it was also Kate's origin story as the new Hawkeye. The series title really refers to them both, and that's why the show focuses on them both.
C O M F Y
That ain't Luke Skywalker, that's Blooke Guywalker
The luke puppet they did here was the first one I have ever seen that was good enough. Maybe the voice can improve.
Ok so everybody mentioned how Kate Bishop is Hawkeye and that’s the point so I’m going to mention the other thing I thought about. I agree that Book of Boba shouldn’t have been called that but I must say that to name it something about Tatooine retains the same exact problem, the two mandalorian episodes isn’t on Tatooine either. So I agree with the point but not the specific idea of the name replacement. Just call it Star Wars series arc 2 or something, or the mandalorians or whatever. When we’re on Tatooine the story does focus on Boba and when we’re not it doesn’t so it’s a nit pick but that name wouldn’t solve the problem.
I had the biggest grin on my face when I heard Mr. Plinkett😁
"i play the fuck out of league of legends" get well soon king
Good update!😂
makes sense Arcane would peak in the visual areas since they're been doing music videos for a long time
Morning Mr Cosmonaut   Firstly, I wanna say, I really enjoy your videos. Now I remember a video where you said you needed something to watch for the channel, who knows maybe I'm making it up. But I thought I'd give you a slice of our culture from across the big pond. Now I'm not so good with the words and such so ill give you the description and you cam decide if you wanna give it a go or not.  Misfits - "Five juvenile offenders with nothing in common find themselves working together on a community service project, and their differing personalities soon cause sparks to fly. But that's nothing compared to what happens when a freak electrical storm hits town. Shortly thereafter, they find that they are developing superpowers" Seasons 1-3 and if you don't like it I'll eat brocoli....tenderstem.
Yo, appreciating the Nier Automata soundtrack in the background. Also great reviews
I’ve stuck with you for every controversial opinion but you PLAY league of legends? You’ve gone too far this time, I can’t support this
I can't wait for fake Luke, Leia and Han to get their own TV show. /s
I'm not the only one calling it peacekeeper
Star Wars in my eyes is just the first minute or so of the RLM rogue one half in the bag
Background music sounds like DK Country
Holy shit it's mike stoklasa
I’m happy that boba escaped the Sarlacc pit. It’s my favorite thing that got retconned in the Disney take over. And he will forever be the coolest character to me. But I was super frustrated that it did become Mandalorian season 2.5. Boba is a grade a bad ass and he deserved a better spotlight on him. I hope that they keep the obi wan show more focused on obi wan being a hermit and maybe like Gurrilla fighting the sprouting empire and the only cameo we get is darth vader and maybe ahsoka  maybe the surviving clones getting a spotlight would be cool too.
WE NEED YOU TO WATCH TALL GIRL 2
I felt like I was going crazy being the only person I know who kinda hates the licensed music in Arcane.
I’m guessing we won’t get a bad batch video? I’d love to see one
Deepfake Luke Skywalker's voice sounds like baddly dubbed anime lmao
The Luke digital puppet thingy didn't bother me, but the character of Luke in the show pissed me off so much.
Marcus is low key cute
The bookpf tatooine sounds so much better
Arcane’s fine
Liked the cozy vibes of this one
Yo
I love when my favorite YouTubers throw in this song from Nier Automata in the background of their videos lmao
Wait wait wait, that one music part you mentioned in Arcane. Not saying it ain't a banger because it is, but upon seeing it I just thought about what Cosmo said about 'racist soundtracks' and saving the rap song for the one black character. Made me giggle watching it honestly, surprised he didn't mention that.
Have you seen Bad Batch yet?
Would love to see you talk about Vox Machina once the first season wraps!
How weird it must be to be living, as Mark Hamill is, and see some deepfake of your young face and some synthesized copy of your voice on a show...like bruh.
If they were to canonize and adapt the Thrawn trilogy into movies or a show, this approach to deepfake Luke would be a really cool and uncanny way to do Luke's clone near the end.
okay what the hell is the song playing during the Hawkeye bit because I KNOW i've heard it before but I just can't place it 😭
Imma be honest, I gotta hard disagree on the Luke point. I was frankly extremely impressed just how far the deep fake came from Mando S2 to this. I really feel like Marcus undersells just how big of a leap in quality it was with just a single space in between. The face you can only somewhat tell there’s something up, it really isn’t that noticeable unless you’re actively looking to notice. And the voice I also believed was great. I don’t get what Marcus is talking about with him sounding unnatural. Yeah it was a little stiff I don’t deny that, but it completely sounded like a real voice. More importantly, it sounded like young Mark Hamill’s real voice. I won’t deny there’s still obvious room for improvement. But in my opinion the young Mark Hamill face and voice deep fake was of very high quality and was genuinely only barely noticeable, and I imagine by the next time or the time after that when they do it again it will be refined to a point where it’s only nitpicking you can do to indicate it’s not indistinguishable from a real face/voice.
I thought licorice pizza was an ad at first
Glad I’m not the only one that liked smiling face. As a fan of the oneyplays I was already destined to like it but it succeeded my expectations
It's annoying to see people say... why call it Hawkeye, it's about Kate Bishop. KATE BISHOP IS HAWKEYE. So what else is a more appropriate name for the two Hawkeyes than Hawkeye
But Marcus, what about Tall Girl 2!!!
how to fix Book of Boba Fett:  Call it “The Mandalorians” or just make it Mandalorian season 3.  They’re both mandalorians so if we just shifted focus to another mandalorian for a bit, it wouldn’t be like we’re getting false advertisement.  Also that way the ending of Mando season 2 isn’t undone.. in a spin-off show..
Now this is cinema
As I watch Hollywood keep wheeling out deepfake homunculi, more and more I appreciate the focused return to practical effects for the Sequel Trilogy's characters and creatures.
Honestly I think Book of Boba Fett exists purely to keep creepy ass Luke out of The Mandalorian. Keep the criticism out of the super popular show
I really enjoyed Peacemaker and would love to hear your thoughts on it
what music was playing whilst he was reviewing hawkeye, i know its from nier i just cant pin  it
This video feels just like nakeyjakeys  "dark souls saved my life"
The problem I had with book of boba fett, is that I’m just tired of old Star Wars characters. You have a whole universe with thousands of races, and you keep coming back to the same ones. Hell even when you make new characters, you focus on the wrong ones, like seriously who the fuck was asking for Andor? The mandalotian is an example of Disney taking pre established lore and building a new character around it, and it really worked
"The Mandalorian is what we see Boba Fett as" is almost word for word what I said to my roommate a few days ago, because it's exactly that.
Is the euphoria lighting a hint for whats to come? Lol
I get the impression Kate Bishop is the new Hawkeye, hence her prominent role in the series, they don't need a title change.
Sleeping next to marcus is the hottest thing that happened to me
League was the reason I almost didn't graduate from college.
I am fucking ecstatic that you were talking about smiling friends. Like holy shit what an amazing show
Bro. Tales of Symphonia music in a Cosmonaut video. Wtf is happenning
cgi luke puppet is definitely creepy. Although, personally I wasn’t that bothered by it since Star Wars has a history of pushing vfx technology.
I hated kingpin in Hawkeye, they basically made him a superpowered clown compared to his grounded portrayal daredevil and Boba Fett would have been much better if instead of having the Mandalorian take over for two episode we got Boba spending time creating his family with the mods, Krrsantan, and Fennec, learning their backstories and personalities instead of watching Mandalorian season 2.5.  The Book of Boba Fett was basically "fan service: the series" which I enjoyed but I wish we got a little bit more heart and a little less Mando.
The 60FPS looks great Marcus
Give us the Tall Girl 2 commentary
This should be the new fireside chats
6:22  [LLLlllIIIIIiiiiiccccCCCKKKKK]
I think that these aren’t really shows. Shows are usually up to 8-9 episodes, and Disney keeps pumping out these 6 episode shows like it give enough character development or plot development. The Marvel Netflix shows even had 13 episodes and they are still better than any of the “shows” that they have been putting out
i dont get why disney wont cast seb stan as young luke. sure, he doesn't sound like him but he has the looks
This style of video was one of my favorites Marcus. Great job 👍🏽
Denzel went hard on arcane no lie
Kate Bishop is also Hawkeye though, like how Miles is also Spider-man in Into The Spiderverse.   Even if Kate was the only main character, the show being called Hawkeye would still be accurate. Its about passing the baton, also not dissimilar to Spiderverse.
I love this low energy ramble style reviews. Would love to see more like this.
Gotta say I think you missed the mark with the first part of your Hawkeye criticism, Kate Bishop IS Hawkeye, like she shares the same name in the comics and by the end of the show now in the MCU as well… I thought it was clever how they tied that together by doing an invincible-Esque title drop when Kate gets the name of Hawkeye, showing that she was what the show was about all along
I still find it funny that Star wars is the only series I can think of where a Stars wars character showing up in Stars Wars is seen as a cameo.
I feel like making episode 5 an entire episode of Din Jarin feels right because we needed a catch-up on the show, but still kinda sad
My 2 cents on BOBF:  CGI’ing faces is a bad practise for the industry. I actually fear we are gonna get a cgi 10 year old Luke in kenobi using pics of mark when he was that age.  Mando could of been in BOBF without a lot of the Mando show plots(ie other Mando’s, Luke, grogu and the ultimatum etc) could of had it Mando clears jabbas palace with boba then isn’t shown till he go to get the n1 star fighter then he joins with them again to help boba, he uses the spear to try and fight the big droidikas but he drops it and uses the darksaber to defeat it like in the show(this sets up how ineffective he is with it and they can use the scene of him saying it heavy when he met the armourer and visla) and then when Mando season 3 comes out you still got like 1 episode and 3/4 left and you can feel an actual passage of time from between seasons cause BOBF feels like it was a week after Mando season 2 finale and if someone didn’t watch BOBF (I know that’s unlikely for a Star Wars fan) you are not going to understand why Mando has grogu or a new ship or why he’s going to mandalor.
I mean technically Kate bishop is hawkeye
"I'd rather Luke Skywalker was played by a real person."  No, no you don't. You & all the OT purists would be screeching like crazy if Luke Skywalker was played by anyone but Mark Hamill, despite the age & appearance problems.
I liked book of boba but I completely agree about Mando being the best - I’m enjoying Star Wars when it’s doing completely new stuff , I like the sequels but felt they relied on trying to be connected, Din having nothing to do with the main story is so refreshing
hawkeye fucking SUCKS it feels less like a show and more like an in-between nothing to introduce characters and plotlines
Book of Boba Fett should have been Mandalorian season 3 (because why would din and grogu NOT reunite in their own show???) With Mando as the b plot and boba as the a plot, spread everything all out, and introduce cad bane in episode 3 at Most. Also remind us that boba had the rancor more than once because I completely forgot about it until the finale
Look at what X-Men has DONE to this man.
Dude I had the exact same response to succession
I thought there was gonna be a pizza with licorice toppings in licorice pizza, to my dismay there was not  1/10 very disappointing
POV: you wake up with Cosmonaut Marcus
Please do more videos in your bed, it makes me feel good because I’m stuck in bed due to COVID
Babe wakeup, new marky video just dropped
Very cozy video :))
I'll give your nap 6/10... Needs more blankets!
The boba Fett show made me mad cause it had a ton of potential
Watch peacemaker
Hawkeye isn't about Jeremy Renner because Kate Bishop is the new Hawkeye. That's why Kate has the most scenes as well. She's Hawkeye now.
Quick take on your Luke puppet take: Whatever you think about how it looks, I think ultimately what makes it true to Star Wars as a franchise is that it's pushing the limits of technology. Obviously they've not nailed it, but they didn't nail it in '77, but somehow, it's still a timeless classic. Lucasfilm was always about pushing the envelope with technology, mixing old mediums (puppetry, miniature sets, matte paintings) with the new (photocompositing, CGI), I think this is just another thing in that realm. That being said, it is a little creepy, and maybe they shouldn't have done the face AND the voice...
Does Marcus not know that Kate BIshop is Hawkeye? I think the show is largely supposed to be an origin story for her, so the title 'Hawkeye' relates to her rather than Clint.
i very much appreciate you being in bed for this vid because that has been my mood for the last few months :/
I feel like I've just been on a really intimate date with Marcus and I'm going to bed tonight knowing I might have just fallen in love with this dude.
Bad batch?
Burnt out is real and so is seasonal depression! Feel better soon <3
Keep going with Succession! Best show on TV and would love to see you do a video on it someday
Peacemaker is really good. It’s better than all the marvel shows (except maybe Loki)
Kate Bishop is hawkeye
After you finished the luke discussions I legit forgot that this was about boba fett
I hate that the reasoning behind Rogue One/Solo CGI vs Recast makes perfect sense for something like Disney. Like it sounds like something they would think.
I’m seeing a trend with Disney+ shows and not in a good way. Also, did anyone else feel that the music in Book of Boba Fett wasn’t very good especially compared to Mandalorian?
Watch peacemaker, it’s one of the projects in the dceu
Disney could've just hired an impersonator for Luke's voice. Super easy barely an inconvenience.
Anyone else hear neir automata ost in the background
The worst part of Boba Fett is that it has now become absolutely essential viewing for The Mandalorian, so if you just want to watch his show you are forced to watch this other boring shit to understand whats going on.
We have been visited by the sleepy Marcus of good naps
It's the Kate Bishop show bc Kate Bishop is hawkeye, dude. Sounds kind of dumb to complain about the hawkeye show having too much Kate Bishop when she's being set up in the show as the new hawkeye.
damn, is Marcus using Nier ost as bg music lol
I loved Hawkeye until the last episode. the ending gave me nothing
I went into Hawkeye thinking of it as an MCU Christmas special and I think that made me enjoy it abit more
Anyone else notice the song in the background? It's Rydia From Final Fantasy 4 DS
The mixed animation of smiling friends reminds me of the amazing world of gumball, which is an awesome show for anyone that has not seen it.
I woke up and started watching this video in bed and i zoned out and for a moment my brain thought this was a videochat with Marcus because of how it’s shot so i tried to respond to Marcus but then i quickly realized it was just a vid.
This reminds me of NakeyJakey's vid lol
Nah sorry I think Boba is way cooler than Mando. Mando is too much of a bumbling fool to represent the mystique of early Boba
as a league hater, I loved arcane. League players should shower.
Peacemaker is very good.
First video I had to shut off halfway through. Bro missed the whole point of Hawkeye. It's called thay because it's about Hawkeye, Clint as current and Kate as the soon to be. But it's like Miles and Peter they both just go by Spider-Man. Same with Hawkeye. And the hate for Boba was weird too. Show wasn't great but you nitpick some really weird shit and have some cold takes. Idk. Keep sleeping for a bit.
Hot take: deep-fake voiced cgi homunculus Luke is the closest thing we've gotten to George Lucas directed prequel line delivery since Revenge of the SIth, and that's why a large contingent of "those fans" are lapping this shit up.
Yesssss!!! Arcane whatup! Glad you loved it!
We're both lying in bed and it's oddly intimate.
gotta say I'm a little disappointed that not one minute of these 26 was devoted to all the laughable qualities of the final episode of Boba in particular
I'm so glad that I can agree with Marcus' opinion about Hawkeye. When the show was coming out everyone was acting like it was the best mcu show ever, but the whole time I just thought it was mid as hell. Nothing really amazing happened or new, except for Kate and Echo who definitely didn't get enough screen time
Please just make videos about what you want.
Every time Boba Fett takes off his helmet all I can see is Joe Rogan and it completely takes me out of the experience
Please don’t call him baby yoda
i like this unprofessional marcus better for some reason
Thank God the voice of Luke it's not a problem here in latinamerica cuz here the dubbers are really good and still are the same as they were in the original trilogy. Another cool touch it's that the guy who dub all the clones from the Phantom menace to the clone wars (the series) its the same guy that dubs Boba
I like the nier automata song at 11:00. Such a good OSt
You should watch the legend of vox machina
Isn't Licorice people about a grown as woman "dating" a teenager?
Is the music when he’s talking about Hawkeye from Nier?
Is that inside out music in the Hawkeye part?
Byeah.
Can someone tell me what the music is that's playing while he talks about Licorice Pizza? It's driving me crazy.
Oh hell yeah
More auteur-driven film reviews like Licorice Pizza! Hope you'll do one on The French Dispatch or Nightmare Alley.
I never comment on your videos but I absolutely loved this one!  the vibe, the setting, the freeform nature, the wide screen all of it was really well done. More like this please 🙏 ❤️
I know you’ve talked about the show briefly, but if you still watch Young Justice I would love to hear your thoughts on it!
Theory: They’re going to use this voice & face synthesizing technology to make Black Panther 2 with Chadwick Boseman
Personally, I've been kinda bummed out by both 'Mandalorian' and 'Boba Fett' cos they both feel a bit toothless.  In my mind, these were supposed to be ruthless bounty hunters who straddled that grey area between good and evil, and instead the shows just gave you all these plot contrivances that left little space for moral dilemmas and seemed to operate on the assumption that these fellas have always been honorable and standup guys (I never got that impression with Boba Fett in the og trilogy).  I dunno, maybe I was going into them with unrealistic expectations, these are ultimately family shows after all. I will say that everything related to art design - the sets, the costumes, the creatures - was fantastic.
I think your point about Mando and Boba is so spot on. I’ve always maintained that I’m pretty sure that Mando S1 was a retooling of the cancelled Boba Fett movie from Josh Trank, so bringing Boba Fett into it as a completely different character just feels so off. Kind of my problem with these Star Wars shows from Mando S2 on is that they just kinda throw fan service in with no thought, and both this and Mando S2 felt so empty to me.
Every dum dumb on the comments talking about arcana and nobody talking about smiling friends smh alrdeady an underrated show
Arcane was incredible l loved it so much.
What do you think if they went through with puppet Yoda in Episode 1 and then 2 and 3?
Hawkeye reminds me of a show long ago that I never watched but still didn't like. Hawkeyes like that for me.
Omg, using Nier OST I just couldt focus on you, sorry.
I’d watch Licorice Pizza but I can’t get passed the subject matter. It’s a bit to icky for me likey.
1:16 Justin Trudeau?
Am I the only one that didn’t notice the Luke voice?
Have any of you seen browntables video on Hawkeyes deleted depth and its good so if you haven’t seen it then go see it
Kate bishop takes on the name hawkeye. So the title makes sense
I feel your pain bro. Happy Valentine’s day to you too! 😂
for a sec I thought I was crazy hearing a bgm for nier automata
You're so right about Din basically being what people perceive Boba Fett to be like.  Din would literally out Boba Fett Boba Fett in some scenes
The fact that he talked about licorice Pizza and succession… I’m happy
In my opinion Arcane was the best show of 2021🤣🤘And it's ashame that we're not getting another season until 2023🥺
Really digging the nier music
Pulling a nakey jakey
I feel like Star Wars needs rebranding at this point. The wars are these cookie cutter stories that we've already seen while the slow paced world building is way more interesting
It’s super interesting to hear someone’s opinion on Smiling Friends not really knowing much about it beforehand
remember nakeyjakey
I don’t like that first movie. A 15yr old and a 20something…
Can someone link me the music in this video? particularly the music behind The Boba Fett segment with the harmonica, such peace 😌 thanks in advance!
This man been doing a no-bonfire run. Refill your estus bro! Keep well!
Kate Bishops superhero name is Hawkeye that's why it's called Hawkeye
Would u want to do a why it sucks or some form of video on the Dark knight trilogy. I love the movies and want to know your thoughts
i understand your words...we need someone to wear mark hamils face!
Tales of Symphonia music? W
Hitmonkey is also an amazing show that I think Marcus would like
I think the Luke puppet was pretty convincing although it's still weird. I think the fake puppet like is going to stop being a major thing, either he's just gonna fade away or they're going to get a new actor to play him
peacemaker is very good definitely better than boba fett and hawkeye
You can't just put in Tales of Symphonia music and not expect me to notice. I see you Marcus.
Fake Luke more like Fluke
Arcane is terrific, didn't want to watch it bc i hate LoL but my gf proved me wrong.  Book of Boba Fett is sick until about episode 5 when it goes downhill real fast. Ending fight isn't that great, it's cool ish but it becomes about mando and grogu. Boba is such a sick character with so much potential and they sidelined the shit out of him.
i remember a comment suggesting “cosmonauts catch up series”
The thing about calling Hawkeye “Kate Bishop” is that she is Hawkeye by the end of the show. I don’t remember if they ever refer to her as Hawkeye but that’s what she is. The title refers to both Kate and Clint.
Smiling Friends ROCKS!
smiling friends is so fucking funny
Surprised to see Book of Boba Fett get a higher rating than Hawkeye, but I get it. Boba is such a weird show that has two pretty damn good episodes in the middle, but they completely feel like they are not even part of the same story. Personally I don’t even count them when lookimg at Book pf Boba Fett as a whole, they are the first two episodes of Mandalorian season 3 for me.
Clint and Kate go by the superhero name Hawkeye. So technically it is named for her too  Actually I don’t know if they ever call her Hawkeye in the show. But the comic run it’s inspired by does so never mind
I disagree about Luke. I thought it looked and sounded good. But English isn't my first language so that might be why.
Enjoyed the vid cosmonaut, hope your 2022 is going swell. Regarding creepy puppet Luke: they came this far with the visual deep fake improvement, I think it stands to reason they'll likely do even better next time, could hire a voice good impressionist or something to lend a little more life to the dialogue. But I getchu, a recast would've been less jarring for sure - but also think the tech will become borderline indistinguishable at a certain point.
Aww, love the piranha lullaby music you opened with!
nakeyjakey pogging rn
Please get lots of rest. Anytime I see a fellow creative who is like, “I’m tired” I just want to tell them it’s okay to rest and take care of yourself. I know how hard following that advice is sometimes, but you deserve time to recharge given how much work you put into your channel.
Peacemaker peacemaker peacemaker
The last three episodes of the Book of Boba Fett are just Mandolorian DLC
Bobba and friends
Lovin the nier bgm
The way Disney execs correlate financial success with completely generic aspects of film and television production is like how the YouTube algorithm sees me watching one video on easter eggs in the Arkham videogames and suddenly thinks I want to become a professor of Batman lore.
I beg of you to hire an editor, not that you’re bad at editing merely so you can pump out more content.
Not gonna lie, I love Luke Skywalker CGI version. Voice included. It just makes me feel in awe of how far technology has advanced... they could just do a voiceover with a real human though.
All those marvel shows set up to do a deep dive into a character and then don't do that, instead they just start connecting with a bunch of other characters and plot points and setup for other projects and that's why I don't want to see more of that
Marcus you truly have disappointed me. I have been subscribed for years and I am just now finding out you are a league player… gonna stay but with caution
“Star Wars: Baby Yoda Goes to College”, i would watch that lol
I’ll wait for December cause I he knows and we know that the reviews for everything Batman is coming, it’s destiny, yeah because Matt Reeves  is getting a very exciting movie
If the genders in licorice pizza were swapped it sure wouldn't be a cute movie. Just because the older party is a woman doesn't make it ok.
I loved Luuke from Mount Tantiss in the Mandalorian Season 2.5
I 100% agree with you one Luke. The voice ... AND dialogue... are both off. I could never imagine Empire/Return of the Jedi Luke saying anything of this dialogue. Not even Disney Sequel Luke would say the dialogue here. The fact Luke is all synthetic I'm like hurt.
Arcane has no business being as good as it is. I was SHOCKED at the level of quality in every aspect, and the level of emotional depth in the story.
Once attack on titan ends, can you do a quickie?
Please do peacemaker 🙏🤟
No comments on his clever thumbnail. Had Hailey Steinfeld in Hawkeye next to her sister Jinx
Hit the nail on the head with the Boba fett thing. Season 1 of the mandalorian was amazing because we had some completely new characters! We got to explore new corners of life in the galaxy and experience a smaller story with lower stakes.  i think coincidentally thats what got people so much more invested in mando s1 compared to the sequels- how many times can the fate of the galaxy be in the same jedi vs sith conflict before it gets tired? it was refreshing to experience a smaller scale. mando s1 was literally just a broke dad living in his busted up toyota trying to earn enough money doing side quests to feed his son AND IT WAS AWESOME
Book of boba fett is like that crush you've had for years until you actually get into a relationship and realize its not like you imagined. Then you realize that your other best friend, the mandalorian. Who was there for you at the worst times (rise of skywalker) was actually your one true love all a long.
I thought you wouldn't talk about Arcane but i'm pleasantly surprised. Also I agree with you on "Boba Fett", it had its moments but just got distracted with other stuff.
Keep watching Succession, season 2 is better than season 1 and Season 3 is maybe not as good but it has probably my favorite scene in all of TV
oh my god im so sorry to hear that 3:32 hope u get better soon
damn no encanto
Here's My Thoughts On All of Them:  Licorice Pizza - Haven't Seen It Not Intrested. Arcane - Haven't seen it Somewhat Intrested. Smiling Friends ‐ Haven't Seen and Very Not Intrested.  Hawk Eye - Really Liked It.  Boba Fett ‐ Really Liked It But You Need To Think of It As Mandlorian Season 2.5.
7:17 succession season 3 7:37 smiling friends 10:31 Hawkeye 14:47 the book of boba fett
I stand firm in saying that Filoni and Favreau are desperate to keep sequel hate going that they are shoving anything OT related down our throats , even if it is a mess. Why would you so heavily focus multiple episodes in a first season away from your MC when his name is in the title? If this happened among many many pre-existing episodes , it wouldn’t be so bad.  But Boba is gone for a good handful and these events play little affect on his story. Stop making decisions because you hate the sequels. It’s becoming obnoxious. It’s fine if you hate the ST but for the love of goodness just start writing stuff because it’s good and not because “hey fans look! We hate the sequels too! We know the sequels are the equivalent of 9/11 but ya know.. far worse so here’s Luke training Grogu !!” We get it.
i think you'll really enjoy peacemaker
It's funny that Marcus speaks highly on Smiling Friends when Zach straight up shat on his Spiderman video lmao
Can't believe he didn't mention the power rangers punk rock vespa gang
I didn't think the Mark Hamill voice was too bad until I heard 'will I see you again' on its own. It's not too bad when you don't think about toooo much
It does need to be said. Cad bane is the best he's ever been and that says a lot
Thank you, I didn’t hear about smiling friends until now.
So I like them calling the show Hawkeye, because Kate Bishop is Hawkeye.  As for Clint I would agree he should have had more character.  A real missed opportunity to not have Clint and Swordmaster be old frenemies.  Instead I feel like both are kinda underserved
I never posted a comment on your videos before but you used Tales Of Symphonia soundtrack as background music, so I gotta be fair... Thank you Marcus
Hey what's the soundtrack in the Hawkeye segment? I know it but I can't for the life of me remember what it is :/
I’m sorry, but your channel is like 80% animation that is intended for an adult audience. you can’t say you dont normally like adult animation
Marcus is slowly turning into Nakey Jakey
This Thursday...Marcus is going to taste it.
*cough LOL streams?? cough*
I like how he just name drops a 10/10 but then moves on 😂
Kate Bishop is Hawkeye. Clint Barton is Hawkeye. That's literally the whole point of the show. They're both Hawkeye
have a good nap marcus
Watch Hit-Monkey.
Anyone know what the background music is (especially from 14:53 onwards)? They're all very chill, lovely tunes - great choice for this kind of more relaxed video
Would it have really been so hard for them to just get Sebastian Stan to play Luke?
If you want to watch a good standalone Marvel show watch Hit-Monkey.
Excellent vid. Hadn't even heard of those first two before, Liquorice Pizza especially looks interesting, will check that out.   Would love to hear your thoughts on Peacemaker and Legends of Vox Machina after those two wrap up this week.
I beg of Disney to RECAST LUKE. Help normalize having new actors take on characters. We need to treat television/film more like Theater, where seeing a new cast is an exciting opportunity to contrast performances, not an offense to the original.  Arcane is The Best videogame show/movie ever made. Only thing that comes close to me is Castlevania.
Fr this bro gotta watch people just do nothing
Hey, i hope you get well!
I loved Boba Fett.  Felt like pure Star Wars
You sound like sad Mike from RLM
I mean hawkeye is about hawkeye... bc kate bishop is hawkeye
still crazy that Kate Biship's actress is Vi's VA.
WHAT ABOUT AOT
yo the lighting is perfect in this. that orange keylight giving off that purple-y shadow...damn marcus. YOU should make movies instead of these hacks
Do ozark
Never played league of legends before watching Arcane, I remember seeing ads for it and kinda doing a bit of an eye roll "Oh like how they made Dota into a cartoon" another game I had no interest in playing because I'm just not that kind of gamer and with video game adaptations never working I paid no attention Then I heard some buzz and decided to give it a shot. Hands down my favorite animated show of the year, every frame is either a work of art or a brilliant meme. The tragedy of Jinx was something that made me very emotional, can't wait for season 2
To me Hawkeye and Boba Fett were hot garbage. I expected a lot more. The only episodes of Boba Fett that were genuinely good were the Mandolorian episodes. Peacemakers pretty good so I hope Cosmonaut  has something to say about that.
Fine I’ll watch the league of legends show
But Kate Bishop IS also hawkeye!
I think I agree, the book of boba fett would have been better if the focus was the planet not the character, seeing how thing would have developed after luke meddeling etc. but i still really like the world building. especially  the tuskens getting more lore. eventhough i also think mandos episode was the best. still i kinda feel as if the whole show was pretty cool (expcept for the overstylized bikes), it somehow scratched an itch i didnt know i had. bob abackstory, the sory how things developed after jaba, dunno. could have been better but still pretty cool
Get back on your feet soldier, Tall Girl 2 is out 😎
Like a Bantha!
Talk about the bad batch please 🥺
It's simple: Disney doesn't get it. They're trying to fit a square peg in a round hole, applying the same Disnification of everything they make to this, because that's what makes them money.
Yo Marcus, where did you get that hoodie?
Perfect timing
My wife kept walking in the room and saying “it’s really freaking me out, why is he just lying in bed”!? Hahaha then I had to explain the bit.
They literally turned luke into siri lol
“I’m burnt out.” Dude, you watch tv and then tell a camera one of three things.  1. You didn’t like it.  2. It was alright.  3. It’s Spider-Man.
I actually love Markus going through a bunch of films and shows in his bed
As much as I liked the Mando episodes in Boba Fett, I will say this:  I really, REALLY do not like how they basically undid the entire point of Mandalorian Season 2. If Star Wars is about family, then Mando Season 2 was all about accepting the final part of parenthood: letting your kid go to live their own life.  And that entire, REALLY GOOD, character arc for both Din Djarin and Grogu is just... undone... in *two* episodes. It just left a really bitter taste in my mouth, and I know that it was JUST for Disney to sell more Grogu toys.
Thank you for using Nier Automota as background music 10:49
Take care of yourself Marcus! Burnout is no joke, it's good to take a step back every now and then.
We need more NAP reviews like this. Great format Marcus 👍.
markussssss i love u i love u
I think that they should Clone Wars it and make one big show with many plot lines and characters, and only a few show up at a time. They can be in order, but like having an episode or two of “Ahsoka goes to the DMV and beats up bad guys” and then going to, like, Boba politics, and then some new character never seen before or since...
I was only able to watch half of this, I had to skip large parts because I haven't seen those shows yet, dang.
I feel so validated to know that I’m not the only one who thought that some of the music in Arcane was out of place
Marcus I was hoping no I was praying you gave our can its own video please granddaddy cosmonaut please consider it
Idk man, Luke really worked for me. Sure the voice was off but they worked around it for the most part. The face was mindblowingly impressive
“People really like real things”   Clearly you’re not a fan of NFT’s Marcus lol
peacemaker is the best piece of television ive seen so far in late 2021 + 2022
I find it funny how everything you described about Hawkeye is what I loved about it. It's a small scale set that stars both Hawkeyes and is really to introduce both of them. The reason why it's called Hawkeye is that they're both Hawkeye. The title does refer to her.
With a larger scale and a 6th episode focused on boba and cad bane, book of boba fett would have been so much better
Work is good
Wow your posture decline is going down the Bo Burnham: Inside route
8:40 WOOO it's Mr Plinkett you guys!
I'm glad you mentioned Luke's voice. I had feared/though that this Mark Hamill's voice work, and was sorely disappointed. He's such a dynamic voice actor usually, and this Luke just seemed so lifeless. I''m glad to know that this wasn't Hamill uncharacteristically phoning it in.
Honestly hated the music in Arcane too. I'm glad im not the only one. Lol
i keep calling it peace keeper too then as soon as i watch another ep i face palm
I didn’t know why I didn’t like Book of Boba Fett and Marcus saying that Din is what we think of when we think of Boba Fett hit the nail on the head. CGI Luke still looks weird, Disney please stop this. That Super Bowl ad with “young” Lebron James is a direct result of Disney thinking they nailed this technology.
I cast greater restoration and give you inspiration. Thanks for the work.
What is the name of the background song that starts playing at 10:50, i feel like i heard it before but cant remember from where?
I really don’t like the fact that Boba Fett ep5-7 are pretty much watches for Mandy s3
Peep the NieR: Automata music 👌
Ive never watched a more relaxing youtube video in my life
I just don't really get why they can't find an actor to play Luke it's just so weird that they treat Luke Skywalker like he's fucking Jesus and you really can't mess with Jesus but who cares it's a fucking TV show
Wait till he finds out about tall girl 2 It’s worse It’s so much worse
this was so cozy. thank you
When they originally announced the Book of Boba Fett I interpreted it as a book in the Mandalorian's story so if I look at the show like that it makes more sense to me
I swear if u said u didn't like Arcane on everything, I would've found u, hurt u, & nobody would've seen u again till your 80s.
Yo Marcus snapped out of genjutsu and uploaded an awesome new video
Oh my god please let Marcus be the way I find out Smiling Friends is finally on HBO. No way would I torrent something from my boy PP  Edit: FUCK YEAH, god thank you Cosmonaut. Alright sorry my boy, I'll finish this vid later I gotta binge that
Ngl, Marcus looks kinda fine.
I promise you that no one is surprised that you play League of Legends
I am surprised that he plays League of Legends because I didn't know he was a virgin
All I know about boogie nights is Meg from family guy Saying  “You’re the fat guy from boogie nights”
Why is there a Nier Automata song right in the middle of the video?
Kate bishop is called hawkeye actually. And honestly I've loved all the live action marvel shows more then any of the movies.
Kate bishop is the new Hawkeye. That's why the show is called Hawkeye.
No Invincible...... I'm sad
Awesome you're still alive
i think one thing disney does that’s really annoying, is come out with some REALLY good things (encanto, nwh, *hopefully* m.o.m) and then use those really good thingsc to cover up all their “okay”things (eternals, hawkeye, etc.)
Marcus has achieved such a great power as a youtuber that he could just record videos in his bed and no one will complain about it
Watch the righteous gemstones
Ds1 music at the end
He used that guys idea, epic
Hope you enjoy peacemaker! I’ve enjoyed it a lot so far.
Succession= a shitty version of arrested development were you hate every character and there's constant and I mean constant camera zoom ins.
Where did u watch Licorice Pizza!?!?!? I've been hunting that movie like it owes me a lot of money.
expanse when
Markus: I’m burnt out guys :( Eren Yeager: Get. Up.
10 years of league dude i'm sorry, but i like you sorta anyway :-)
no. Say anything u want about boba fett or mandalorian season 2.5, but that is by far the best cgi deepfake ever put on tv
It'll take you like an hour and a half to watch smiling friends again.
Much like a LOL match, this is long and boring
Agree with Mando Season 1. Stand-alone was more fun
Would you consider reviewing Euphoria pls?
Was the structure of this episode meant to reference Nakey Jakey's "Dark Souls Saved Me"? I really like that video and it was fun to see another take on that style.
Happy Valentine’s Day old buddy.
Dam no ghostbusters afterlife
Hawekeye (the show) straight up sucks.
My biggest gripe with the sand people in this, is that they don't really try to remove the fact they're just monsters, while also saying "not all", because this tribe could respect you if you happen to kill Goro in single mortal kombat, after enslavement and some good old cruelty. Like are you really trying to say they aren't all bad, while also having them be murderous slaving villains who will, even the "good" ones, commit horrible unprovoked acts of aggression against anyone they see? Its already an uphill battle due to the fact that to this point they've been shown to enjoy tortureing and killing people, for giggles. I mean Even in Mando they need a massive dragon worm threat to make them consider not being evil, but atleast they can be reasoned with. This tribe "the good one" is shown "rescuing" Boba by dragging him near death across the desert, enslaving him, depriving him of food and water, and beating him. You could've just had them.... get this... just actually save him, but be suspicious of him, until he gains their respect and they accept him, then he can grow to appreciate them and then change into softer Boba through some freed up screen time due to the lack of them on sighting Boba. You could also have his motivation make more sense this way by simply having him say he hasn't had a real connection in decades, bounty hunting was lucrative, but his employers won't risk themselves for him like a tribe member would, it's understandable ofcourse, but he wants something more, something new, and he wants to spread his tribe through tatoine. I think having him blame himself instead of Bib or Jabba is so much smoother than, "they betrayed(?) me and sent me on dangerous missions I willingly went on, while I enjoyed untold luxuries, those bantha filth".
Arcane was beautifully animated but man I did not enjoy how messy the story was. It either needed three more episodes to flesh out the dozen storylines it's trying to juggle all at once. Jynx basically disappeared from the show until the last episode which is wild after the first three episodes really make you think it's the "Vi and Jynx need to reconnect" show. The Romance between Vi and Kate is... Like a La Croix? It's like someone three rooms away whispered "gay". The politics of it are kinda... flat. I'm not sure why they want to keep Zahn at all if they've made international trade and magitech their main business. No one likes the places. They actively don't let people go there. It's like... "Oh you guys wanna self govern? Sick. You're going to pay out the nose for shipping and tarrifs, otherwise good luck." I don't know what they needed like... the lamest coup ever? Just cut em loose. I dunno. Realizing the point of a lot of the gagillion storylines they're juggling was just contrived took me out of it and made me wonder why it wasn't mostly about Vi, Jynx, and Echo. Gorgeous show. Ecko is sick as hell. Looking forward to the fighting game. I gave the show a 6.5/10. Good not great.
I, personally, really liked Book of Boba. I’m ok with Mando being in it, in many ways Mando and Boba are tied together. I also (personally) disliked Mando’s episodes, they kinda ruin season 2, but to each his own
Baby Yoda is actually fully CG at times. It's just that their goal with the CG one was still to make him look and move like a puppet because a fake puppet is an easier sell than a fake living living creature.
My personal complaint with Book of Boba Fett is the idea you touched on when you mentioned The Mandalorian: That, now that Mando is basically the image of Boba Fett, that Fett can’t be the character he was before.   The thing that confuses me is: why? Why can only one character be a badass bounty hunter? I get that excessively duplicating characters would get kind of boring, but BoBF is already pretty boring so clearly the opposite doesn’t solve it. Why can’t Boba Fett return to being his old self, but in a different region of the galaxy, or doing a series of jobs over an anthology? Maybe over time, his stint in the Sarlacc Pit changes him. Maybe he decides he wants to rebuild the Mandalorians or something. There’s so much Disney could adapt from the Legends lore, but nope. Boba just takes Jabba the Hutt’s desk job I guess  I mean, genuinely, what sense does it make? There are multiple Jedi and Sith, and we’re fine with that? Are you telling me the audience can’t stomach the idea that multiple characters with the same skillset? That’s kind of insane to me, personally at least
I personally liked BOBF, but I agree that he's super underused (everything with Luke, Ahsoka and Grogu should've been cut and left for Mandalorian season 3 imo), and that these shows have a serious cameo probelm. I didn't mind Bo-Katan showing up in Mandalorian season 2 as I felt it was pretty natural, and even Ashoka's appearance came across somewhat natural to me, but BOBF had wayyyyy too many cameos. Cad and Din felt natural in the story to me, the others did not.
Wait it took you that long for X-men and it still was terrible lol
I love you CosmoKeep making great videos and happy Valentine’s Day
Imagine Dragons really detracted from what Arcane would have been without it.  It was like Rihanna in Valerian.
Nooooo he plays league time to unsub this is sad but I can’t support someone who commits such a heinous act
I wouldn't mind this being a series, just us catchin up.
I'm someone who takes burn out very seriously, like, as serious as you would your health. I think it was because I was very artistic growing up, but I also was very athletic. I wanted to go full thrust into everything and go 100% brain and body mode and it just doesn't work, your mind needs rest.
I think of The Book of Boba as a chapter in The Mandolorian’s book. I predict boba is more of a set up for the next chapter of The Mandolorian
I started watching this video while I was ALSO laying down on my side in bed and, let me tell you, at first I was SUSSED way tf out. But by the end of it, I kinda just felt like we were havin a lil sleep over and mom said to turn off the "Nintendo's" and go to sleep but neither of us were quite tired enough yet.
Licorice Pizza was absolute trash man. A few funny moments, no plot or coherent story. I was looking at my watch every 3 minutes. Not to mention the creepy vibes of a 25yo with a 15yo.  I'd give it a 1.5/10.
What are your thoughts on Star Wars Visions
He better not be sleeping on peacemaker
Omg, the fucking luke voice. Visually he looked fine but as soon as he started talking I was like "wait, wtf. The infliction in his voice just sounds so weird and unnatural, is the voice actor ok?" And then seeing the article about the ai voice, it totally made sense. There's just something so off about it and it felt like it was kicking in my flight or fight response.
Good morning markie
Would love to see more commentary on things that are well done and that you like. Instead of dropping the bucket repeatedly into a well that's only giving mud.  No wonder you're beat up. I'm personally here for the intelligent take. It's you that makes the channel good, not the genre.
this  video has immaculate chill vibes i love it
Boba Fett's character should've been kept as a villain protagonist instead of an antihero. Not all protagonists need to be heroic. Boba Fett was more interesting as a cold blooded killer with some sense of honor, instead they made him too soft. They made him a wannabe Crime Lord that doesn't want to do crime
Ooh music from wild arms at the 15:00 mark.
Peacemaker is actually so good. My dad, who hated peacemaker in the suicide squad movie, loves the show
be well bro
Oof that Nier Automata music... mad respect.
I started Succession during quarantine. I had to take a break after the first few episodes of Season 1.
Yeah, the Book of Boba Fett was very frustrating to watch because of many of the reasons you mentioned.
Have a good nap Marcus, you deserve it
On the show being named Hawkeye, Kate's superhero name is also Hawkeye so the show is kinda named after her.
Marvel pumps out too many shows. Can we go back to movies please. I was so burnt out by marvel shows and sad there wasn’t more Hawkeye in Hawkeye. The episodes are way too fuckin long.   Also boba Fett should be called the tale of tatooine
omg its glup shitto!!!
idk i watched hawkeye in one day, and it was decent ig. most of the time i spent just watching it, like not actually taking it in just staring at my screen.
Boba fett feels more like they dedicated an arc of the mandalorian to boba, but deep down din was still the mc
Imo TBOBF should’ve stayed at Bobas time from escaping sarlacc and being with tuskens. Fill in some time there, set up Cad Bane as a deadly foe and then have him be in season 2 which tackles what happens in s2 which could be a half Boba have Din show.
To be fair, Kate Bishop is also Hawkeye (I know that you know, just being pedantic)
We good Marcus dw. Just chill❤️
Peacemaker is sooo funny
we love to see you rating Smiling Friends highly :)
i love this kind of video i would totally watch this every few months
Marcus pointing out that since people liked Rogue One a lot and they started taking elements from that and putting it in their new stuff, kinda makes me hate Rogue One more, cause it very much is the cameo and references movie that tricks you into thinking it’s good.
What's your main role and champs?!  I'm in my 30's and been playing league since college.  Great video as always.  Cheers!
Do peacemaker!
@thecosmonautvarietyhour thanks for using that Tales of Symphonia music early in the video. Brought back great memories!
Love your work!
been a while since ive done some pillow talking.
I feel like we're a few months from an "alien parasites" style episode of Rick and Morty where it's just popular characters from the show's history making cameos, making fun of the current cameo culture our pop culture is in right now.
Hawkeye has its flaws. But having the show instead be called “Kate bishop and Hawkeye” is not a well founded criticism and makes ZERO sense marketing wise. Sorry but that was a miss.
While in Hawkeye at least Kate Bishop's story was still affecting Hawkeye's story, in Boba Fett, Mando's story doesn't affect boba's story in any way making it feel completely out of place.
The fact that he uses the DS1 menu theme is just  Muak chef kiss
My man titled the checkpoint my reddit meme for Boba 😂
League is garbage and nobody wanted a league tv show
When it finishes this week you should check out the Legend of Vox Machina. It’s pretty good. Idk if you’re a critical role fan but I’ve heard from non-fans that they’ve enjoyed it too.
The final episode of Bobby Fetty was a war crime tbh
WATCH RED ROCKET
26 minutes of the same background track… c’mon, mix it up. That synth drove me bonkers
Good fucking chirst I would have died of heat stroke a thousand time over wearing a hoody under a comforter for that long. The hell is wrong with you?
Arcane is God Tier storytelling, and Hawkeye is everything wrong with the MCU and modern entertainment IMO...  And they both feature Hailee Steinfeld, so go figure!
Can you believe I've actually had to argue with people trying to tell them that luke in the boba fett show is a cgi person
I mean Kate Bishop is Hawkeye as well though, so it’s still a Hawkeye show.
you kind of missed the point of hawkeye
PLEASE do a tall girl 2 video, the first one was brilliant and the sequel is just so meme worthy
maaan, tall girl 2 is out why have you not reviewed it yet??
vox machina, this you must watch.
Danny Glover as Lando was cool, actually. I liked him. That other guy who played Han... Yikes
Tall girl 2 when?
That’s the two girls from fortnite
People keep saying it should be called the Kate Bishop Show its about Kate Bishop. But Kate Bishop is Hawkeye.
9:53 Excuse me Marcus, that is most certainly Bilbo from the cartoon Hobbit, not Frodo… also, Hi! tehe #nitpick
HOL UP ARE YOU A NIER FAN MARCUS?? I know that music you can't fool me :)
Is that Nier Automata music in the background? Max cozy vibes.
I love you Marcus, thank you for coming back
My girlfriend sat down with me yesterday to watch the finale of “Book of Boba.” She hadn’t seen any of the other episodes yet, but she didn’t really mind and wanted to check out what was happening since the Mandalorian ended. At the end of the finale, she look at me with a grin and said “Wow that was a really great episode of Book of the Mandalorian featuring Boba Fett.”  Babe you hit the nail on the head right there
12:32 You totally missed the point of that show.
I didn’t see a single episode of the boba fett show till I heard din djarin comes back (WITH THE DARKSABER!!!!), then I skipped all the other episodes and just watched the stuff with Mando and baby yoda.
I honestly was not bothered by Luke.0 - it surprises me how many people were taken aback by it.
When Luke says "veeery goooooood" when Grogu does a force leap, I'm pretty sure I made an actual disgusted face
I found it weird how you didn't talk about BOBF episode 1, 3 being atrocities.
Really loved this format, felt real personal and chill. Fun to vibe with
Boba Fett was kinda mid, he really got sidelined when Mando came in and I wish it was more about him.
Unsubbed. Can't support you for being a League of Legends player.
16:10 literally what i have been saying about why boba Fett was gonna fail months before it came out
Kingpin was disrespected but at least there’s hope for the future   Cad Bane though….
It’s so good to see u again
You’re giving nakeyjakey in this video
Arcane is one of the few shows that I actually want to watch again.
The tribes of tatouine would’ve been a sick fucking name for book of boba
Honestly I’d be okay with two bobas. Having mando and boba compete for the spotlight would be cool
Book of Boba should have been called. "Tales of tatooine." And each episode should have been the character that is being followed. So episode one and two would he "Boba part 1 and 2".
Have you done anymore Warhammer stuff? I was kinda hoping to see more on the channel
I guess the new Luke is fine but why can't they just hire Sebastian Stan as Luke and be done with it? It might be even cheaper than trying to expand on a new technology.
But she is Hawkeye 🤣 that’s the point of the show. It is about her becoming “Hawkeye too” and yea they wasted Kingpin’s role
Do you like peacemaker so far?
Disney trying to Frankenstein young Mark Hamil when they have Sebastian Stan right there
I actually think of the Halloween episode of smiling friends more often than I probably should lol
I just can’t really see why Lukes voice is so weird. Guess I’m a dumbass
Low key excepting a kiss goodnnight from this camera angle
I wish the carried on with the title of "A Star Wars Story". Would make it feel like a collection of anthology mini-series rather than individual  shows that need to span multiple seasons. "The Book of Boba Fett: A Star Wars Story" (like with rogue one and solo).
I showed Arcane to my Dad (57) & Mom (45) and they consider it 10/10.
Wild Arms music , so much respect ✊ thank you for this, loved it
Playing Fortress of Lies when discussing Hawkeye hmmm….
What song is playing in the boba fett section?
You do realize that Kate Bishop is also named Hawkeye… right?
The show is called hawkeye is because Kate Bishop is also Hawkeye.
Now talk about Euphoria
I actually think the Luke deepfake looks *really* good, but holy shit that voice is directly in the center of the uncanny valley. That's terrible.  Just have Mark Hamill do the voiceover, and match the CGI face to the audio. Yeah Mark sounds old now, but that's preferable to whatever awkward AI compilation they used here. Like the tone is all wrong.
Ima guess you are a jungle main. Always knew you were league player
Tall girl 2!!!
I hope one of these days he makes a video of Peacemaker
Kate Bishop is also named Hawkeye
I know he's going to like peacemaker, betting all the hair on my body.
POV: you are in bed with cosmonaut variety hour
i still really think that Cal Kestis should have saved Grogu. it would have been easier since Cameron Monaghan is still young so it would have been less CGI budget
I am primarily interested in watching The Mandalorian.  Does any of the information in Boba Fett seem critical to that show? If so, any recommendations on which episodes to watch/skip?
People really like things that are cute because real.  Avatar.  Pick one lol.
10:49 Fortress of Lies? From NieR: Automata? Jeez man, can't hit a guy in the feelings like that.  I too like Jeremy Renner on another note.   Also you look good in today's video. The lighting doesn't drain the color out of your face like the previous setup during the X-Men reviews.
the final scene of the show where he thinks of a name for her and it cuts to the titlecard shows that "hawkeye" refers to both of them
TALES OF SYMPHONIA BACKGROUND MUSIC
Between you and mr.Sunday movies I’m just about fed up with cucked by movie YouTubers
How they didn't just grab Sebastian Stan for Luke is nuts. People have been saying to do it for years. It wouldn't just be better than the weird cgface, but probably celebrated because people like him. And they got his ass on the payroll already. Astounding.
I really want to know Marcus's thoughts on Bojack Horseman
Its a shame you didnt like hawkeye as I really loved it but I get why you didnt if you wanted to see more Clint
Will you do aot????
Cosmonaut Catch-Up was surprisingly endearing. Anyway, have a nice nap Markus
i need to know your elo
All the stuff with Luke and Ashoka in the book of Boba Fett felt like people shaking keys in front of a baby, it amounted to nothing other than kill time and say "look, this character is here". I felt nothing watching that and what should have been an interesting moment, Luke talking to Ashoka for the first time, felt empty. I had no problem with the stuff about Din during episode 5 but they should have stopped after he got to Tatooine and actually have him interact with Boba, especially after that same episode created a lot of parallels between them.
to be fair...I wanted to hear you talk about Licorice Pizza
It bothers me so much when people see the age difference in Licorice Pizza and assume that the movie is some pedo love story but IT'S SO MUCH MORE THAN THAT. Give the damn movie a chance before you try to cancel it.
Not a LoL player and i loved Arcane.  I said the same thing, one of the best things I have watched in a VERY long time.
i know he's gonna love peacemaker
This background music slaps, soothed the soul
While I agree with most of what you say, I cannot understand how you can praise the animation of Smiling Friends. That style of animation is painfully bad, I am cringing from the ugliness of the style whenever I see it, and it doesn't matter how good the writing or the voice acting of the show is, it makes the show unwatchable for me.
I feel like I just woke up after a one night stand and Marcus is here to tell me all the things I want to hear because he doesn’t want to pay for my Uber.
Fortress of Lies BGM banger alert
The wookie that almost murders Boba has more character development than the two Gomorreans that were pledged their allegiance to him at the very beginning of the show
Ngl I wouldn't mind more of this casual catch-up type content.
whoa holy shit marcus in 1080 and 60fps???
Ok, is it just me, or did arcane have literally zero worldbuilding
"I've been playing since 2011"   that's why he's always so cynical
I've been loving Peacemaker so far
Boba Fett got better when they sidelined him tbh. That character is paper thin and should have never been a main character.
I just wanna point out that Kate Bishop is also Hawkeye.  Now to go watch Licorice Pizza
i don't understand what disney has against lookalike actors there is no way they couldn't find a dude who looks like 70s mark hamill
book of boba fett is something i explained to my friends that it's basically mandalorian  season 3 with boba fett back story
of course you play league of legends
Peacemaker is a very good show.
Please watch Hitmonkey, that shit was so crazy and off the wall and fucking amazing
Glad to see you liked smiling friends. Its really easy to watch. Ive watched it twice now. It has that appeal that i havent seen since early spongebob
Fennec Shand kept doing everything Boba should have been doing... I love Fennec, but gosh the number of times she SPOKE for Boba was just so annoying in a writing aspect.
what song is this?
I really liked the first two episodes of Boba Fett. The whole stuff with the Tuscan Raiders was super cool and engaging and it humanized him a lot. My interest fell off when the cyborg speeder bike gang showed up. I still have 2 episodes to go but I liked episode 4 and all the stuff with Fennic Shand. I watched episode 5 and was confused why it was entirely about The Mandalorian. I still need to watch the rest
castlevania season 3? 👉👈
This is reminding me alot of that Nakejakey
This video was super chill to watch. Well done.  I hope ya watch Tall Girl 2, cause that picture show episode was my favourite :)
hawkeye is a show about changing who hawkeye is and at the end its kate, she is hawkeye now so the show's title makes sense to me
babe wake up cosmonaut just posted
Finally someone I can agree with in regards to Luke in Book of Boba Fett. All the fans seem to be fawning over Luke showing up (and showing up to save the day in S2 of Mando), but I just feel cynical and disturbed.
te amo marcus, haces mi vida más facil
This show has changed my opinion on CGI Luke. After the Mandalorian finale I too would have been happier with another actor dressed as Luke because of how weird it looked. But Luke looked so real in this show that I now want more CGI Luke and feel a lot would be lost if it was just another actor.
What is the music through out this? Especially the Hawkeye part.
they should make a teamup show with spider-man, daredevil and hawkeye taking down the kingpim would be very fun to watch imo
"his heart was huge" really, the writers couldn't think of anything better? The WHOLE English language and they decided on "his heart was huge" come on guys
A+ for having an Evil Dead poster in ur bedroom
I hope you cover more films like licorice pizza that are more widely considered “good movies” and non superhero movies
To say about the music in Arcane I do have to correct a little bit. They don't liscense the music from others. They make the music specifically that show or cinematic. They have done this for the past 5 years.
I unironically really liked Hawkeye. It wasn’t a masterpiece, but it was fun and might be my favorite Marvel show so far.
My little v day date with marky
My bother has the same sickness ...           he still plays league of legends to this day as well
My favorite part of Licorice Pizza was that it had a Herbie The Love Bug cameo, making it his first on-screen appearance in 17 years and not even in a Disney movie.
I think we all have to admit that Boba Fett was a bad show
Hawkeye is a 3/10 for me. It was the worst show so far for marvel. Maybe that just my bias about hating Christmas stuff, but I just don’t like it
Kate Bishop IS hawkeye though, it's a passing of the torch show.
Thank you for making this! Your opinion matters a lot to me.
You lookin mad beautiful today Mr. Cosmonaut
Its crazy how much hawkeye and book of boba fett have so many similarities I never even realized
Mark Hamill is so talented as a voice actor he could probably just do an impression of his younger self.
Kinda interesting you chose, of all things, "Fortress of Lies" to play while talking about Hawkeye....
I’ve decided to refer to CGI Luke as; Luke Skinwalker. I don’t understand why Disney is so adamant on making these fake old people young, I GET IT JUST CAST SOMEONE ELSE OR SOMETHING PLEASE
Love the zen vibe of the Video almost fell asleep The almighty cosmonaut was very generous today, 8’s and 9’s and I even thought the 6 on boba was a bit generous
Kate Bishop is Hawkeye. The title refers to both her and Clint Barton. They did the same thing with Black Widow and Loki.
this 🅿️
Ripping off nakeyjakey are we Cuckus???
I thought it was a bit strange that Boba supposedly became a crime boss, but he and his like four underlings don’t really commit any crimes or anything. Like yeah they kill some guys and say they’re in charge now but in charge of what? It’s like they wanted to call him the new crime lord of Tatooine but also wanted to keep him sanitized and the obvious good guy. He’s essentially just doing a small time protection racket and living in Jabba’s house
When your feeling better do Tall Girl two with your friend
Book of Boba is like a bantha
I think people are tired with the Feige model of "its a good movie for the continuity but its not a great movie" and are really worried that it'll expand to television.   BOBF was a better third season of mando than its own thing. But they named it its own thing because people would bitch a lot more if it had so much boba fet and not enough mando for a mando s3.
I despise league, and let me tell you, Arcane is insane
Would have really liked it if they either gave Bane more to do in this show or at least actually made and released the Clone Wars arc that explains Fett and Bane's relationship
The Tales of Symphonia OST is a nice choice Marcus
I think I know what yearly franchise you should do next year, why not Star Trek?
I personally really liked Hawkeye. It was light hearted, fun and had a good enough intrigue to keep me hooked. The low stakes were a plus for me, because if every Marvel property keeps escalating the stakes we won't have anywhere to go soon. I also like Jeremy Renner's Hawkeye (don't know why people hate him so much), loved him in the Avengers movies and Civil War and he is still great here. Hailee Steinfeld is great at everything she does, so she is naturally a great Kate. Doesn't hit the same highs as Wandavision and Loki, but it doesn't hit any of their low points. I think the show is overall more consistent while still being super fun and entertaining. I'd say Falcon and the WS was also consistent but consistently mediocre. Also others have mentioned it but the title is just Hawkeye since it reffers to both characters. Clint phasing out of his super hero job and Kate taking his place as the new Hawkeye, thats why she is more the protagonist than he is.
i do also feel that the naming stuff is the problem. people for some reason get really hung up on the name even though Boba is in like 3 episodes of Mando with no issues. would work much better if they didn't have different names or like 1 uniform name because its not like they could have called this Mando season 3 because people would be mad Mando isn't in the first 4 episodes. we need a star wars the clone wars style name because that doesn't lock the story into feeling like it has to match or follow certain characters, they can jump around this new time period
Nah deepfake Luke is good recasts are bad
it feels as though peacemaker is miles ahead of the disney+ marvel stuff because it can sustain a compelling storyline without the crutch of potential cameos with every passing episode.
Honestly, I didn't even know half of the series mentioned here (cause I came for the juicy Arcane n Boba reviews) but those scores are a genuine interest for some weekend discovery.
i love thi sleepy and cosily willing to share some thoughts without any flashy studio set pieces vibe. it resonates the way i consume these videos and the mood of the times
As a fellow non-League player, Arcane is fucking amazing
Hey, points for being self-aware of potential biases, and running related simulations in your head to test that (saying that if the Hawkeye show had been more aptly-titled then you might've been less critical in its reception), but that is, in fact, a pretty darn reasonable dissosance.  I mean, if you go see a movie titled "Star Wars" and then it barely includes Star Wars elements and focuses mainly on a romance plot.....you're probably going to enjoy the movie less, due to preconceptions and what you're HOPING to see.  Now, that would perhaps he excusable if that failed expectation was totally unintentional on the studio's part.  But we've all become FAR too familiar these days, by repeated painful experience, where some big budget studio with allll the resources to do a popular IP franchise REAL justice in making a sequel, reboot, etc......DON'T; quite the opposite they go cheap, they go lowest hanging fruit, and they tear down such franchises by titling them with the IP name......and then shitting out the lowest quality, "safest" production that only include external surface-level elements from the IP, with none of the heart or soul.  Therefore: while I applaud your vigilance in obseving your own biases?.....I think you're more than justified in liking the Hawkeye show less when they KNOWINGLY titled it that when in reality Disney was planning the whole time to have the show be just using Clint as a ladder for Kate's character to climb.  Basically: there was an intentional lie there just to profiteer, by intentionally creating false expectations, so I THINK you can be forgiven for liking the series less because you expected and hoped for one thing and were sold another.
9:20 that scene is improv. On a podcast they revealed they were trying opening bits to establish that it was a slow day on the office and the Charlie VA zach started rambling on about renaissance men and cuzack (pim VA) kept asking him to explain it so he could riff off of it better and they realized that exchange was funny enough to be the opening
Both hawkeye and boba fett introduced a good villain in the last episode and then pretend to kill them and play it completely straight
Can't wait to see that star wars colon, baby Yoda goes to college. 👍👀
Whats the song playing whiles hes talking about hawkeye?
kate bishop is also hawkeye though so the name just being hawkeye is fine
Honestly would just prefer a completely new actor who looks kind of like young Luke... ill buy that more than analyzing how they are digitally creating him
Get some rest my guy.
I actually liked this style of video where Marcus is just laying down and chatting about things he's seen.  Very comforting.  :)
I love the nier soundtrack in the background... though it does make me want to cry a bit
I watched Arcane to kill time before Vox Machina dropped on Prime. I became obsessed with it more than what I was waiting for 🤣
Just name the show The Mandalorians
Anyone else very tired of tatooine.
Boba Fett went downhill so fucking fast and they just ruined kad bane and killed him off in his second episode
Wait, Peacekeeper got a show???
What about the badbatch?
We can’t criticize Star Wars for being heavy on cameos because Marvel does the same thing we can’t just pick and choose
Is that Rydia's theme playing in the background?
18:55 yeah i have this problem too, it sound so soulless, i through it sound like that because of luke not having any attachments he is now more emotionless, but now that we know it was made by a AI is interesting, it sounds like a human voice but without any emotion, just soulless
Was not ready for the revelation that Marcus actually fucking plays League
“If this show was only for people who like League of Legends, than nobody would watch it.”  True.
Star Wars: Baby Yoda gets a hickey in college
18:55 yeah i have this problem too, it sound so soulless, i through it sound like that because of luke not having any attachments he is now more emotionless, but now that we know it was made by a AI is interesting, it sounds like a human voice but without any emotion, just soulless
glad you mentioned smiling friends, it’s my show of the year
Season 1 of Mandalorian will forever hold a special place in my heart
Probably someone else already mentioned this - I felt they called the show ‘Hawkeye’ because it contains Hawkeyes. The show is bout Clint passing the mantle over to Kate and her learning to become Hawkeye. ‘Swhy Clint calls her Hawkeye when she does a good.
I think Star Wars now is an ongoing project to try and make the first 100% computer generated character. They can already generate a face, and now they are generating voices, the actor is there just for reference for the other actors at this point.  I can respect that, developing technology, and I am curious as to what they will try next
I hate how they resolved the ending of Mando S2 in a series not even about Mando. It was sad to see Din and Grogu drift apart, but it was also a good thing so they could focus on new stories, now we can’t even see that.
I love how baby yoda has a name but we'll still be calling it baby yoda
Hey they got rude of a Han Solo and chewy post credit scene
the boba fett series proved rian johnson was right, KILL THE PAST
Funny that the first thing he reviews is something I saw with like 5 other people in the theater, while the second is something I haven’t even watch the first minute of.
Kate Bishop IS Hawkeye. She is the titulary character along with Clint Barton. Just like Black Widow was a send off to Natasha but also not so secretly the origin story for Yelena who is also Black Widow.
3:33 opinion discarded
Marcus watch Primal please
As a Dota gamer I am quite disappointed! 🧐😆
A surprise Markie video? yes pls.
I agree with the title change. They should call it, Star Wars Stories.
They turned Luke Skywalker into a damn Vocaloid.
Cosmonaut: *critizises the artificial Luke Skywalker voice* Me who watched the show in my own language with actual voice actors: „I don‘t have such weaknesses!“
Fake Luke feels like a Bethesda npc brought to life
Disney is destroying everything we one held dear. Hawkeye was a lame sleep fest, bobba the most dissapointing star wars story after mandalorian, and now they are milking Obi Wan, i hate that these man babies are rooting for more of this mediocre crap, and get offended if you even dare criticize their beloved franchise
I literally didn't know anything about league of legends besides the fact that it's a videogame, and I loved Arcane!! I think it's amazing that they took 3 whole episodes to basically set up the story.. so so good!
This kinda reminds me of Nakey Jakeys video when he laid in bed and did commentary
Thanks for being here for me on Valentine’s Day, Cosmonaut.
Why call it Kate Bishop and Hawkeye when her alias is also hawkeye? The name hawkeye isn't exclusive to Clint, and the show literally ends with him giving her the name. I have no idea how people still don't understand this.
Its Strange that a series called star wars is pretty much only about one family
For Hawkeye, he is wrong, Kate bishop is the new Hawkeye, so the title Hawkeye is referencing to both of them. However, I agree with him for boba fett, because Mando has nothing related to boba fett, except for the beskar. Therefore, if they want to focus on mando, jus have a season 3. Then it’ll be very good. Overall, I enjoy Hawkeye more than boba fett, but the mando episodes are outstanding.
Bro...Kate Bishop is called Hawkeye in the comics
the nakeyjakey setup is very cosy ( https://youtu.be/iSJkxLdIlyE )
I liked Hawkeye   it was cute and i liked Kate Bishop and it was cool seeing kingpin back
Also why don’t they just cast Sebastian Stan to play a young Luke, think about it, they look very similar
Hawkeye, as a character, had the potential to be the mcu's best, most traditional, boots on the ground, action comedy character and they absolutely wasted him in a story in which he accomplishes absolutely nothing.
Please don't call Hawkeye; The Kate Bishop show. It focuses on Clint just as much as it does on Kate, and both characters are Hawkeye in the comics. It is not like Book of Boba Fett. How can you say that the show is not about Clint Barton, when he's connected to almost everything that happens. Kate gets in trouble and gets involved with the story because of his history as the Ronin. Echo wants revenge on him for killing her father. Yelena wants to kill him because she blames him for Natasha's death. There are also several scenes that focuses just on him. Him and Kate have pretty much the same amount of screen time. And saying that you would've liked the show more if it had a different name is confusing to me, since the show having a different name wouldn't alter the quality of it. Hawkeye is by far the best MCU show, and the only one I wouldn't call bad.
This is great. I feel like cosmonaut is laying next to me, telling me about these movies.
your perspective on boba fett and mando was so blissful to hear and opened my mind up a lot  it has me excited for the future of star wars for the first time since i was a kid
Neat
The part where you reveal that Mike stoklasa did a voice for smiling friends is what sold me on having to watch smiling friends
A.I. Luke voice should have been the voice of Ultron
"This isn't a Hawkeye show, it's a Kate Bishop show" ....Kate Bishop aka.... Hawkeye?
You’ll love Peacemaker I hope, it is leagues better than any other superhero show out there right now, James Gunn did some true magic
Mans needs to get an editor
I did not expect to get transported to The Bunker at 10:50
does anybody know what is the song during Hawkeye segment?
Oh no! Marcus used a Nier Automata soundtrack, Square Enix is going to kill the channel!
I my favorite part of the show is when they go underground and then the music just slaps.
Arcane goes from a 10 to a 9.5 because of Imagine Dragons. Why are they there? Why do they get their own cameo scene, using the same song as the opening? I get they're good friends with Riot, but it's such a GoT Ed Sheeran moment
Disney is has been bastardizing Star Wars to try and make it like The MCU
Disney is going to have full-on CGI characters and voice actors but the end of the decade.
I was kind of hoping Hawkeye was going to be during his time as Ronin. That one-shot scene in End Game was great. I would have loved to see something where it starts from the Cartel's (or Yakuza or Italian mafia) POV where people in their ranks start disappearing. And Ronin is starting to become almost a mythical figure among these large criminal organizations
Just recast Sebastian Stan as Luke ffs
Smiling Friends is so goddamn funny to me, so many moments that made me laugh so hard I cried lol
Re: Hawkeye, that's the joke. Kate Bishop and Clint Barton are both Hawkeye. I guess they could call it Hawkeyes, though.
Luke sounds like a Skyrim NPC
Why tf do you think that you can’t talk about good movies? I hate that you only talk about stuff you think is bad
That intro was alarmingly intimate Marcus.  You might mess around and awaken something in me.
I think why we like din more is because Boba won’t put us fucking helmet on
Cad Bane was so underwhelming. His first appearance was perfect as he just murders a character we like with no remorse. Classic Bane.  Then in the finale he does fuck all and dies, and the guy he kills didn’t even die so he had no effect on the show at all.
Get your rest king
Arcanes soundtrack killed me, it's so bad. I hate Imagine Dragons.
luke in bobafett is basically if luke was in the prequals
The book of boba fett should have been the book of bounty hunters there's 4 of them in one show and Boba isn't in it for 2 episodes
Don't have time to watch the full vid right now so I'll just drop some scores and come back later. Take care of yourself Marcus, don't fall into burnout.  Hawkeye: 8.5 (Didn't need Kingpin, more time with Maya and the betrayer dude would've been better) Smiling Friends: 7 (No reason for the score being this low, just seen lots of Zach's sense of humour on OneyPlays so it was a bit familiar) The Book of Boba Fett: 6 (Kind of a mess. High highs, low lows. I want a second season so we can actually get Boba Fett doing is thing as a hunter)
Anybody know the music he uses in the background during the mando 2.5 segment
Boba was with the tuskens for a whole 5 years! Show made it seem like 3-6 months
Thoughts on kenobi?
Ya you pretty much gave my exact synopsis on book of boba. You should have mentioned the epic cringe spin in the final battle though
This is actually putting me to sleep
Kate bishop takes the name as Hawkeye alongside Clint in the comics so idk it was still Hawkeyes show
Commenting to appease the algorithm
LIKE A BANTHAA
I would love to see more videos like this. I know you do a lot of the long format videos and quickies too but this kind of mix is new!
Yes the voice
I was anxious to know if you actually enjoyed Arcane. I figured you would, but I've also seen enough of your videos to know that our tastes don't always align.
Hawkeye was the exact opposite for me where I wasn't looking forward to it and I loved it. I know it has flaws but man I found it so much fun and I liked that it had heart and he's just a family man. Hailee Steinfeld's perfect as Kate Bishop too.
Fun video as always. I’d like to pint something about that cad bane scene and why it’s bad: I think Dave filine and the crew forgot who cad bane was. 1)cad bane says boba get is a cold blooded killer-well duh did the show writers really need us to be reminded of the real boba fett? Why would cad bane care if fett was? 2)an older bane  beats boba in a gun duel-the clone wars had intended a young boba defeating a younger cad bane in a duel so good job on getting the characters wrong. 3)why would cad bane act so stupid with boba? Seriously going close range to a injured boba when all you had to do was shoot him? Is this the real cad bane who took no chances and outsmarted Jedi?
Gotta respect the fact that some people still care about Star Wars after Episode IX. I just have zero interest in that franchise now. Hearing that AI Mark Hamill voice was fuckin hilarious though.
Arcane made me like league and now want to play the game 🤣🤣
kate bishop is hawkeye though
Thanks for sharing your thoughts in this trying period but I just wanted to say that hearing Fortress of Lies in the background slapped me so hard I lost track of what you were talking about.
At this point I think Disney/Lucasfilms have to accept that they just need to find replacement actors for characters like Luke, because this deepfake/cgi stuff is no where near good enough yet
2 thing on the book of Boba. 1 if they were gonna go for a quasi mob show they shoulda kept with it instead of going to the mandolorian and then have a dumb robot fight at the end. 2 I would give Luke a pass if they just used a different actor or idk just have mark hamill look younger or something
i never knew i needed 5mph Vespa's in my star wars canon until Book of Boba Fett.  "put your helmet on we'll be reaching speeds of 3!"
fuck yeah smiling friends
I just assumed the reason why luke sounded like that is cause has an enlightened jedi that's always calm
Lazy….lol
Yes talk about peacemaker, amazing show
Crap I thought I might get the witcher but I guess not
COSMONAUT SUCCESSION ARC LETS GOOOO
Arcane was great. Probably up there as my favorite show of the year. Station Eleven is the only show that competes with it for me. Completely different shows that’s why it’s hard to choose for me. Both came out of nowhere.   I really recommend Station Eleven to anyone who hasn’t heard of it. It’s on HBO MAX. It’s a one season/10 episode limited series and the way they end it was so satisfying…which seems to be hard to do these days. I never read the book, but it seems the book readers loved the adaptation. Cheers.
DO THE DARK KNIGHT TRILOGY
More people should do reviews from their beds instead from their boring desks 💤 😴
Sebastian Stan should play luke in the future idk why they keep trying with the deepfake shit.
Very nice video 👍 Make sure to take as long as you need for a break
What is the background music? Really calming
Tall Girl 2 is out, just pull the trigger Marcus
Boba Fett Luke sounds like sasuke
I wanted you to do camp Cretaceous.
I really didn’t get the love hawk eye got , Kate bishop was a good cast but I legitimately felt the characters were never in any danger and it was just boring l
Boba Fett was pretty milquetoast at it's best, downright awful most of the time. Made me appreciate Mando a little more, which is fine Star Wars but bad TV. Disappointed with how Disney has handled this property
Kate Bishop is Hawkeye. She's the successor to Clint Barton. The title refers to both of them.
I’m pretty sure Marcus has become my favorite YouTuber, I love the way his videos are made and edited and I mostly agree with with his opinions. Can’t wait for the next vid 🤙
I’m pretty sure Marcus has become my favorite YouTuber, I love the way his videos are made and edited and I mostly agree with with his opinions. Can’t wait for the next vid 🤙
Honestly the deepfake looks great to me, the only way I know it is a deepfake is because Mark Hamill's not young anymore and I consciously look for imperfections.  At first, the voice sounded fine, but the more he talked, the more I started to notice how every sentence he spat out was delivered exactly the same. His voice didn't actually sound digital, but the delivery was noticeably artificial and I would at least hire a professional voice actor for future projects even if he wasn't a 1:1 match for young Hamill.
My favorite character in League of legends is boom girl person, also some context is I have absolutely no idea what league of legends is but i like FORTNITE and there was a crossover.
Boba Fett isn’t even the Star for like 40-50% of the show, it’s basically the Mando with Dave playing with clone war characters
Oh man I haven’t seen the boba felt show so I had seen the Mark Hamil CGI face in promotional stuff and b-roll video and was actually impressed that it didn’t look completely awful. But yeah that voice is just horrendous.
Beba Fett was just a series to set up a hub world for future projects.
i was hoping something about don’t look up
you would play the fuck out of league of legends
I have also been playing league since 2011 and I have been FEEDING also since 2011.
The luke skywalker point is so so true. God I thought I was the only one creeped out by it. Show did not need luke or grogu at all and boba deserves better smh
Boba fett being sidelined in his own show is the entire character in a nutshell in my opinion
Talk about demon slayer
They should of got sebastian Stan to play Luke
Wow
"I haven't really talked about anything I didn't like. I should change that"  *Youtube inserts new Jurassic Park trailer*
I don't know jack shit about LoL and I loved Arcane. The Jinx vs Ekko scene is absolutely phenomenal.
I always thought that Hawkeye was called Hawkeye because Kate Bishop eventually would just become the new Hawkeye for the MCU going forward.
I know I'm in the minority, but aside from the production/animation I was thoroughly underwhelmed by Arcane. The writing and dialogue seemed so mediocre that I stopped after the first episode. Maybe it gets better after that? Am I crazy or does anyone else feel similar
Don't feel bad for disliking Hawkeye Bub!!! Hawkeye is = 2 🦒 💩ing on a midget! The fact you don't like Hawkeye solidifies why I like you. Stop estrogenizing MARVEL!!!
My dream of having a nerdy black guy wake up next to me has been fulfilled.
TALL GIRL 2. We want for nothing more.
To me, I liked the Boba Fett show overall, but Boba himself just seemed a bit- washed-up compared to Mando? I’m pretty much of the exact same opinion as Marcus here, that Djinn kinda.. took over the show. And I loved the stuff with the Tuskens, but I feel like we just needed more.. interesting scenes with Boba to fill out those remaining episodes, instead of him just- making plans and talking to people, and making deals. I feel like Disney should have saved the Mando stuff for Season 3.
Not alot of videos? Man, you were killing it in 2021. You uploaded like 30 videos last year, WAY more than we were expecting and I loved every second of it. If you need a break, take it. You deserve it king!
Man that Nier bunker theme from 10:50 onward really caught me off guard.
Leauge rank or it didn’t happen.
Glad you enjoyed Licorice Pizza! It's my favorite movie of 2021 and not enough people have heard about it outside of the age gap controversy, so it's nice to see a nerd-centric YouTuber focus and bring attention to something like that!
Just going to point out with Hawkeye, Kate Bishop is also called Hawkeye. The run this show is based off of did a joke in its starring bit calling Kate Bishop also Hawkeye. So the show is about Hawkeye.
I think people forget that you’re not a massive organisation of people like some other YouTube channels. I always look forward to seeing a well tailored video from someone who cares about their content in my feed, keep up the awesome vids!😁👌
I like background music that's playing, anyone know what it is?
Catch up on castlevania 3 and 4
Me: Do Marcus and I hate the same things this year?  this video: pls let me have a break  we should probably let marcus chill a bit.
They could literally just cast Sebastian Stan as Luke and it'd work better
Marcus, how did you miss Scream? It was awesome!
Please google "baby yoda concept art"
Bobba Fett will go down as a show that couldn't even get through 1 season before either gave up on its self.  The Tuskan stuff is good, the rest is a total waste of time which then desperately lurches to meaningless fan service when it runs out of ideas.  Oh, also, what I will remember this show for, is the single worst car chase in history. Ever. It can never be dethroned. It was completely embarrassing that a studio as big as Disney let that come out.  Some of the practical effects desperately needed to be much better as well.
Man I love this channel
I absolutely agree with Marcus, if the show would have been called something like "Star Wars: Tales of Tatooine" I actually would have like it more
The baby yoda puppet looks like shit imo it's movements are so stiff it just completely takes me out
They just didn't know how to write boba, so that's why Mando is way more interesting
There are literally no pop songs in Arcane they are all... Steam punky
Can we get more Bedmonaut vids?
Can't believe you said the music in Arcane isn't always great when (imo) it's literally the best thing about the show. Like I wouldn't change anything about it, the soundtrack is simply perfect.
We needed this so much.
Thanks for bringing up the issue of the music. Arcane had some really questionable choices for music, the ending of episode three didnt need that song tbh it somewhat ruined the moment. But the Ekko and Jinx fight music was great.
Someone was feeling generous with their scores today
*SPOILERS FOR BOOK OF BOBA FETT*         I really wished Cad Bane was introduced earlier in the show and served as kind of the main antagonist (with Boba Fett actually as the fucking main protagonist) because his stand-off with Boba and potential death was majorly anticlimactic, like he was literally only introduced in the last episode and then he’s gone. It would’ve been nice if he and Boba had more of a cemented rivalry instead of an implied one that only fans like us would know, and have it build up over the course of the show. Ideally their rivarly should’ve been like Frank and Harmonica’s in Once Upon a Time in the West, with Fett finally killing Bane at the end (with no cop outs), and being able to at least receive some closure to his bounty hunter past.
I think the problem with BoBF is that Disney were afraid that Boba wouldn't carry the season so they played a safe card and brought in Mando in the later episodes. It's a damn shame since I really liked the first few episodes
Kate Bishop is Hawkeye
I'm extremely sad, that after release of good, but no so good as everyone say, Arcane no one talks about Dota animated show, while it's at least as good in terms of story, if not better.
He tricked us, we were pranked.
If Disney+ makes a show about Kate and Yelena team up show, that will be my most anticipated marvel series.
Crazy that you came out as a league player.
Even from his bed he lights his shots well
Just commenting for the nier music, Just an amazing soundtrack, and well picked. Nice vid man
POV: Your film school tinder hook up won’t stop talking as you try to find your bra
i liked hawkeye
But... Kate Bishop IS Hawkeye. So's Clint Barton. Both Hawkeye. So the show was about Hawkeye. 'Cause they're both Hawkeye.
Jesus Christ they’re gonna synthesize child Luke in Obi Wan instead of hire a child actor
Golden hour 😍😍
Why couldn't they just get Mark Hamill and just pitch his voice?
Man, you messed me up with that music.
11:32 “This isn’t a Hawkeye show, it’s a Kate Bishop show”  So it’s a Hawkeye show.
Lied in bed and watched this to feel immersed till the dog farted and pulled out out of it.
I also think the way Luke acted was very very wrong, even without the cgi and if it was a person. Like telling a baby he cant see his father and attachments are wrong is very deranged in the first place, and its even more deranged if you stop and think "wasnt Lukes whole arc in the last movie about how he loved his dad and wanted to save him".  I also still hate Ahsoka being played by a transphobe, and its very disheartening that shes gonna keep being played by one, and showing up randomly, on top of also being written very wrong. Like she should not care about the jedi shit at all, cause you know, they falsely accused her of terrorism and tried executing her, and its also very funny when you think about how in clone wars season 7, she refused to kill the clones during order 66 cause they were her friends and loved them, and the last shot of rebels is her going off to find her friend, cause she cares if hes hurt, and here shes like "yeah fuck attachments actually you cant see your child".
When did he make a video on the Mandalorian
If anyone knows the music he used please share them
Idk if it's an unpopular opinion but I really didn't mind the whole CGI Luke thing but I just hope it remains the exception and not the norm for like extra special moments and not a whole series of deepfake characters
Very interesting that you liked licorice pizza given it’s a movie about a grown woman being a pedophile and falling in love with a child.
React to tall girl 2 in Netflix
Crazy to see Smiling Friend get so much love from reviewers that tend to not give so such praise out very often
less go
The Boba Fett poster with like 20 recognizable characters all crammed into it is so funny, I can’t believe that’s real lol
Watching this was like a sleepover since i'm also laying in bed.😅
whats the song that plays during the hawkeye section? its calming and i really like it
Bro you should’ve reviewed the guardians of the galaxy game. I’m being so deadass it’s really good
Luke’s voice sounds like an english dubbed anime
damn is this tales of symphonia ost I'm hearing?
Thank you king! 🙌🏾 when’re you gonna make a video on your favorite One Piece Arc/Saga      *cough* *cough* Enies Lobby
As soon as I saw Cad Bane I was like "damnit, he's gonna die next episode isn't he"   My man literally showed up just to get killed by Boba lol
The beginnings of a smile/smirk/laugh when you say "I'm a grown man now!"  Is a real mood 😆
Breh so happy
nothing would be more comfortable then cosmonaut talkin about shows laying in bed next to you during valentines
cosmonaut sleepover
Da king is back
What I really like about this channel is when it introduces me to shit I never knew about or didn't appreciate enough, so it sucks we don't get more videos of Marcus talking about shit he actually likes or just things he things is cool.
Was that a Nier Automata song in the Hawkeye segment?
what is that, tales of symphonia music? nostalgic
That automata tho
I love the way this movie is set up
peacemaker bro cmon
93 views 459 likes
Keep this format please, it’s fucking hilarious.
Talking about how Din has taken Boba's original role is essentially what happened to Cobb Vanth too, in the books Vanth fulfills essentially a proto-Din character of a cold mother-fucker that carves messages of warnings into the forehead of a crime boss and makes alliances with Tuskans.
You thought we wouldn’t notice the awesome “Tales of” music in the background but WE DID.
I think Marcus is just over marvel movies
I was wondering why Luke seemed off to me. The face was fine so I didn’t really get why i felt weird about him. Now that you point out his voice i can’t not notice how awkward it is
The Luke voice sounds like the acting in The Last Airbender
Marky looks so adorable curled up in his blanket :)
Real talk... I kinda loved the Ketchup style. I think this works really well. Hopefully in the future if ya don't have a lot to say on a few shows again well get another one of these.
Must say I was not bothered by the voice or face of Luke Skywalker. I thought the writing and substance of that section was breathtaking. Idk maybe I'm just a dumb zoomer
Funniest thing about Boba Fett is that when Mando shows up, even the theme gets cooler
Ok i am lying in bed watching this on my phone, and I had to get up because it felt like me and Marcus were in bed together and I got really uncomfortable.
Tilt your phone and Cosmonaut is sleeping standing up
392
This is your greatest video of all time!
I like how in the last episode of boba fett they have the 2 most annoying characters from the mandalorian and boba fett together. The old lady who helps mando with his ship and that one political guy who is captured by boba
Smiling friends has amazing world of gumball style of differing animation styles
I hope some one besides me can appreciate the Evil Dead poster in the back ground
You should do Euphoria once season 2 is finished
licorice pizza more like domestic girlfriend *WHEEZE*
I keep hearing that Dave FIloni is the saviour of star wars and he should get full control. Now i agree that he can make great star wars stories but i feel that under him star wars will basically never move on from the original trilogy. People complain about "The Last Jedi" but Ryan Johnson clearly understood that the franchise had to move on from the original characters and create new heroes and have new stories. That's why the original mandalorian was so good.... but now we are stuck in cameo after cameo in a galaxy that feels extremely small.
Dang, 32 minutes in and I am farrr from 1st commenter.  Good job marcus.  Love the evil dead poster.  But, Kate bishop IS Hawkeye.  She's the new Hawkeye, it's a passing of the baton.  That car chase in ep 3 is awesome
ngl this feels like pillowtalk. and i like it
You using that NieR music everyone tends to use that music in videos
I'll say it as many times as necessary: They should just cast Sebastian Stan as Luke for any future appearance.
Tall Girl 2 didn't make the cut
Funny how Marcus talks about Luke for the majority of the time he discussed the Book of Boba Fett
Although I disagree with most of Marcus' opinions on Star Wars, I still love his channel and like watching it!
HES ONE OF US GUYS, a degenerate League Player!
Did anyone else get an add for Smiling Friends when Marcus said Smiling Friends??? That had to be planned
that wasn't luke.  that was llluke.
I watched the luke episodes of bobba expecting to hear Mark hamill or something, cause young Luke´s latin american voice actor died, and I was like "ok, mark is still alive, bet he voices luke" I thougth I was crazy because his voice had something wrong and I couldnt really pin point what it was, so thanks for letting me know I am not the only one who felt his voice was wrong
i layed on my bed in front of the monitor to feel by your side
Yes when it's done, watch Peacemaker
Great format! In the end we are here to listen to you talk about media. Keep it up
"I've played League for 10 years" You should never be afraid to seek help if you need it. More people care about you than you know
Love the video !!!! Wonder what you think about peacemaker
I agree with you about giving Luke Skywalker a new actor or just accepting that mark Hamill is old and just use him at an older age I'd be ok with that
I wish racing was still a part of tatooine culture. I think a show w landspeeder racing on Tatooine would be insanely cool
why is this some of the best lighting in a vid i’ve seen?
I really enjoyed hawkeye
Opinion of hawkguy i did like it but that last episode was very weak but I would like a season 2
I just couldn’t get past the age difference in Licorice Pizza. Apparently other people could but I couldn’t. Too weird.
More sleepy bedtime Marcus videos
what's the song playing in the Arcane segment?
Cosmonaut Marcus sleep stream when?
Everything alright Cosmonaut? Feeling blue? Just wanted to share that I ran into one of your videos two weeks ago and after that, I’ve devoured almost all of your repertoire plus shared to all my friends. While I don’t agree with 100% pf your ratings, I’ve enjoyed every single one. Hell, the Twilight saga videos are still cracking me up.  Hope that makes you feel a bit better
<3
get an editor it will save you this stress
Where's the wheel of time marcus? WHERE IS IT??
the CGI Luke convo is so spot on. not to mention the fact that its SUPER jarring to see a wide shot of an actor who clearly isn't Mark Hamill and then it cuts to a close up of CG Hamill. its so weird.
I don't  understand  how Luke can have met ashoka and just be the same guy he is before
A lot of people have been bringing up the idea that all these Mandalorian connected shows should just be one series with arcs like the Clone Wars was. Would be so much more straight forward.
Luke's robot voice sounds like he's being directed by Tommy Wiseau
Yes, a The Suicide Squad + Peacemaker video would be great
I love your use of The Nier: Automata Bunker music 🎵🎵🎵
The moment I saw arcane in the thumbnail, I knew this man, was watching the good stuff.
God, he really hit the nail on the head with the Star Wars stuff. It's literally just become that "Leo pointing at the TV" meme but as an entire franchise. Really hope Johnson's trilogy is still getting made, and the same thing with Taika Waititi's Star War's movies, those are the two directors I trust the most with this franchise now.
I'd watch the shit out of "Baby Yoda Goes To College". Take care, Marcus
I’m just liking for the ToS music
I mean, the “books” in the Bible aren’t about the supposed author. Just for a literary comparison to justify the Book of Boba Fett’s name
Guys, unless he shows his feet WITH shoes on, we can always assume that he’s keeping those elusive little stinkers barefoot, offscreen.
Nice bedsheets
Pretty chill video, nice!
Sleep well, king.
Good night markus
I love the Tales of Symphonia Music over the first bit
I think Luke in Book of Boba should be voiced by the same guy who voiced him in battlefront   Or just take the synthesized voice and turn in into a voice changer and have Mark Hamill speak into it
Him acting like we’d be surprised his geeky ass plays LoL
Anyone who wants to play league Zaxforever let’s rage together in a game we love.  Awesome vid. It’s so cool to hear you play league.
I think you missed the point of Hawkeye's title, Kate Bishop IS Hawkeye, both of them are, the title refers to both
The Mandalorian series was original supposed to be Boba Fett show
If kenobi isn’t good I’ll stop watching Star Wars this will legit be the last straw
But Kate Bishop IS Hawkeye! They’re both Hawkeye.
thanks for lying down with us
Idk why, but I deeply appreciate the music from NieR:Automata during the Hawkeye segment.
I peeped the Neir Automata music in the back. Love that game 👏🏾
I cant believe, in your speech about the mandolorian season 2.5, you didnt bring up the fucking power rangers.
Finally someone complains about the voice, there is absolutely no reason to create a fake voice since there were many voice actors who voiced Luke
Like a bantha
Tall girl 2 better be next
Hey Marcus question..COULD WE REDEEM THE ACTOR THAT PLAYS WINTER SOLDIER BY LETTING HIM PLAY A BEARDED LUKE SKYWALKER?
Luke is even more inhuman on that show than Heyden Christensen
i fuckin hate league but damn was Arcane good
sick evil dead poster
What's the music during Hawkeye? It sounds so familiar
I can confirm, I know basically nothing about League of Legends and I really, really loved Arcane
Peacemaker deserves a watch
I like how Cad Bane and Kingpin, two villains that fans adore, are introduced way too late in a show and then instantly kicked out and are supposedly "dead" after serving as nothing but fan service ( albeit some enjoyable fan service ).
I had the same thoughts about Boba Fett. All the non canon stuff the comics made about Boba Fett was put into the Mandalorian. They didn't want two of the same character so they had to do something different and it's fucking boring.
no way he plays league :O poggers
TOS SOUNDTRACK? MARCUS????
Not to be an “akshually” ass dude, but hawkeye is also Kate Bishops name so its fine. I dont think it makes it any better tho its still just okay.
I agree with you on the Hawkeye series not managing expectations correctly. I think maybe if they had done away with some of the side characters and given us sometime to see Jeremy Renner doing some cool ass shit as Hawkeye it would have felt a lot closer to what people were expecting. Sure Technically the name "Hawkeye" is referring to both Kate Bishop and Clint Barton, but if people haven't met Kate Bishop yet and the show is called "Hawkeye" I'm expecting Jeremy Renner to really be the main focus.
"Noone would watch this show if you had to like League of Legends" This is true, even people who play League of Legends don't seem to like League of Legends.
The show is named Hawkeye because they both are Hawkeye
HE REVIEWED ARCANE IT HAPPENED IT HAPPENED
Cosmonaut Katchup!!
Dude you have an Evil Dead Poster and you used Nier music in the background? Absolutely based
i personally really enjoyed book of boba fett but apart of me inside just wishes it was about him doing bounty hunter stuff for Darth Vader, that way we could see boba be ruthless but also give characters like ig-88 and bossk more character instead of just being cool looking toys
Perhaps, Fairfax or Magical Girl Friendship Squad? I didn't like Final Space if that gives me more credibility.
I agree with the boba fett  that mando is why cooler
When a video game (KOTOR) with dated graphics has a more soothing voice than a character who's supposed to be soothing.
Need the playlist for the background music in this video
All we want is more Freeside Thug and New Vegs
I thought I was the only one who found Lukes voice super weird.
Cosmonaut quicky ... and then it's a 26 min video 😍   More then i could ask for 😅
It’s about Kate becoming Hawkeye that’s why it called Hawkeye I guess
Saw arcane, immediately in
Hated 'hawkeye', there's a limit to my suspension of disbelief and that limit is when a 120 lbs teenage girl is kickin the crap out of 200+ lbs ex military goons. Tracksuit mafia was dumb as hell, and not enough Kingpin and especially freakin HAWKEYE! Totally agree this show was disingenuously misbranded. I agree with your points about BOBF EXCEPT for Luke, I freakin LOVE what they're doing with Luke. It's really freakin Amazing.
I agree with the majority of the criticisms of Hawkeye, but it’s worth noting that Kate Bishop’s super hero name is literally just Hawkeye the same as Clint. So in a sense the show was titled after her as much as it was after him, Marvel was just being cheeky with it.
If youre burnt out, maybe do a kotor lets play! Lot less editing
It’s weird seeing Marcus be so genuine, I’m not used to that.
I don't like how the economic relationship between zaun and piltover isn't really explored. Combine that with the fact that 90% of zaunites that travel to piltover explicitly go there in order to do crime... the politics are kinda muddy. Like, if piltover is exploiting zaun for cheap labor, that's very different from piltover having their own labor force and just kind of bordering zaun. It's implied that pilty uses zaun for mining, but considering how quickly they were willing to shut down the border, it doesn't seem like piltover relies on zaun for anything.   I love so much about the show, but can't say I think it's perfect.
One of my biggest problems with boba fett was how my just made boba soft. Like why is he so scared of hurting or killing people. He’s a BOUNTY HUNTER HE KILLS PEOPLE. Not everything has to be ultra kid friendly. And they made boba look worse by reintroducing mando just for him to body like 10 dudes in one fight
Book of Boba was alright. I’m glad boba didn’t just become EU boba part 2. I like seeing an older Boba.
Change the title of “The Book of Boba Fett” to “Mandalorian and Friends”.
Turns out i am indeed getting a valentines surprise today
HE SAID HE DIDN'T LIKE FALCON AND THE WINTER SOLDIER IN BLACK HISTORY MONTH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Ayo my freaking man is back
"A love story about a 15 year old and a 25 year old" ok... imma stop you RIGHT there chief...
The most accurate Boba Fett take!
I was thinking to myself: Luke sounds so unnatural and robotic. And I was right. His voice is literally a robot voice.
That intro song... Piranha Lullaby :)
you should do anime reviews it would be pretty entertaining
It’s so weird seeing Cosmonaut throw around 9’s and 10’s after giving really every other movie on this channel 4’s and 5’s.
Pretty good....9.5?  and another 9.5 for Arcane?  I can't remember you giving anything that high of a score.  Isn't a 9.5/10 a pretty big deal?  Like "one of the best of this type of thing I've ever seen" levels?
I have never even thought about playing LoL, but Arcane has become one of my favourite shows ever, I'm glad I saw some clips before I realised it was related to the game
Hope you enjoy your rest Cosmonaut you definitely deserve it after those xmen videos
I was running out of Marcus material to binge, thank you 🙏🏽
Boba fett doesn't even shoot his blaster until the finale. They dont understand what we wanted out of boba fett and gave every interesting plotline to Mando instead.
What does the kanji on Marcus' shirt means?
Does Marcus not know Kate is a Hawkeye so the show being called makes sense?
Would you like to see Sebastian Stan play Luke in the future?
Let’s fucking gooooooo
I also loved Hawkeye, Florence Pugh is so much more likeable than ScarJo.
isn't kate bishop hawkeye though? like technically they're correct in calling it hawkeye but its just not Clint specifically. the criticisms are very fair and i totally understand it though
I'm sorry but it's hard to pay full attention to the hawkeye segment when you play Fortress of Lies in the background. i'm vibing
This video was very warm
Arcane is so good it literally fools you into thinking that League of Legends is good when you play it by yourself.
*Epic*
damn arcane is so good
Bro 15 minutes ago
Great video
Am I the only one who was disappointed by Arcane? I feel the set-up is so great and then they fumble it with too many additional characters and sub-plots that you can't get attached to anyone. Please tell me what I missed because I don't get the hype.
Also didnt like book of boba. think im getting old
Lets Go Remember when Xin zhao came out! I miss you Twisted treeline!
Glad you liked smiling friends but also fun fact that renaissance men conversation was an actual convo the two creators had and just decided to put it into the show
Uh, Kate Bishop is Hawkeye now, so the name of the show is referring to her too, not only Clint.
I really thought Hawkeye suffered from its runtime being so short, because they just cram all the stories they can, and those had real potential. But it not focusing on Clint really hindered it in my opinion
This really does feel like a casual catch-up, this style of video is cozy af 👍🏽
Me thinking he’s about to talk about Boba Fett.  *licorice pizza*  Fuck yeah.
Alien.
Smiling friends getting all it’s flowers really is a W for all animators man.
hmmm
Yeah, Arcane and Into The Spiderverse have really demonstrated that the future of 3D and 2D animation is in combing the two mediums in cool and unique ways for these shows and movies. I'm really excited to see where another studio takes this concept even further.
i've never seen a video with only 144p, 720p, and 1080p. that's so weird...
you aren't gonna trick me into watching the league of legends show, marcus
Tall Girl 2 cosmonaut hour!!! We want it!!
What's the text on the CosmoBug's Hoodie?
Where’s aot mark
Smiling friends animation style mix is a lot like Gumball’s
Disney shows have been terrible outside of Mando bad batch clone wars and hawkeye. Loki ruined the character. Wanda was just boring.  The boba show was just him walking around. Din took his spotlight because he just does not do anything.
Do one on tall girl 2 i saw it on Netflix and though of u
Just found out Marcus plays league. Crying and shaking rn
mr. plinkett????
The background music really makes me want to sleep man lmao
So uh, TALL GIRL 2
JUST CAST SEBASTIAN STAN AS LUKE
Well I'm glad I finally know why Luke sounded off to me in book of boba fett
Luke Skywalker did feel so out of place and forced for me…
Do I hear Nier Automata music in the background? If so, good choice!
You know how you said you could use a series to talk about for next December.   How about Lord of the Rings?
Dog
Wait people don’t like Jeremy renner as hawkeye?
THATS WHAT THEY DID WITH LUKE'S VOICE. I fucking knew something was off his voice acting
I thought Boba was fine. I could complain about things, but I just do not feel like it.
refuse to watch arcane cus imagine dragons that it all
You're my favorite marcus..   Just saying
Kate Bishop is Hawkeye. That’s why it’s called Hawkeye.
Its a different angle from how he usually shoots his videos but I don't hate it.
But Kate bishop is Hawkeye
You should do this more often
Kate Bishop is Hawkeye though. Calling it Kate Bishop and Hawkeye would be weird when they’re both Hawkeye.
Boba’s always been overrated and his show just solidifies it.
Didn't notice that Luke was cgi, probably because I watched the show on a Trinitron hd crt.
@The Cosmonaut Variety Hour that casual Tales of Symphonia music in the background.
God you can just hear it in his voice how burnt out he is. Take as time as you need during your break
I know what you mean about Hawkeye but the reason for it to be called Hawkeye is the story of her becoming Hawkeye. She takes over the mantle and literally takes the same name.
Amen to Succession being 10/10 but soooo depressing, it gets even darker in S2 but I felt S3 was more fun
Lol he talkin' bout the new PTA joint. Nice.
So brave of you to come out as a LoL enjoyer, especially on valentine's day
you should do a lord of the rings trilogy vid
Can I be honest? I would rather see clips of the thing you are reviewing, rather than long shots of you just talking to the camera. It's awkward and tempts me to look away and do something else, then I miss half of what you say and get distracted.
Kate Bishops superhero name is Hawkeye tho Marcus.
This is by far the most genuine channel on YouTube 🤟🏻❤️
Oddly enough I think this might be my favorite Cosmonaut video. I dont know why but this was just such a vibe it was really fun
it’s always a good day when markus posts
Luke sounded so robotic
Congrats Zach Been listening to him since his SleepyCast days episode 1 He has made content with Chris Oneil and everyone that made us all laugh since the Skyrim days. He finally got his cartoon made. Dude deserves it Go watch Smiling Friends it's freaking hilarious
Can you please give your opinion on Season 1 of Superman and Lois?
Wait people don’t like Jeremy renner as hawkeye?
Finding out Markus is a LoL player is soul crushing
Do I hear tales of symphonia music in the background?
thank u for the out-of-nowhere upload king
I lost all respect for you as a reviewer when you start your vid off be giving a movie that’s about glorifying the grooming of a minor a 9.5
Fortress of Lies from Nier: Automata playing in the background of the Hawkeye segment. Marcus, a true man of culture as always.
Marcus video about Harley Quinn? 🙏
👍👍👍👍👍👍
Thumbnail: "Cosmonaut Quickie" Video: *is half an hour long*   ...my favorite type of cosmo quickie
I always get happy when I get a notification saying Cosmonaut has uploaded again
Ohh no trust me I can believe you play LoL that's all I'll say
Actually haven’t even tried Arcane, cause I couldn’t care less about LoL. Maybe I’ll try it out. It does look fantastic animation-wise
Wait people don’t like Jeremy renner as hawkeye?
No one I’d rather spend valentines with ❤️
the thing about succession is that season two is like slightly less sad than season one. it's actually pretty funny and highly entertaining with some sad moments throughout. but then season three is just absolutely depressing. like Bojack horseman levels of soul-crushing. best show on tv rn tho
I thought the same thing about the use of some of the music in Arcane. Had that same vibe of it not matching up.
About time Marcus
Oh my god we need to get some League gameplays vids
Yo
Father Marcus has blessed us once again.
Marcus I'm sorry you have very pretty eyes
Love you for not liking Hawkeye We share the same taste lmao,Hawkeye's character arc is ass in this
Love anything cosmo does ❤️
It's so accurate calling boba fett "mandalorian 2.5" He gets a few episodes of assembling passione and hanging out with tuskens and then that's basically it
I like this version of videos the music and cosmonaut laying in his bed just feels comfy
BRO! Markie likes TWBB, hearing that news is better than getting laid on Valentine’s Day.
Alright, Mr Sunday Marcus
Love your videos 💯🔥
Lmao
If Disney messes up with Kenobi, Star Wars is doomed
you ever watch attack on titan?
I've never slept with a hoodie on, but I bet it's very cozy.
I smoked some weed right before uploaded this u posted at a perfect time💀
Literally watched arcane 3 days ago and I hate myself for bot watching it sooner
Whenever he uploads it’s like catching a rare Pokémon
was excited to see what you had to say in arcane! saw some of it on twitter and got the basics but it’s nice to have a video. thanks marcus!
deep down Ive always known Marcus was a league player, he has the look in his eyes of years of torment and suffering.
3:44 ten years of suffering
LMFAO HES HERE
Love having cosmo on notifications
Arcane is one of the greatest animated series of all time. But you already knew that
Who else is here so early that the video is pixelated?
Burnt-out
I love the vibe of this video, I cannot wait for Cosmonaut Catch-Up 2022!
Props for the Final Fantasy IV music
Never clicked on a video faster before omg
I laughed so loud when the camera zoomed in when he said “I’m a grown man now” 😭 me with 10 years of Pokémon so I get it
Gay
NO TO LICORICE PIZZA, JESUS
I got so excited when you said you would talk about licorice pizza
💕
When you are well and rested, I would love to see you do a video about the Burton/Schumacher Batman films
Surprised no star wars visions honestly. It’s anime and stars wars and you love both( I think)
i barely ever watch any new popular shows. You not the only one that needs to catch up
89th
You are the gold Standard of YouTube :) pls keep Up dont wont Miss ya
Hey Marcus… make more videos just like this curled up in a ball It gives off a relaxing vibe and I’d guess it’s easier for u
I hope this " laying in bed while narrating/livestreaming" format takes off! Really strong, relatable 2020s vibe right here
What’s up Marcus, are we getting tall girl 2 on the picture show?
do Euphoria next
Great video, i am a huge fun of yours and enjoyed most of ur videos Keep up with the good work
Appreciate you making the video man
3:35 I didn't know you where a nerd
I love you father
Never thought I'd be in bed next to Cosmo
Let Marcus get his beauty sleep you picky nerds
babe wake up, cosmonaut uploaded
new cosmonaut video? whiskey poured and bong loaded 🤝
Can’t believe he’s actually using cosmonaut catch-up
I was laying on my side in bed when I watched this, gave me a very special feeling
Arcane completely unexpectedly became one of my favorite things to come out in 2021, it's simply phenomenal.
I have never clicked on a video this early
Hope you get better markiee
Ketchup is like A tier condiment I'd say
The best YouTuber of all time
This is so cozy to watch
ima be the first person to ask this, why haven’t you reviewed dr strange 2? Wtf you’re late.
Pp
THIS IS THE WAY
Cool
Marcus, You should do a video about Lord of the Rings and Hobbit movies :) Lysm
Rest up man, you’re my fav YouTuber, even when I disagree.
Don't know if you k wo this but I think there is a tall girl 2 on netflix now
Do more game reviews that would be awesome
Rest well man
i don't know why or how you're entertaining but let's gooo
Been waiting for more content but low energy cosmonaut in bed just makes my day
MARCUS
I thought I would be alone on Valentines day, but here I am, sleeping with Cosmonaut.
Well prepare your ass for more X-Men, because it looks like Professor X is coming back in Doctor Strange 2.
Less go
When no Peacemaker 😞
Damn I'm never this early lmao
Cosmonaut ketchup goes great with your Cosmonaut Burger and Cosmonaut Fries
Poor Markie, get your rest
Hey Markie
Earlier than **insert joke here**
It's ok king, you should be able to rest to your content
Your mother
when cosmonaut uploads it makes my cold little heart better 😊😊
I welcome death
I love you
I've been praying and praying you'd talk about Arcane, I went in as skeptical as anyone, and that show is in the running for the greatest animated series of all time.
🥺💕✨🌻
I’m here uhh yeah
Different video? No kidding.
Appreciate everything you do.!
Wow he remembered to use the suggested title from a year ago. Respect :)
Early
For certain reasons, I guess doing that large X-Men marathon was worth it huh?
Cosmonaut new video let’s goooo
Based catch up video
markieeeeee
NEW COSMO IS AN INSTA CLICK
Cosmonaut Variety 26 minutes and 25 seconds
An Arcane upload while I’m watching Arcane?  Go figure. Amazing show.
Yo whats the name of the channel that he streams him and his friends playing random games?
Omg uncle Cosmonaut hit me with the random upload
oh shit lets go the big boy is here
He’s back with the milk
Finally
👋
Hello Cosmonaut variety hour
You should watch tall girl 2 its really bad
i love you marcus thank u
Ayy you used that one person’s title suggestion! Nice :)
Hey I love your videos  Keep up the good work
He’s gonna be mean to BoBa fett I can tell :(
Third
Nice to see you used that fan’s title idea for this series.
I’m early for once
I have never clicked on a video so fast
Cool
WEEEEEEEEE
best channel ever
ONE PIECE BETTER
whats up
I see a vid of yours I immediately click
Hi Marcus
2nd
Never been this early wow
babe wake up, new Marcus vid
peepoSleep
First
Nice but see you guys next year
FIRST!!!!  I like how your charging your batteries in bed while doing this video. Damn there's so many High ratings *Enters Hawkeye*
7th
Quickies
Oh yeaaaa
second
HIII
First.
Second
I'm gay
2nd
HI MARKIE
heyyy he actually used the title
W MARKIE
Dope video
second
Firsy
First
Lol 1st
Yo
cosmonaut
Wow
First
