Im not sure about the requirement, will edit this comment once someone found the requirement.
Can't you just glitch through the door with flash step?
Req is 350.
Puzzle solved: 1. get Tushita and Yama mastery 350 or more 2. Choose to do 1 of these quest to get fragment to open the door I will go with Tushita quest first) 3. First quest is you had to go to game pass boat dealer than click Pardon me 3 time at different island than you will complete your first quest 3.2 Second quest is killing pirates that raid on the sea 3.3 Final quest of Tushita is kill Bigmom 4 Complete Yama quest 4.1 First quest is Died or get damage by npc and the moment you gonna complete the quest 4.2 After you get the quest there will be a fog like when Rip_indra spawn All you had to do is kill all now and the whole Third sea that had purple point on it (it randomly spawn) 4.3 Final quest of Yama is Died to Reaper 5. After you got 6 fragment (you earn 1 for each quest) you will had to kill the skeleton boss that after you killed it He gonna drop Cursed dual katana than speed running out from that builder cuz there gonna spawn endless skeletons that after you kill it it would gonna spawn endless until that sever is shut down that is all (it got confirmed)
I don't have toshito sword does that mean i can't do it with Yama sword??
what locations?
Hi some one know what i need to do because I kill big mom and she is not teloperting me to heaven and I already killed more than 4 times without seeing and I am level max
u
Idk why I can't read the scrolls, unlike Axiore, is there requirements too ?
i can open the door with 350+ mastery on yama & 1 mastery on tushita
it says the inscription is too hard to read. What does that mean?
To open the door you just need to have the swords but to do the sword missions they need to be at 400
Need 350 mas for the 2 swords, got stuck at haze of misery i dont know if you need to go to diff island to kill npcs with purple tags, I saw someone in the comments saying it ill try it tomorrow, also im trading dragon for dough and buddha
how does this guy already make a vid for evertyhing including the mastery showcase in less than 24hrs bruh
Me pls lol201iendiecie
i think the requirement is : mastery 400 on both swords
alr, so i just hit 350 mastery on yama and can now talk to scroll, 350 mastery comfirmed
I have both sword to 400 mas why won’t the door open for me please someone reply
I want if but my lvl is 216😢😢😢
99+ jeez
In the door with a hole is it
Well ummm I think I got in in accidentally
the requirements are 350 mastery on tushita and enma, tested it rn
Btw there is a blacksmith in second sea if you talk to him you can get a buff on Yama it's probably how you get the scroll in the secrat area
I just killed myself to npcs 5 times and got the "pain and suffering"
For the puzzle!! Tushita:  Dock Legend: Go talk to 3 boat dealers from 3 different locations Sense Of Duty: Do a Pirate Raid for One time Souless: Kill Bigmom, get teleported to some place like heaven, lit up three of the torches kill all mobs  Yama:  Pain and Suffering: Let someone hit you until your health is low Haze of Misery: Kill NPCs that have purple round markings on them Fear the Reaper: Kill Soul Reaper
How to get Cursed Dual Katana: Mastery Requirement: 350 Both Yama and Tushita  Tushita:  Dock Legend: Go talk to 3 boat dealers from 3 different locations Sense Of Duty: Do a Pirate Raid for One time Souless: Kill Bigmom, get teleported to some place like heaven, lit up three of the torches kill all mobs  Yama:  Pain and Suffering: Let someone hit you until your health is low Haze of Misery: Kill NPCs that have purple round markings on them Fear the Reaper: Get killed by Soul Reaper, get teleported to some place like hell, lit up three of the torches kill all mobs  After you finished all trials, you could open up the gate, to obtain the sword you have to fight a skeleton boss wielding the sword, to be able to damage it you have to use either tushita or yama, as other moves doesn't work on him.  this was copied from another video
How to get Cursed Dual Katana (CDK):  Tushita Scroll: Part 1 - Talk to three different boat npcs, click through their dialogue options until you see pardon me. Do this will all three boat npcs. Part 2 - Beat a castle raid Part 3 - Beat Big Mom (if this doesn't work, rejoin the server, get the quest again, and kill big mom again) Heaven - You get teleported to heaven as soon as you kill Big Mom. Once this happens, light all three torches by holding E right next to them, kill the enemies and boss that spawn, and walk through the portal.  Yama Scroll: Part 1 - Get low on hp/die a few times to enemy npcs Part 2 - You are in a field of mist making it difficult to see. You have to find and kill enemies (not bosses) that have purple circles highlighting them. They spawn all over the place in different islands and they are different per person (from my experience). You just have to keep killing until the quest tells you that you are done. Part 3 - Die to Soul Reaper Hell - You get teleported to hell as soon as you die to Soul Reaper. Once this happens, light all three torches by holding E right next to them, kill the enemies and boss that spawn, and walk through the portal.  Completion: - You get teleported back to the place with Tushita and Yama scrolls. You have to interact with both scrolls before interacting with the pedestal in the middle. Once interacted with, the pedestal will open the door, showing you the boss that has CDK. You can only kill it using only Tushita or Yama depending on what you are currently using. After it is defeated, you will acquire CDK but all of the skeletons in that area turn into enemies that you can't get exp from so you should just run away.
UPDATED (Guaranteed This Time) CREDITS : How to get Cursed Dual Katana: Mastery Requirement: 350 Both Yama and Tushita  Tushita:  Dock Legend: Go talk to 3 boat dealers from 3 different locations Sense Of Duty: Do a Pirate Raid for One time Souless: Kill Bigmom, get teleported to some place like heaven, lit up three of the torches kill all mobs  Yama:  Pain and Suffering: Let someone hit you until your health is low Haze of Misery: Kill NPCs that have purple round markings on them Fear the Reaper: Get killed by Soul Reaper, get teleported to some place like hell, lit up three of the torches kill all mobs  After you finished all trials, you could open up the gate, to obtain the sword you have to fight a skeleton boss wielding the sword, to be able to damage it you have to use either tushita or yama, as other moves doesn't work on him.  Revolving Raveger (Z) Slayer of Goliath (X)  -ToruKsan   God Human Requirements =  NPC = Ancient Monk Can Be found on a Tree with a Hole Behind Musketeers Teritory   SuperHuman Mas = 400 Dragon Talon Mas = 400 Electric Claw Mas = 400 SharkMan Karate Mas = 400 Death Step Karate Mas = 400  20 Fishtail (kill mobs in fishman island (1st sea) it has low chance, Fishman From Turtle Island (3rd Sea) low drop chance) 10 Mystic Droplets (kill mobs in Skull Island (2nd Sea) it has low chance) 10 Dragon Scale (Mobs On hydra Island (3rd sea) has low drop chance) 20 Magma Ore (Hot island in Punk Hazard (2nd Sea) low drop chance)  Beli Requirements: 5,000,000 $ Fragments Requirements: 5,000 F  Pls copy and paste this if you see this cuz some people can't read  For some reason there's people saying v2 is worse than v1 NEW
i think you need something like a key before going to a ghost in the Haunted Castle
Axiore Ik How Too Do The 2 Yamma Quest Its Easy
maybe with revive fruit we have to revive one of the skeletons
sense of duddy means castle raid and soulness mean soul reaper.
The mastery has to be 400 or higher on both swords
First u need 400 master both of the tishita and yama and then u can get ur first quest  1st quest: you need to talk the boat seller and click the next and u can see there is parod me and click it 2nd quest: u need to do a castle raid 3th quest is u need to get the quest then kill bigmom with tushita and it will teleport u and u need to light all the torch in there and one's u done you need to go in the portal 4th quest u need to die with the npc until u get the item 5th quest its called haze of misery and idk what that is thats all i can do thank you.
Omaygat bunda rahma
i think you need to equip yama  talk to yama scroll come back with tushita talk scroll and maybe other big door open note:just theory i havent try it
I think I solved the Yama puzzle  You have to kill the soul reaper, cuz it says “fear the reaper”
When i interact with the scrolls It says That is dificult to read
This is prob race awakening
Max tushita and yama both and it give u the scroll
you need exactly 300 on both swords i tried it and it worked    edit:but 300 mas is for opening the door idk for the scrools
u need all 3 legendary swords - tushita, yama and 1 more i dont know wich one So then they will oppen a secret room
400 mastery is the requirement fot the scrolls
you need to be maxed to accept the trials and i think u need 300 on each of the 2 swords to open the door too the trial rooms.
bru aint no way they got the ancient scroll from yba!!!!
did anyone found out that the deaft is from sword art online?
ok here's my theory on the CDK so when you talk to the Tushita scroll it said something about Boat legend Sense of Duty and Soulless right? we already know the first part of it which is to talk to Luxury boat dealers at the normal boat dockers from floating turtle port Town and the new island that's easy but the next part Sense of Duty I don't know what it truly means but my guess is pirate raid the Pirates are Raiding the Castle raid cuz think about it we sense that it's our duty to do something and Soulless is Big mom cuz the only that possess "souls" is well Big mom so I think that's the final part?. now for Yama I don't really know anything about it yet but that's my theory on the quest
I know how to do all the trials for yama   Pain and suffering - take damage from enemies. (Idk if its rng based, but i got it after i died 4 times to a npc/enemy)  For the 2nd trial (i forgot the name) - once you start it your screen will become foggy, but after that you have to look around the whole map for enemies that have a purple circle around them. Once you do that to all the enemies on all islands the fog will disappear and you will get the crystal (also kill the enemies where you pull out yama at, and you may want a friend to help bring you to the islands)  Fear the reaper (3rd trial) - You have to get a hallow essence at haunted castle and spawn in the soul reaper, once he is spawned in let him kill you. After that it will teleport you and you have to light 3 different torches and defeat enemies there   After you do that, head back to the crypt and you have to kill a cursed dual katana enemy. Once you do that your screen should turn black and you will have the cursed dual katanas after
Fellas... Im about to explain how to finish tushita quest,  This is the requirements: u need 350 - 400 mas on  tushita or yama, *First puzzle*: you gotta talk to tushita scroll then click first quest after that talk to luxury boat on floating turtle then go to last page of boat after that you will see *pardon me* you gotta click that then he will talk back to you, after you did that go to castle on the sea talk to luxury boat again then last page and you'll see *pardon me* click that again, after you did that go to hydra island then talk to luxury boat on hydra island you gotta talk to him again after you talk to luxury boat dealer, he will then give you alucrad fragment you gotta talk to tushita scroll and click second quest and thats how you finish first quest.   *For second quest*: you need to defend castle on the sea from raiding then after you defend it you talk to the scroll again.   *For third quest*: kill big mom or use soul killing big mom, i dont think you need soul to beat big mom but hope this helps:))
I think we have to wait for the full moon?
I solved it first try XD
I feel like the puzzles are linked when I flash stepped threw the wall I saw a window that looks like the one in the place where u get God human ( on the great tree)
i think i can help i just read the drawings and they are angel and demon so maybe you need to change race to skypiea and ghoul to read them and porbably need v3 of them.
Finally they added puzzle that actually requires braincells.
also there's a room in haunted castle that u can go in by glitching in there's a ghost there
Guys just do raid to complete first Yama quest
i tried it my yama is 400 and tushita is 366 so it's probably 350+ reqirument
400 mastery for tushita and yama
What mastery It needs
Get 350 mas on both Yama and Tushita (not sure)  Go to secret building behind Mansion  Talk to the guy  Get in the door   Now talk to Tushita one   1st, Tushita puzzle  Talk to the Normal Boat Dealer at Turtle Island, Port Town and New Island (Chocolate?)  Then talk to the scroll again...   Now talk to Yama one     2nd, Yama puzzle  Simply take the scroll, then wait for pirate to raid the castle. Now complete the raid and defeat at least 1 enemy, then talk back to the quest   3rd, Main door quest  Get a Chalice, talk to Blacksmith NPC at Port Town, it will turn to a thing. Now come back and put it in the place in front of the locked door, you opened the door to the boss.
It just a new puzzle to unlock Tushita and Yama for someone who don't have it
Someone already solved all of tushita puzzle https://youtu.be/zwXIjYfx3ZY
My tushita mastery is 600 and Yama mastery is 306 but I can't read both of it, it said "The inscription is too hard to read..." so it probably requires both 400 or 350 mastery I will try grinding Yama til 350 and see the result
Axiore i have find https://youtu.be/wW_UlRct3dw
yo axiore if you pray when its fullmoon the grave will ask do you want to play a game what does it mean?
HOW TO GET RACE V4?
Mixed them up
Zoro sword
i opened the door with my yama still at 145 mas and my tushita at 430 but i couldn't do the puzzle cus my yama isn't 300 or something like that
350 for both yama and tushita
My friend got a number of damage done to him, he was fighting elephant and they hit eachother at the same time and he got the achievement.
For pain and suffering trial 1 of yama you must take around 15k damage while surviving
Why i have haki v2 and enough sword but im cant read the scroll
the mastery requirement is 300, i have exactly 307 on yama and 316 on tushita and it worked, but i cant read the scrolls it says the inscription is too hard to read
The puzzle in a nutshell:  hide and seek  find me  kill me
Someone on youtube already solved the first tushita puzzle (2 more tushita puzzle left,and 3 more yama puzzle left) https://youtu.be/wW_UlRct3dw
i can read the yama but can’t read the tushi, i read it while full moon, idk does it have any connection but here’s whats it’s said: Pain and Suffering/Haze of Misery/Fear of Reaper/Pain and Suffering
Have ya tried putting yama in, then equipping tushita and putting that sword in. That might work since u only have one sword but need two.
I think you need to equip one sward and do that scroll then equip the other one
I think is need two sword put in and the door will open, one sword I think is yama
To see the Scroll you need max of Mastery
Scooter I figured it out
U need the fragments alucard u need all 3 frag ments
the tushita scroll says:  dock legend sense of duty soulless   the yama scroll is blank can someone help?
bruh shutdown
Npc's drips item. Example:wood, leather
its 350 mastery for both i think since mine didn't work at 300 but 350 did
i think what to do here is to find a key and a gods chalice to open the gate after that maybe you gotta do a obby  or maybe... you need to find an npc inside of the room
To complete the first trial of tushita (Dock Legend) you need to talk to 3 boat dealers and find the option "Pardon Me" once you have done this to 3 boat dealers, you should finish the first trial of tushita and get an Alucard Fragment. (pin)
Tushita Trials  Trial 1 - Talk to Normal Boat seller NPC in Port Town, Turtle Island, And Chocolate Island, hit the <Next> button till the <Pardon Me?> button  Trial 2 - Complete a Castle raid, You just need to kill 1 enemy in Castle raid to complete the quest.  Trial 3 - Defeat Cake Queen(Full Moon), this will bring you to a place where you will have to defeat mobs by lighting torches.  After finishing trial 3 you will be brought back to the CDK room, interact with the Tushita scroll to complete the Tushita Trial
what's dragon scale?
I opened the door left the game to play on mobile and the door closed and can't be opened again :(
wgat is 'pain and misery'
As far as dock legend goes, go to port town first I say
i cant read the scroll but may yama its almost 400
my theory is the time will be important since the time temple and redhead's hints lead to the  2 swords so it might be depending that it should be a full moon in your server for the boss to be spawned or the time you need to do thetrial
Is it just me or maybe mink & sky race is connected to this because of the drawing in the wall
how were u able to read the scroll
Sheeesh noo wayyyy i think i figure it out somehow
Guys, I think I just discovered something in the temple of time(im not sure, havent tried) When it's night time, check the moon. If it's midmoon or halfmoon whatever ya call it, then it won't work. But if it's full moon(a fully circled moon) then go into the Temple Of Time ASAP, because as far as I know, the full moon doesn't last for too long! I thought about this is because the gravestone in the Castle On The Sea mentioned about a "full moon." with the word "full moon" highlighted Please try! 🗿
UPDATED How to awaken dough? Ans: You  gotta talk to the npc in new chocolate island and complete the quest which requires 1 god chalice and 10 cocoa something which you obtain through killing npcs in that island, similar to how you get hidden key in ice castle in second sea. The quest gives you a candy chalice. Spawn katakuri while holding the chalice. Then, defeat him. It is said that you will get a key which opens up the door to cake scientist  How to get cursed dual katana? Door behind mansion with an npc near it. Npc will open the door for you. Inside the door, there will be 2 scrolls which you require a 300 mastery on both yama and tushita to read the corresponding scroll. The following is what the scroll says:  Tushita scroll: Dock Legend. (Luxury Boat Dealer, talk to him in every island thats what people say) Sense of Duty. (Complete a pirate raid) Soulless.  Yama scroll says: Pain and suffering. (go to haunted castle before going to reaper room theres a doorway on the right soru through it theres a ghost. still figuring out) (Rest not decoded yet)  How to get Superhuman v2? To get the human god you must have 400 more in ALL styles talk to miglet he spawns with a chance of a 1/100 every 5 minutes when he spawns he will say "a special human has arrived" then you talk to him and you have to do a simple quest and you get superhuman v2  How to store fruits? Click on your screen as if youre gonna eat it. There should be an option to store it.  How to awaken race? Something about a lever. You need max level and at least 400 mastery on every fighting style. (someone said this idk). prob need a full moon too.  Codes? SUB2OFFICIALNOOBIE Enyu_is_Pro  Other updates are mentioned in game-updates   This is what we know now. Do add on to this and most importantly, enjoy the update! Hope this helps! SPREAD THIS MESSAGE!
i think it would work when its fullmoon
Ngl I think you need a chalice to get the dual katana
tysm
the first one u need to talk with 3 boat sellers, the second one u need to do a castle on the sea, the third idk
i cant get anyone i have 392 mastery on tush and 318 on yama help
You need to do the quest until you do the quest there will be a boss and the boss is kozuki oden after you defeat him you will get a boss drop and thats the cursed dual katana  Note:this is my theory
The second tushi quest is castle raid
talk to boat dealer floating turtle port new island after kill elephant talk to scroll then big mom when ur at the place lit 3 torches kill npcs and u complete tushita idk about yama
I just find out about cursed dual katana now but its a long story
Pls axiore
Pls
Pls show how to get cursed dual katana
need help with yama quests
In this you need 350 requirements on both swords (enma and tushita
I’m on the soulless part rn
Anyone know what "your prayer has been accepted" or something means when I prayed at gravestone that happened and asked me if u want to play a game and the screen went black but nothing happened what does it mean? Pls explain
The soundtrack☠️☠️☠️
FOR SENSE OF DUTY, YOU HAVE TO DO THE CASTLE RAID WHERE THE PIRATES ATTACK! I just did it and it said the scroll acknowledged my achievenment
TUSHITA SCROLL FINSIHED: Dock Legend: Talk to 3-4 different Boat NPCs, scroll down until you see "Pardon Me" and press the option. Do this until you get a Message and Item.  Sense of Duty: Complete a Castle Raid Defense event. Soulless: (Believe it or not) Defeat Big Mom   Once you defeat her, it will teleport you to a room. It will have 3 torches. Once you light one, enemies will spawn. Defeat them and keep lighting the torches and defeating the enemies until the Giant Gate lights up and allows you to leave.   You should also be able to read Yama once you do.   If anyone has figured out Yama's Trials, let me know!
it says it opens the door but its still closed
stuck on yama trial first thing ... pain and suffering what could it be
I buck the door opens, but when I enter the game again, the door closes, but when I go to talk to the npc, it says it's open.
You really need to do the requirements to read the scrolls
i think dock legend, sense of duty and soulless is quest:V
Tf new update super HD
Hello i know some things for the tushita one i am at the 3rd trial rn
Im guessing u can get the scrolls by killing Sea Beasts Or By Going To The Mirage Island
Aziore here is a theory i have  to get Cursed Dual Katanas so basically you know about the Player hunter quests and elite hunter quests? i think you have to get them both to at least 30 kills in order to get the scrolls filled and i am not sure what to do after but that is what i have thought of for now.
U need both sword
Can u make vid how to get godhuman
I opened the door but after I left it won’t open anymore
i hope you fast get 1m subs
I figured out the first two tiers in the tushita scroll and i have a very good guess what the third one is
THIS UPDATE SUX I WANTED TO SEE PHOENIX I UNSTORED IT IT SAID STORGE FAILED WHEN I TRY I EATED FRUIT GONE BUT I DONT HAVE POWERS
the tushita puzzle  dock legend - talk to any luxury dealers and click next and click pardon me until u got alucard fragment sense of duty - finish pirate castle raiding soulless - kill big mom
Dock legend might be the boss on the starter island for third sea
Fun fact the scroll is from a game called yba
does anyone know the requirements to get the human god or awk race?
Axiore, I think you need ghoul and skypiean to read the scrolls
First quest is dock legend You need to talk to luxury boat dealer and click next until reach page 3 and click pardon me Do this with 3 luxury boat dealer. And you will get fragment
pls some1 reply, the yama scroll says, pain and suffering but the tus one says its blank. i have 400+ mas on both. pls help
U Need two players that have 400 mastery and let him read the another scroll
i was unlucky and i click yama first sad
the first quest of the scroll is to talk to the luxury boat dealer (keep press next and there should be a button called "pardon me" if it didn't give anything try to talk to other luxury boat dealer, you will get an item called "alucard fragment"
guys soulless: kill big mom... help pain and suffering
Dock legend:maybe check under all the dock Sense of duty:idk this one Soulless:maybe in haunted castle or u have to defeat the boss
i have tushita at 345 and yama at 301 and the door opened for me but cant read scrolls
Axiore can u check under all dock maybe where will be a button or something
i think the dock legend is our first trial(i al done it) when u talk to the scroll again it will give u the second trial but idk what sense of duty mean!
For Tushita go to graveyard and go inside the castle, up the stairs and talk to the ghost (You will be stuck and have to rejoin the game) for dock legend you must speak to the normal boat dealers at certain islands for me i had to speak to the one at the new island (2300+), Port town island and Sea turtle island. still figuring out "sense of duty" reply if you've got it
The tushita quest first trial talk to all boat dealers and click pardon me on page 3 2nd trial complete a pirate castle raid 3rd trial kill bigmon and you will be teleported to a place and light all the torches
Dock Legend = Talk to every Luxury Boat Dealer in every island then go to page 3/3 then select "Pardon me" [A achievement will appear on the top of your screen when you've done it correctly then you'll get Alucard Fragment] Sense Of Duty = Complete Raid in Castle on the Sea Soulless = Before doing this, you must accept 'Third Trial' and after that, go kill bigmom and you'll be teleported to heaven-like place and you need to light up torches (there are 3 torches. Light up 1 Torches and it will spawn 1 wave of enemies. the last torch you lit up will include a boss that's using light fruit) after completing on lighting up all torches and killing all enemies, proceed to the gate and return to tushita scroll
So I have tushita and yama with 300 mastery but it won't let me in yet. So i think the npc will let you in depending on your level. Maybe 2300? Since you get yama at 1700 and tushita at 2000 (300 levels diff)
There is a npc in the top of the great tree and it telepors you in a place like that room maybe its connected
For yama need ghoul race  For tushita need skypien race  Look the picture in wall
Watch Jason's stream
Ty axiore i need this
I found a secret room in haunted castle and there i see a npc ghost
Bruh the update just come out and axiore alr found the puzzle location
first trial is talking to any boat dealer u can see the pardon thingy talk about 3 of them in 3 diff island  for the second one is being a marine and doing the pirate raiding the castle  for the third im not sure but i think killing longma or something is needed?  first and second works btw
I have a theory that I think of it you need 2 people to do this puzzle 1 person have 400 Mastery tushita another person have 400 mastery on Yama and put god's chanlice at the middle and then 2 person read the scroll and maybe the puzzle will open the door and fight boss
as my experience so far, the requirement should be 350mas for the sword, my tushita is 350 and I can read the scroll quest like in the video, but my 311mas yama will appear the message "this is too hard too read"
What your yama mastery, Axiore ? you can take tushita scroll why you cant take yama ?
I just noticed that when you kill an npc or you reset character there will be a blue effect with a skull on it
This new update is amazing
You also know where superhuman v2 is?
Hey axiore, where does my inventory chess went?
2nd trial done, dm me yk
I'll help you, in the first mission of the tushita is to talk to the boat sellers, in the second is to do the pirate raid
UPDATED How to awaken dough? Ans: You  gotta talk to the npc in new chocolate island and complete the quest which requires 1 god chalice and 10 cocoa something which you obtain through killing npcs in that island, similar to how you get hidden key in ice castle in second sea. The quest gives you a candy chalice. Spawn katakuri while holding the chalice. Then, defeat him. It is said that you will get a key which opens up the door to cake scientist  How to get cursed dual katana? Door behind mansion with an npc near it. Npc will open the door for you. Inside the door, there will be 2 scrolls which you require a 300 mastery on both yama and tushita to read the corresponding scroll. The following is what the scroll says:  Tushita scroll: Dock Legend. (Luxury Boat Dealer, talk to him in every island thats what people say) Sense of Duty. (Complete a pirate raid) Soulless.  Yama scroll says: Pain and suffering. (go to haunted castle before going to reaper room theres a doorway on the right soru through it theres a ghost. still figuring out) (Rest not decoded yet)  How to get Superhuman v2? To get the human god you must have 400 more in ALL styles talk to miglet he spawns with a chance of a 1/100 every 5 minutes when he spawns he will say "a special human has arrived" then you talk to him and you have to do a simple quest and you get superhuman v2  How to store fruits? Click on your screen as if youre gonna eat it. There should be an option to store it.  How to awaken race? Something about a lever. You need max level and at least 400 mastery on every fighting style. (someone said this idk). prob need a full moon too.  Codes? No news yet.
???
I think u need the new accessories maybe and the req ill say about 300 on both tushita and yama
the second trial on to tushita sense of duty you have to complete a castle raid
DM ME, I NEED UR HELP,  I MIGHT KNEW HOW TO GET GOD HUMAN
u from vietnam?
i think the mastery is EXACTLY 300. I had my enma at 300 mastery exactly and it opened. Please like so axiore can see
maybe you need 400 mas of both sword then god chalice and the door might open (warning this is just a theory)
I Think You Need Hallow Essences Or Cup Chalice...
Question what’s your favorite unawakened fruit from the new update
On Xbox I can’t ally the button won’t let me open it maybe a bug
If I'm guessing from what I've seen for tushita quest you need to talk to 2 specific dock people sense of duty is probably killing loads of pirates as a marine and soulless might be killing low level people idk if this helps but it might
GO TO DOCK
Tushita scroll Dock legend: talk with any boat seller (every islands? idk but i got Alucard fragment) Sense of duty: pirate raid at ssea castle (also got alucard fragment) Soulless: i dont know
I think you need 400 mas on yama and tushita then for the door in the romm is prob entrance for the curse dual katana
open door i think its need one of yama or tushita higher than 300 or need only have them cuz my yama already 0 mastery scrols to read it you need higher than 300 mastery
i have tushita 300 mas and yama 120 mas but i was still able to open the door
What could the Pain and Suffering be?
I found a lever at the Secret place top of the Great tree
What’s it talking about when it says “the full moon”
Can it beat goku tho?
There's also a ghost npc in haunted castle don't talk to him it the text will be permanent until you leave
I just found something else out. I'm not sure what it's supposed to do but you get stuck once you talk to the npc.
I found him in game and talked to him before i watched this video. And i thought that this was the cdk puzzle. But i think requierements to open door is to only have tushita and yama as i only have mastery 100 on them
Hey, Axiore, there is 3 quests, 1st quest - you have to ask 3 luxury boat delear "pardon me" in the last page, and after 3rd dealear you will get alucard fragment. Then you can do 2nd quest idk how. I saw it in thai man video
I opened the door just having tushita and yama bc i have them both like mastery 100 and it said the scroll is too hard to read
How to get mink v4
I figured out dock legend
So much bully I wish I never see or play Roblox!!!!!!😠😠😠😠😠
I don't like blox fruit any more
I hate this update i try to stored my buddha and it's say stored failed and I eat it and..... Is disappear
Yama scroll says pain and suffering
can you tell me how to get it, i don't know how to get it
I want to know what app do you use to make sound?
I can tell that the req to open the door is 300 or 350 Yama and tushita  because my Yama and tushita is both 350 and I can open the door
Yama is pain and suffering
Why can't i take the first trial of tushita?
The requirments yama and tushita must be 400 mastery
I think u need both to be unlocked and max lvl or smth like that
To get the dock of duty you need to talk to every single boat npc
Axiore i want to ask you about something called scarp metal, what is this item use for?
Guys maybe u need a friend that has a yama and u have a tushita??
can u show how to unlock dough raid?
Is the update our?
I have tushita 300+ i just need to unlock yama
Maybe sky race for tushita and fishman for yama its like written on the wall.
Axiore how to awakening dough??
The requirements is you need tushita and Emma sword bc tushita + enma = dual cursed katana
It's 300 mas
GUYS I MAY HAVE CRACKED IT: DOCK LEGEND: PERHAPS FISHMAN AWAKENING SENSE OF DUTY: MAYBE SKY RACE AWAKENING SOULLESS: GHOUL (You’ll have to get all 3 maybe, cuz it starts with dock legend. Then after u do those there’ll be trials for Yama, and once u do that maybe u get a key that opens the door for a boss fight)
For the first mission of tushita u have to talk to the normal boat dockers from floating turtle port Town and the new island and u can finsh the dock legends idk the second one though your welcome guys good luck to you all
ok here is  my theory there is 2 scroll and the mid of room is like a boss spawn place there must be 2 boss after u kill 2 boss u will be able to read the scroll after u u read it u get a jewel which is  the thing to put on at the end wall of the room(the requirement to enter into the room must be ur lv not master of tushita or yama cuz i have both 600 mas) note:maybe both scroll will give u quest to do
looks like it all leads to the haunted castle, soul reaper?
axiore try the v4 of race
Dough showcase raid pls
Maybe we need two people, each equipping different swords?
Why can't I put it in when I take out the Devil Fruit?
How to get race v4
Hallo axirore
Can you show me where godhuman is found?
the ghost behind the second floor door where the scythe boss is is bugged
IT SAYS TRIAL. YOU HAVE TO DO IT ON FULL MOON
wait 600 mas on yama and tushita
There was something that said “the light above the full moon peaks through the clouds” does anybody know what that meanssss
I found a Hidden switch for a Hidden door
How to summon new bosses ? I have the new chalice
Anyone know how race  awkakening works
Where is the puzzle dough
i cant read the scrolls?
huh i only have 300 mastery but the door opened
You must have one of the sword and touch the scroll of the sword you have and it will give you a quest
Tushida scroll says dock legend go to the dock at turtle island and scroll to third boat when you have enough mastery or something itll say pardon me and for yama itll say pain and suffering go to haunted castle before going to reaper room theres a doorway on the right soru through it theres a ghost
Axiore speed running this 💀💀💀💀
Wowwww
TH REQUIRE MENT IS 300 ON YAMA AND TUSHITWA I tried and that what i have
I have both swords at mastery 450+ and it worked, the door opened
behind the door is nothing lol
THERE WAS A LEVER ABOVE IT AND IT ALWAYS SAYS U LACK STRENGHT TO PULL THE LEVER
I found a npc but i cant talk to him. Him name is ghost
I think the writings on the scrolls are quest which you can only do with each sword to finish it's contents and then you can get to fight the "boss" so you can get the dual swords. Just a theory
do a showcase of evey revamped fruit please
Haunted ship Boat merchant,Port town boat merchant and Floating turtle boat merchant. Reply pardon me on them to finish the first Tushita trial
AXIORE IM  SPOIL  I HAVE FOUND SECRET AREA  I GO IN GREAT THREE UP AT BIG THREE AND I FOUND NPC I TALK AND I TO TO SECRET AREA BUT IDK HOW I OPEN
Pls do more about godhuman
Axiore!!!  if it's full moon at night, the boss will spawn in the temple
Who here read the scrol and it said u can tread these abciern smth
I solved da puzzle
u need demon wisp and max level then wait the full moon appear
You gtg need scroll of yama not sure
Axiore can you show how to awaken the dough fruit pls
to solve the puzzle you need to talk to the luxury boat dealer at port great tree and sea castle  might be wrong . dont blame
Dock legend - find one secret ncp on the dock.
BRO UPDATE JUST CAME OUT YALL FINDING THIS?!
I have 300 both swords can't open
Bro, i lost a phoenix for a bug... I get phoenix and eated, but i not get the skills of fenix. I continue with dark ;(
Hey I just went to look for dock legend I talk to the boat dealer at turtle and he said it always nice to see a similar face around here idk if it helps but ye gl
How do I get god human
I think you need max armament haki level and 300-500 level of both yama and tushita sword
Do dough awakening next
LOL HOW DID YOU ALREADY FOUND A SECRET XD
Axiore tutorial pls v4 all race
will you need tushita and yama in max mastery ???
Axiore is godhuman in the game?
V4
GUYS GO TO HAUNTED ISLAND AND GO DEMONIC SOUL AND GO LIKE ABOVE AND U WILL SEE PATH THEN U CAN SORU U WILL FIND A ROOM WITH A GHOST IF U TALK TO THE GHOST UR SCREEN WILL GET JUMPSCARE THEN GET STUCKED
MY DOUGH FRUIT DESSAPERAD FROM MY INVENTORY WHYYYYYY, i didn't give it to the cientist ;-;
HOW TO USE THE SWEET CALLICE?
to read the scrolls I'm pretty sure you need mastery 400+ on each sword because my tushita is only 357, my yama is 347 and I can't read the scrolls
Hey axoire i was just boss grinding  fujitora, and i got a meteorite i was wondering if you knew what it does
you need 400 mastery to read the scrolls
On port town there is a blacksmith which can upgrade your Yama, it surely has something to do with it
You need both 500 mastery Yama and Tushita
i dont think you can read the scrolls if your mastery isnt high enough cuz i cant read them while you could
PLEASE LOOK AT THIS COMMENT  YOU DONT NEED 300 MASTERY FOR DOOR TO OPEN MY YAMA IS 100 AND MY TUSHITA IS 160 AND I STILL OPENED IT
I think i know how to solve this puzzlr
please godhuman next
Are there any new codes?
Eu falo o cara é outro nível!! GODHUMAN PLSSSS
The requirement is probably 300-350, I noticed that there are some similarities and clues between the temple of time and this place:  - First off, the grave from castle mentioned about keys and trials after you go to temple of time, in which the word trial is also mentioned in this room - Secondly, the grave also mentioned about the full moon, stating that: "Powers involving time always work best under light of the full moon", referring to the temple of time (I got the full moon once in my private server, I dont know if this is by chance but I didnt know what to do at the time) -Thirdly, in axiore previous vid about temple of time, you can see that he soru'ed past a white wall into a room but got kicked out of there immediately, so you most likely need to have maxed level in order to access that room and maybe another factor like the full moon(?) - Finally, if you watch the blox fruits sneak peak video at 0:45, there's the dual katana boss, the place the boss was in bears a striking resemblence to the room in temple of time ( you can watch in axiore vid to compare)
I lost my dragon because i can't storage her on my bag(my only dragon) and i want it back, its a blox fruits bug, i recorded this bug
Umm Hey guys dont't walk if you eat ong fruit it can make you lost fruit
so theres a ghost in haunted i recomman not too talk to that npc he stuck u in place or reset u can move but not talk too npc or just rejoin
How about the dough awk?
Don't mean do be rude  The update is really awesome! But the Ocean dosent match it.
Already damn
U Need gods chalice
Superhuman v2🤭
axiore do how to get super human v2 pot please
I already know that it’s pretty nice me and my And found it it’s cool if you share it
axiore, i found the superhuman v2
the mastery is 300, cuz i barely have above 300 mastery on both swords
Apparently you can open the door with 300 mastery on Both swords, But you can't read the scrolls, it says 'The inscription is too hard to read'
Axiore how we will get god human help
400
i cant store my fruit I was trying to get rid of this bug, and I accidentally had a spin fruit
i got bugged out. I opened it the first time but i went to a dif server and now it says its opened but the doors closed
Is there a new code?
DOUGH PUZZLE AWK PLSS
Axiore can u do how to get godhuman
I'm 400 mas on both and I open
god human?
Do u know how to awaken the race? I need help with that so if u know pls reply
I think i new it now when ever it says the llight of the full moon peaks to the clouds go to the top of great tree the answer is there
Soul guitar:(
the update ON MY GOSSH
how to do dough raid i think the npc at new Island that need chalice and cocoa will be the npc to do dough raid maybe after killing katakuri true form it will tp you in ascension area haha im not sure but its hard dude wth
when it says that u lack strength to go to the room u gota be lvl 2400
Npc awk dough?
Axoire try to talk to the dock people since i think you can talk to them now
Hey axiore can u give us a video about place to awaken Race and place fir godhuman?
You need 10k for spec and 1k for pluck Lol
Idk what this do but you can get demonic wisps by killing demonic souls in haunted island, im still tryna figure out what it does
Pretty sure that you need to equip yama and tushita then interact with the scrolls, requirement maybe mastery
Mastery requirement 300
I opened the door and go to the yama scroll it say "The scroll appears to be blank." and tushita scroll say "Dock Legend" What is it?
There's a npc at port name blacksmith
Where is awakening race
Make me need about temple of time?
There is a ghost in the haunted castle it is In front of the stairs idk what it is but use soru to get in
Bruh i was making a vídeo about this thinking that no one Else have made It bruhhhhhh
yba ancients scroll
I think the requierements are Tushita and Yama (must be obtained) 300 of masteries.i got it with tushita 600 and yama 300
Ur not the first to do it
i have 300 mas on both swords and couldnt go through
hey axiore where is the fruit envanter
axiore, I think for dock legend you need to upgrade tushita, not sure though might want to look into how to get materials if you find anything dm Dannys#3078
300
Wats buy microship for dough awk?
white scroll= dock legend black scroll= the scroll appear in the blank (my friend has  600 mastery on yama and tushita)
the temple of times is for cdk you have to wait for a full moon and you have to meet the requirements for it
i saw smth like a full moon in my server idk if its rare but i couldnt do nothing
me exactly the 50,000 viewer
How to awaken race
white scroll= dock legend black scroll= the scroll appear in the blank (my friend has  600 mastery on yama and tushita)
hi axiore , i did the gravetsone try your luck and when i did it said " wanna play a game" i said yes then nothing happened this might be a bug or glitch i am not sure but it could be something realted to a puzzle
white scroll= dock legend black scroll= the scroll appear in the blank (my friend has  600 mastery on yama and tushita)
white scroll= dock legend black scroll= the scroll appear in the blank (my friend has  600 mastery on yama and tushita)
white scroll= dock legend black scroll= the scroll appear in the blank (my friend has  600 mastery on yama and tushita)
white scroll= dock legend black scroll= the scroll appear in the blank (my friend has  600 mastery on yama and tushita)
white scroll= dock legend black scroll= the scroll appear in the blank (my friend has almost 600 mastery on yama and tushita)
I was in a Saget and it said some about a moon shines or sum like that
Hi, I have a question for everybody who reads this comment. When I ate 1 of the 2 rubber fruits that I had, the one that I didn't eat disappeared, same with my 2 Chops and Smokes, why?
I think we have to put yama and tushita on the two littles blocks
How can u read em;-;
Its 300 i got yama and tushita both in 300 and it worked
This is a huge mistake by the dev they think we have enough braincell for this stuff
Can try showcase Rubber
Hey axoire can you make a video showcasing all the new things in update 17.3?
i found god human seller probably
The moon
AXIORE I KNOW HOW TO GRT IT ITS PRETTY EASY XDDDDDD
What, update 17part 3 ?
I opened the door with 400 mas and the scroll I think needs some 500 or 600 mas cause my tushita was max I can do it but my Yama is 400 the scroll blank
Sir axiore can you make a video for super human v2 plsss
Soul guitar too bro please
axiore i just figured something out so with ya ma u can kill a plyer like saber v2 and it changed it said pain and suffering and now says too hard to read
The Light Of Full moon peaks through the clouds THE NAME OF QUEST RED HEAD IT GONNA APPEAR ON THE CHAT
Axiore i commented on ur other vide of the temple
they used the YBA ancient scroll model on the pedestal thing 💀💀💀
This is probably gonna be very difficult
i don't know why i cant read it
I think its like rip indra boss
Dough awkkk
Thanks
NEW TOP CREW IS DUCK KING MAYBE THST HAS CORILATION TO DUCK MESSAGE
Lol why does everyone has the same blank paper mine says it’s too hard to read
I find spuer human ncp
It says the inscription is too hard to read
My tushita is 302 at mastery and yama at 379 so pron the requirement is 300 on both
I think the temple of time is for race awakenings or godhuman New island for dough v2 And this one is obviously cdk but the trial  Idk bout the trial tho
how to get race awaken?
hey axiore i want ask how to get god human or superhuman v2
Bro I just ate the Leopard Devil Fruit but I didn't get the power of it 😭
Ayo whats the requirements for Dough awakening??
Pls dough awk tutorial
axiore I took a dragon in my hand and I can't keep it, I click on storage and it says "storage failed"
anybody know how to get dough raid chip
Is soul guitar gun?
My yama is 300 mastery and my tushita is like 335 and he still opened it, so i guess its 300+ on both swords  edit: he opened the door, but both of the scrolls inside say "the inscription is too hard to read", so im guessing the req is after the actual door
thx
Axiore, what does this message indicates? The light of a full moon peaks through the clouds
I will come back and comment when I found it
WHAT ABOUT DOUGH AWAKENING
Axiore Speedrunning blox fruits in an hour after its update got released
Pls soul guitar tutorial
The requirements are legit just the swords cuz i have no mastery on them and it let me in
Make a video about how to unlock dough raid I have 500 mastery on dough
THANKSSS
Sir Requset How to race awakening
Hey @Axiore how about god human is it out?
Light is so wooooow
MASTERY IS 300 ON BOTH SWORDS 100%
y ahora de la dough como se puede despertar
it says first trial. dock legend anybody know what that could mean?
the requirement is 400 tushita and yama mastery, i just unlocked and i have 400 mastery only on both
Will you be able to get the superhuman V2?
AXIORE I DMED FOR INFORMATION BUT U BLOCKED ME SEE INFORMATION
Axiore how get v4 race u gonna make a tut vid?
I already glitched in lol and I don't have requirements
Dough awk requirement?
What about godhuman
Doug
Pls do how to race awaken
For me, this is the most difficult part of the update, knowing the locations of each thing, its requirements, and without a doubt, my respects to axiore and the Youtubers of Blox fruits that help us
V4 race's puzzle plissss
Godhuman pls
I'm excited, the first thing I'll do is wake up the Dough and then launch pure PVP
It opened for me
On the titles, there might be a clue
Go to hounted castle I found ghost npc in secret door
How y'all finding is fast
u know any codes?
Just grab Yama on your right hand and tushita on your left hand easy
Axiore pls how to awaken dough
How abt God human?
Hey axiore how to awaken dough?
Have you found god human npc yet?
my friend got a demon chalice something like that
Axiore can you show the awakend mink ?
axiore has a New reset status code ?
LOOOL IS SO EPIC
dough awk
Can you do dough awakening
Ty
Update trash I can’t store my soul fruit it glitched and now it keeps saying storage failed. Also, when my friend tried eating dough it didn’t even equip for him
Theory 1 : We need the god of chalice and mastery of both sword (yama , tushita) and the level or idk Theory 2 : We need to spawn rip _indra boss and come to that place i guess?
Me waiting for the Dough Awakening puzzle to come out and be solved so I can start awakening my Dough: Take you time Axiore, I'll just sit and wait here : )
Im pretty sure the requirement to talk to the npc that opens the door is both swords mastery 300 because my yama is 335 mastery and my tushita is 400  edit: there’s probably no requirement to talk to the npc but u need 400 mastery on both yama and tushita for a new text from one of the scrolls, idk what to do after u get the text tho and u can only see this text from the darker looking scroll.
400 mastery required I enma 'yama'
Axiore what is for ore
The requirement is 300 in each odens sword i have 300 in both swords and is open
i want code
God Human please
w
Anyone seen the message that says the light of a full moon peaks through the clouds?  Edit: I found out that the sealed king says "powers involving time always work best under the light of a full moon"
God human please
Grax Gracias
I think u need bones
I can't keep fruit
I opened the door to the room. Apparently the requirement for the door opening is about 300-350 masteries on both yama + tushita (probably more but idk). If you jump on the skeleton next to the big closed door, you can soru into a different room. Inside, it looks like a place for a boss, so you probably have to kill it to get cursed katana (just my theory).   side note: i dont know anything about the puzzle yet
Ok
Pls v2 dought
"feel free to discord message me on discord"
Thanks for adventuring the new world for us axiore!
Omg axioretysm
The best update!
How to get dough micochip for dough raid??????
to pull the level try the gold chalice? i must've misread it but yeah try it with gold chalice
Yes! Thank you bro
300
Where is inventory?
PLSSS HOW GET DOUGH AWAKEN
I found gods chalice what should i do
PLEASE RACE AWAKENING
New stile combat? Raid dough?
DOLGH RAID PLEASE😋
make a video showing all the fruit reworks
im too early
Im not sure about the requirement, will edit this comment once someone found the requirement.
zare zare
Godhuman pleasse
How to get the godhumannn
Yes the requirement is yama and tushita:300 mastery
You might need to have the sword equipped to do the trial
Try equipping the different swords for each scroll like Yama for Yama scroll and tushita for its scroll
GodHuman plss
OMG HI
Bro I have a problem I can't store myfruit from treasure back.
Update crazy
new vid, Pog
Bro is going crazy uploading
There's a lever inside of the temple on the ceiling, you just have to jump up in one of the hallways
Axiore be posting EVERY blox fruits puzzles / new stuff
I have both 600 mas on sword
Dang thank you axiore this update is 🔥 fire it's so cool
Racudo
And 400 master on yama and tushita
Theres a secret npc in katakuri's portal island
can we all agree that they rekt flame
Super humano v2 pls
lost my dragon fruit because of this update
SÓ BORA CARAMBA, TO ANSIOSO PRA PEGAR ESSA ESPADA
I found something new but I couldn't open the ticket
e
How to get v4 race?
Pls do v4 race
thx for the video, everyone is enjoying the update while you give us the first steps of a special part of the game 😉
I have been wondering where to get cdk ty axiore
Can u do race awake in finding it for and minutes now
Wow only 300 mastery?
Broooo I cant wait to post videos on this bro. I'm so excited
Eu n entendi nda
I think you need to be max lvl 2400
May be need 2 sword yama and tushita
The time palace is the godhuman puzzle I think
Can you post a tutorial on how to get God Human?
make a vid how to store fruit plz plz pzl plz plz pzl plz plz plz plz plz plz plz plz plz plzz
dough ????
now how to get the god human plsss
First
:0
hi first
hiii
nani!?!?
i literally just found that
Thanks love you
Bro tysm ur always the one to find out everything before anyone. Ur amazing as always 😊
I am waiting for the dough awaken 😀
Sheesh
Cant wait for Dough awakening
omg yesssssss
Blox fruits has 1M playing and Axiore gonna have 1M subs
Do a video for dough v2 /awaken
fist
Cool
Hi
how go get dough aweken and Godhuman
OMGG ITS FINALLY HERE!
Hey axoire good to see your doing fine man
first
Add a comment...
Hello
First
How to get race awekening?
Nice
YOOOO
Nice
Bruh axiore speed running New update of blox fruit lol
Next how awaken race
Finally i can get through the door
Aup
nice
ayoooo
heheh shout out pls
Obg
SHEEESHHH
sup
How long u give me mochi v2 video
this update is EPIC
The light fruit flight so hard to control on mobile 👀👀
Hi axiore
Dough awaken tutorial please
Tutorial God Human plss
Hello admin
Hi
yowww Nice game
wow
Thx
hi
Bruh
YOOO EARLY AF LESS GO
the update looks good
Omg I'm first 🥇
ชีออฟตะมูมไป
Ty
How to get awaken race?
This fire updt
🤔
First!!!!
Hear
Yo I’m first
Y’all going crazy with the information when the update just came out, shout-out to the blox fruits YouTubers who come in clutch with the info
Thank you axiore for the information
i can’t talk to the scrolls
Ayo not the 10 videos a day again
First comment
Notice me
Yo man loving the update so far watching kitts live love the work
Hi
W update
man where gonna have fun solving this
First
Pin papa axiore?
How many mastery to unlock fough awaken?
Nice
Firsy
SHEEESH!
Let's goo
First
First view :)
That super cool
Omg
Sheeesh
First 💀
W
Hi
DAMNN
First
Thank you axiore
Dang
How do u know already
Axiorr im first
hi axiore im third
man where gonna have fun solving this
First ❤️❤️
First
Omgg
Pog
Waiting for this
Early
Yooo so Quick
Tysm
First
This is what im looking forrr
Hardest puzzle ngl
Not first
First
W Fr fr
First
Hi
lets go
First!!
Early
Yo
Always support you
Hello I love the new update
Im first?
W
This update is fire🔥🔥🔥🔥
Firsttttt
Vai dormir cara
Sheesh
Plz say hi
firs
Cursed dual katana?
Sheesh
Thank you so much
Sheesh early
First:)
Nice
ALREADY???
Double upload
Heya
First
First
WOW
Oi
yooo
OMG
Me
อูตังอีนะ
First nigga
Hi
Hi again
W
1st
first
First
godhuman please show us how to get it
Love your vids
Finally cdk
I love you vids❤️
First lol
Dhdjtrg
Uuuh,New sword 😎
W
Hi
1 BRAZIL 👍
BRO SHOW HOW TO DO DOUGH RAID 🗿
FIRST
Second
Supp😀
Hi first
:)
Omg thanks
First
first
How to do dough raid PLZZZ
:-)
lol
W up
Tysm
First
Nice axiore
OOOOOOOOHHHHHU
Yessir 17.3 goin crazy
First!!
14 secs
Wow love it axiore
First
Sheesh
W
Obaaaa
First
Good
Yessir
update just cane out
first?
Nice
:=000
Les goooo
first
Hi
Yo Axiore
First
First
1
NO WAY
First
He
Faster than light
Hi
😊
W
Sheesh
2
1st
Hu
Thank you
first?
YESSS FIRST
Nice!
Wow
Thanks
Nice
Early
Omg
Omg
First 🥇
first
Ayo
Wow
First
Early
First
Omagod
First
Hi
DAMN
Ur to fast
Ohh
One
first
one
Ommggg
Ez
Goddddddd
Here
Forst
Thx
1
Ty
Epic
Yi
hi
First
First 🥇
early
Wuwiwo
W
