What responsibility did he take besides all that money sent to Lebanon
Ghani told Afghanistan he just has to go get some milk he'll be right back
That's what real men do huh!
Definitely showed his true colors here. What a coward....
Now you know this dudemust have run track because he was the first one gone
All Afghan people love you  ❤️🇦🇫✊🏻/ Without refugee from Kulob  😂😂😂 kulob people never like you and They never like Afghan people We have to transfer them  Back to kulob Tajikistan 🇹🇯 Anshallah they bring Americans NOTU to Afghanistan They are traitors
Don't worry guys, he just went out to buy milk.
Ghani was the worst president in all our time, he was crook, shameless, timid, basterd, he must be brought to justice, he has stolen the money of US tax payers and charity of other countries. Not only he should go to trail also his wife, his security adviser Moheb and others, justice must be done if Biden administration is really not supporting the crooks
The Most Coward Leader World has Ever Seen....
As a concerned once you are chosen as a President you know what's your responsibility, co'z the people around you are hoping for peace not war  because in the first place you run for human safety in Afghanistan and to take the risk no matter what . Atlast you have no reason to leave your nation.
17 🇦🇫✅😭👉🏼💀
17 ☑️💕
No mention he fled with a suitcase with $169 million in cash. Go Al Jazeera!
Ha ha ha !!!! "When people think of the Taliban they think about the Taliban of the late 90s and early 2000s!" Lol! Of course, that was like the one tiny period in years from 1978 that the CIA weren't funding them after having created them.
Ran away with a suitcase full of $169 million US dollars cash. This colonial invasion has gone from Apocalypse Now to a Tarantino movie.
This idiot left his country for his own protection and didn't even think the lives of millions of people in his country
Watch Anthony Pomplianos recent video with Alex Gladstien. It covers this Foreigners invading countries have historically disguised themselves as helpers only to steal their land and resources. Sound familiar? Yes...cause our native ancestors know of this.
One thing is for sure, The US army had 20+ years there, and the Afghan people didn't learn a thing.
Bien
How do you make peace killing you're own people?
Bhag geya sala dum daba ke  g..d  dekha ke
I dont believe this afghan pres ghani.intelligent people are not stupid .while there are conflicts in his country he is also busy keeping money imagine the huge amount of money he brought on his escape is this the kind of president you have
Welcome to Talibanistan
The president used the Joestar Technique
Atleast Mayweather lasted 12 rounds running. This Afghan president started to run before the match.
Runaway bride with a bag full of dollars
If the US Helped the president would be still on there
Rat
America created Taliban and forced them upon us. CIA is responsible for Afghanistan’s present state. It not why their soldiers were drawn out because they eventually needed to but for handling over our country and our innocent civilians to terrorists  US and Pakistan created, trained, equipped and brainwashed.
Ashraf Ghani to Pilot :-  Hey you : Dont leave Accelerator ,push it
Taliban is darkness! Setbacks, darkness, dark ages!
Afghan President Ashraf Ghani to be extradited to International Court of Justice in The Hague for handing over Afghan government to war crimes
President Ashraf Ghani and President Hamid Karzai have been taxing the American and European people for 20 years to promote democracy, human rights and women's rights, but in the last 20 years they have bought and spent weapons on the Taliban and strengthened the Taliban terrorists.  To become stronger and hand over Afghanistan again to the Taliban terrorist brothers by disarming the Afghan army
President who runs away from its country is like a captain who runs first from the sinking ship... he never really cared about the ship/country.
Read a book written by Ashraf ghani “ fixing failed state”
Sabian ignorantes que los Dones viven actual?mente😴😴😴😴😴😴😴???????*******😆😆😆😆😆😆😆y  Viviven ah que tal👍
Left with $169 million dollars of American tax payer money. Way to go Joe!
Why do they get reporters with Arab descent to report these news story's? I dislike this format and unless wary because you would see these reporters other wise
And we should spend another 20 years protecting these cowards.  Trumpers go get em.
What a coward. I feel bad for the people over there.
Thanks to American tax payers for funding his retirement.
Afghanistan's  Failed President has fled the country. They are so lucky !
Ooh, that's really sad😔 innocent people will suffer because of the incapabilities of their government. Afghanistan is in chaos because it is govern by a selfish and coward leader.   Stop blaming other countries, if your own country don't have any capabilities to fight for your own. How can you help a country that in the first place doesn't have cooperation and a vision of freedom and peace?
Took the CIA money & ran. Just another corrupt disgraceful US puppet. 😞
Talibans want to share power because they know nothing how to run a country, their power only is to hold a rifle and kill  anyone who will not follow them.
This is the idiot president ive ever seen
Better to leave than getting slaughtered. Remember Najibullah the fate he suffered when Soviets left Afghan.
UN ?. ?  UN.
Dios dijo maldito el hombre que se vale de su fuerza y poder maldito en hombre que crea en su palabra y la palade de de hombre vendito sea que hace su voluntad y leyes de Dios sera perdonado
He flew like the dad who went to get the milk 😕
Sorry for the Afghan people....Another case where America is proofing to the world that they are not promoting harmony and peace in the world...what they are good at is to create conflicts between other countries for their benefit of the American....Afganastan...iran, iraq, china and hong kong, china and india, china and taiwan...the Americans creates conflicts for countries who are far from America but neighbours...then they will come in with loads of Army and claim that they are the peace maker.cannot believe the world still think America is the hero not the trouble maker...so sorry for the Afghnastan people.
Its evident that the afghan govt had no public support, giving up the country in 2 days. Thats what happens when puppet governments are formed by the west.
The secret weapons of Taliban ??? America, longest war ended with defeat , today 815/2021,  and their flag in the American Embassy in Kabul was brought down and  at the same time the historical flag of Afghanistan brought down too .  America trained Taliban how to fight and trained Afghan forces how to cheat the system. As an American citizen born in Afghanistan I feel very sorry for the taxpayers of US for the wrong war in Afghanistan. The winning of the Afghan war was so easy without any cost to the taxpayers of US,  by simply putting sanctions on Pakistan and now too don’t do anything against Islamic terrorism in the future,  just put heavy  sanction on Pakistan till they follow United nation’s rules and regulations and standards and destroy and remove all their Madrases in Pakistan .  UN all the time  must monitor their teachings  and curriculums in schools and universities. Pakistan with the  help and Money of Saudis  has established thousand of Madrases and trainings  centers for terrorists from all Islamic countries. I think the secret weapon of Taliban is the Madrases of  Pakistan. They can recruit ten thousands of volunteers very easily from there . With the establishment of Taliban now in Afghanistan the terrorism will bring severed problems and dangers to the world,  and their may be thousands more Madrases in Afghanistan.  Afghanistan will remain a hot spot in the world as long as Taliban exists and USA and NATO will bear the responsibilities. Shame and great shame to all USA politicians you wasted 2 trillions dollars of the hard working tax payers and several hundred thousand Afghans and 3500 US and NATO for nothing but chaos and shame !!!  Khalilzad appeased Taliban and gave them international recognitions and credits. Khalilzad and Ashraf Ghani together created this chaos and they must answer to US Congress.
The secret weapons of Taliban ??? America, longest war ended with defeat , today 815/2021,  and their flag in the American Embassy in Kabul was brought down and  at the same time the historical flag of Afghanistan brought down too .  America trained Taliban how to fight and trained Afghan forces how to cheat the system. As an American citizen born in Afghanistan I feel very sorry for the taxpayers of US for the wrong war in Afghanistan. The winning of the Afghan war was so easy without any cost to the taxpayers of US,  by simply putting sanctions on Pakistan and now too don’t do anything against Islamic terrorism in the future,  just put heavy  sanction on Pakistan till they follow United nation’s rules and regulations and standards and destroy and remove all their Madrases in Pakistan .  UN all the time  must monitor their teachings  and curriculums in schools and universities. Pakistan with the  help and Money of Saudis  has established thousand of Madrases and trainings  centers for terrorists from all Islamic countries. I think the secret weapon of Taliban is the Madrases of  Pakistan. They can recruit ten thousands of volunteers very easily from there . With the establishment of Taliban now in Afghanistan the terrorism will bring severed problems and dangers to the world,  and their may be thousands more Madrases in Afghanistan.  Afghanistan will remain a hot spot in the world as long as Taliban exists and USA and NATO will bear the responsibilities. Shame and great shame to all USA politicians you wasted 2 trillions dollars of the hard working tax payers and several hundred thousand Afghans and 3500 US and NATO for nothing but chaos and shame !!!  Khalilzad appeased Taliban and gave them international recognitions and credits. Khalilzad and Ashraf Ghani together created this chaos and they must answer to US Congress.y
The secret weapons of Taliban ??? America, longest war ended with defeat , today 815/2021,  and their flag in the American Embassy in Kabul was brought down and  at the same time the historical flag of Afghanistan brought down too .  America trained Taliban how to fight and trained Afghan forces how to cheat the system. As an American citizen born in Afghanistan I feel very sorry for the taxpayers of US for the wrong war in Afghanistan. The winning of the Afghan war was so easy without any cost to the taxpayers of US,  by simply putting sanctions on Pakistan and now too don’t do anything against Islamic terrorism in the future,  just put heavy  sanction on Pakistan till they follow United nation’s rules and regulations and standards and destroy and remove all their Madrases in Pakistan .  UN all the time  must monitor their teachings  and curriculums in schools and universities. Pakistan with the  help and Money of Saudis  has established thousand of Madrases and trainings  centers for terrorists from all Islamic countries. I think the secret weapon of Taliban is the Madrases of  Pakistan. They can recruit ten thousands of volunteers very easily from there . With the establishment of Taliban now in Afghanistan the terrorism will bring severed problems and dangers to the world,  and their may be thousands more Madrases in Afghanistan.  Afghanistan will remain a hot spot in the world as long as Taliban exists and USA and NATO will bear the responsibilities. Shame and great shame to all USA politicians you wasted 2 trillions dollars of the hard working tax payers and several hundred thousand Afghans and 3500 US and NATO for nothing but chaos and shame !!!  About 241,000 people have been killed in the Afghanistan and Pakistan war zone since 2001. More than 71,000 of those killed have been civilians.  Since the war against the Taliban began in 2001, there have been more than 3,500 coalition deaths, of which more than 2,300 have been US soldiers.2 days ago  Khalilzad appeased Taliban and gave them international recognitions and credits. Khalilzad and Ashraf Ghani together created this chaos.
Afghanistan’s president left his country with a helicopter full of money
, 🌙🌙🌙💐💐💐🌙🌙🌙👍👍💖💖💖✌️✌️✌️✌️✌️👊👊👊👊
Ameen 🌙🌙🌙💖🌙🌙🌙💐💐💐💐🌿🌹🌺🌻🌼🌼🌸🌼🌸🥀💕🥀💐💖🌟🌻⭐💚❤️💕💚💕❤️👍👍👍👍
This guy left with millions, can anyone jail him.
He left with a lot of money. The Norwegian guverment sendt millions to this contry. The Norwegians want their tax mony back from the president who left in a helicopter with all the mony.
he is not fit to be a leader at all. What a coward.
Why do I keep hearing veterans talking about how they knew ten or more years ago this is how it would end? I've got nothing but respect for the rank-and-file in all of the Armed Forces but you guys have a very exclusive position from which to view things and I guess it's kind of obvious most of us didn't have a clue that they could never unify enough to even identify with the country of Afghanistan as its current borders are drawn. First I want to thank you all for serving and then I want to- admonish you for leaving us all in the dark. We could have been out of there 10 years ago had we known the reality of the people on the ground. Seems to me a lot of the invested blood-sweat-and-tears the lives lost and the money spent could have been much less. We know you guys aren't in any position to critique your superiors and wouldn't want you to however never hesitate to share some information you have that we do not because we can go stand on that (Capital) Hill and fight for you here at home, but only if it's something we know about. And I'm not trying to make a big issue out of it right now I just wanted to throw that out there for consideration because you guys have a lot of support here (even though is sometimes hard to tell), so you don't have to stick your neck out by yourself, we can help you with that, we want to help you with that, and I just wanted to let you know that. Keep us in the loop please just be careful how you do it no reason information sharing like that would have to be anything other than "Anonymous"
President leave, what a wimps.  A president, should have back up your own people.
If you are not willing to fight for it then don,t cry about it
Asking the Taliban to be more westernised and less Islamic is like asking an English man to stop drinking beer..  Never going to happen
Classic
The world should be aware that these Taliban are the killers of terrorists. On the first day of their control in Afghanistan, a girl was shot and killed in Jalalabad. These terrorists will never give up their crimes. We will be a large group of these terrorist Taliban in Afghanistan😔🇦🇫💔😭😔🇦🇫💔😭
There’s more citizens than there is Taliban . If all the citizens had guns . They could have ran off the Taliban.
'Run rabbit, run rabbit run run run.....' 😂😂😂😂😂
This was fastest USA surrender and retreat in the history. French were holding a record for a long time, but USA finally beat them.
Wtf why the president going to flee the country
Next week, Pentagon will send RAMBO to rescue Americans in Kabul embassy,... to be followed by the EXPENDABLES to kill top Taliban leaders
Awww sweet Taliban, they have changed there tune.  Isn't Biden clever to turn the terrorists into a warm and kind group, just wanting to do the right thing.  Amazing
Down down American
Ullah ho Uber💥boom
Jazeera guys look quite happy, after all it was their paymaster who mainstreamed Taliban and gave them an office in Doha. Mission successful for Qatar
We're all in this together," except the bank executive Scammers  contractors of US companies worth hundreds of millions stolen money they  Afghans Military of 350,000 are allocated to suppose. 20 years of  golden parachute and a cushy bonus for " not avoiding financial  disaster." all do they have forgotten they gambled with the livelihoods  of 23 millions of Afghanistan's and US military. and today bankers lost,  will it be prepayment or the  repaying  people who footed their,War in  Afghanistan,
Those poor people. The Taliban need to be full and 100% wiped off the face of the planet. To be so small minded about these freaks suggesting they aren’t our problem is unbelievably dumb. If the west is selfish at the very least, we should remember that these twisted fools will attack the west when they can and in a massive way. We’re just patting them on the back and saying “go on, get on with it, we’re desperate for a bit of the ole Sharia”. Sickening.
April 1975 was Vietnam (SAIGON) August 15th, 2021. The same scene was changed to Afghanistan (KABUL). I sincerely pray for the blessings of heaven and earth to stop such scenes!  No matter what country it is, everyone has the right to live happily!  It is no longer an offering in war! The war game should stop!  !  !  1975年4月 是越南（SAIGON) 2021年8月15日 一样的场景只是换成是阿富汗（KABUL) 真心祈求天地保佑 不要再出现如此的场面！ 不管是什么国度 每个人都有权利活得快乐幸福！ 而不再是战争里的供品! 战争游戏应该停止！  ！  ！  Красавік 1975 г. быў В'етнамам (САЙГОН) 15 жніўня 2021 г. Тая ж сцэна была зменена на Афганістан (КАБУЛ). Я шчыра малюся за дабраславеньне неба і зямлі, каб спыніць такія сцэны!  Якая б краіна ні была, кожны мае права жыць шчасліва!  Гэта больш не прапанова на вайне! Ваенная гульня павінна спыніцца!  !  !  أبريل 1975 كانت فيتنام (سايغون) في الخامس عشر من أغسطس 2021. تغير المشهد نفسه إلى أفغانستان (كابول) ، وأدعو بإخلاص لبركات السماء والأرض أن توقف مثل هذه المشاهد!  بغض النظر عن البلد ، لكل فرد الحق في العيش بسعادة!  لم يعد عرضا في الحرب! يجب أن تتوقف اللعبة الحربية!  !  !
US "Murphies" were in charge. Anything could possibly fail, failed
That is how powerful the americans were. As soon as they left afghan it fell without sweat to taliban
*अफगानिस्तान में रिहायशी इलाकों में संपत्तियों की कीमत में भारी गिरावट।*  *जिसको भारत में डर लगता है,  उसके लिए अफगानिस्तान में अपार संभावनाएं*                               😀😀
हिंदी फिल्मों में हमें बचपन से दिखाया गया, पठान बड़े लड़ाका होते हैं, बड़े सूरमा होते है, फलाना होते है, ढिमका होते हैं,  जरूरत पड़ी सूरमागिरी दिखाने की तो राष्ट्रपति ही सबसे पहले भाग गया। 😹😹😀
हिंदी फिल्मों में हमें बचपन से दिखाया गया, पठान बड़े लड़ाका होते हैं, बड़े सूरमा होते है, फलाना होते है, ढिमका होते हैं,  जरूरत पड़ी सूरमागिरी दिखाने की तो राष्ट्रपति ही सबसे पहले भाग गया। 😹😹😀
Sometimes, the government of another country is run by a group that doesn’t agree with your views.  Not everybody in this World agrees with the U.S. point of view and in countries, not our own, it’s their own business who will control their own county.  Many years ago, “…the Sun never set on the British Empire.”  England practiced colonization of other countries for their own economic well being;  this is no longer true.  The U.S. has since, believe their form of Democracy should be prevalent form of governing throughout the World.  I agree it’s the best form but other countries should decide on their own how and who governs them, not us.  The Taliban has began to take over Afghanistan and looks like they will become the ruling force for their country.  From U.S. standpoint, that doesn’t bode well but perhaps, for the people of Afghanistan this is what they want and isn’t it primarily their business.  If over the years, the Taliban do well, Afghanistan will remain under their country, if the Taliban does not rule properly, the people will overthrown the Taliban.  In the end, its the business of the Afghani people, not the U.S..
And just like that. Were the Taliban violent to scare him away?
Al Jazeera is so hypocrite for blaming India for its Kashmir Situation but not seeing Pakistan's actions against Afghanistan. Remember, everyone has its own agenda whether it be right or left.
Thanks Aljazira
Seems it's simply another tRUMP and cult mistake . Was it not he and his senate that confirmed that fool Gen Mark Milley as head of joint chief of staff and a 3 weeks ago advised that none of what is happening today would Happen ? Wake up sleepy heads
My guy literally left the chat
The coward US army....🤣🤣🤣🤣
White victory of Afghanistan✌🏻
Why did he leave?  He has nothing to fear.
Democracy in a nutshell.
শরীয়া আইনের বিষয়ে scientists আয়েশা বেগম কে তুলে ধরছি,,,যাকে ইহুদিরা গুম করেছিল।,,,,,,যারা আয়েশাকে চেনো,,,তাদের বলতেছি আয়েশাও তো হিযাব পড়ত,,,,,তার পড়া লেখায়তো ব্যাঘাত ঘটেনি,,,,,১৪০০ বছর আগে রাসুলুল্লাহ সা যে মদিনা সনদ চালু করেছিলো তা আবার বাস্তবায়িত  করলে সমাজে আর যেনা ব্যাভিচার,,, সুদ,,,নির্বিচারে হত্যা,,,সামাজিক,,, পারিবারিক,, রাজনৈতিক সহ সমস্ত কোন্দলের,,, অবসান ঘটবে,,,কেউ ধর্ষন করার আগে একবার হলেও ভাববে যে ধর্ষন করলে তার শাস্তি মৃত্যু দন্ড,,,,,আর মেয়েরা হিজাব পড়লে,,,,,ছেলেদের অনৈতিক কু নজর কমবে,,,তখন ঐ জাতি,,,,পৃথিবীর বুকে তাদের অর্থনৈতিক কুটনৈতিক গবেষনায় মনোযোগী হতে পারবে,,,,এবং ঐ জাতি উন্নতির শিখরে পৌছুতে পারবে,,,অন্যথায় ঐ জাতি পশ্চিমাদের মত জনশক্তি কমের হুমকিতে পড়বে।
শরীয়া আইনের বিষয়ে scientists আয়েশা বেগম কে তুলে ধরছি,,,যাকে ইহুদিরা গুম করেছিল।,,,,,,যারা আয়েশাকে চেনো,,,তাদের বলতেছি আয়েশাও তো হিযাব পড়ত,,,,,তার পড়া লেখায়তো ব্যাঘাত ঘটেনি,,,,,১৪০০ বছর আগে রাসুলুল্লাহ সা যে মদিনা সনদ চালু করেছিলো তা আবার বাস্তবায়িত  করলে সমাজে আর যেনা ব্যাভিচার,,, সুদ,,,নির্বিচারে হত্যা,,,সামাজিক,,, পারিবারিক,, রাজনৈতিক সহ সমস্ত কোন্দলের,,, অবসান ঘটবে,,,কেউ ধর্ষন করার আগে একবার হলেও ভাববে যে ধর্ষন করলে তার শাস্তি মৃত্যু দন্ড,,,,,আর মেয়েরা হিজাব পড়লে,,,,,ছেলেদের অনৈতিক কু নজর কমবে,,,তখন ঐ জাতি,,,,পৃথিবীর বুকে তাদের অর্থনৈতিক কুটনৈতিক গবেষনায় মনোযোগী হতে পারবে,,,,এবং ঐ জাতি উন্নতির শিখরে পৌছুতে পারবে,,,অন্যথায় ঐ জাতি পশ্চিমাদের মত জনশক্তি কমের হুমকিতে পড়বে।
শরীয়া আইনের বিষয়ে scientists আয়েশা বেগম কে তুলে ধরছি,,,যাকে ইহুদিরা গুম করেছিল।,,,,,,যারা আয়েশাকে চেনো,,,তাদের বলতেছি আয়েশাও তো হিযাব পড়ত,,,,,তার পড়া লেখায়তো ব্যাঘাত ঘটেনি,,,,,১৪০০ বছর আগে রাসুলুল্লাহ সা যে মদিনা সনদ চালু করেছিলো তা আবার বাস্তবায়িত  করলে সমাজে আর যেনা ব্যাভিচার,,, সুদ,,,নির্বিচারে হত্যা,,,সামাজিক,,, পারিবারিক,, রাজনৈতিক সহ সমস্ত কোন্দলের,,, অবসান ঘটবে,,,কেউ ধর্ষন করার আগে একবার হলেও ভাববে যে ধর্ষন করলে তার শাস্তি মৃত্যু দন্ড,,,,,আর মেয়েরা হিজাব পড়লে,,,,,ছেলেদের অনৈতিক কু নজর কমবে,,,তখন ঐ জাতি,,,,পৃথিবীর বুকে তাদের অর্থনৈতিক কুটনৈতিক গবেষনায় মনোযোগী হতে পারবে,,,,এবং ঐ জাতি উন্নতির শিখরে পৌছুতে পারবে,,,অন্যথায় ঐ জাতি পশ্চিমাদের মত জনশক্তি কমের হুমকিতে পড়বে।
শরীয়া আইনের বিষয়ে scientists আয়েশা বেগম কে তুলে ধরছি,,,যাকে ইহুদিরা গুম করেছিল।,,,,,,যারা আয়েশাকে চেনো,,,তাদের বলতেছি আয়েশাও তো হিযাব পড়ত,,,,,তার পড়া লেখায়তো ব্যাঘাত ঘটেনি,,,,,১৪০০ বছর আগে রাসুলুল্লাহ সা যে মদিনা সনদ চালু করেছিলো তা আবার বাস্তবায়িত  করলে সমাজে আর যেনা ব্যাভিচার,,, সুদ,,,নির্বিচারে হত্যা,,,সামাজিক,,, পারিবারিক,, রাজনৈতিক সহ সমস্ত কোন্দলের,,, অবসান ঘটবে,,,কেউ ধর্ষন করার আগে একবার হলেও ভাববে যে ধর্ষন করলে তার শাস্তি মৃত্যু দন্ড,,,,,আর মেয়েরা হিজাব পড়লে,,,,,ছেলেদের অনৈতিক কু নজর কমবে,,,তখন ঐ জাতি,,,,পৃথিবীর বুকে তাদের অর্থনৈতিক কুটনৈতিক গবেষনায় মনোযোগী হতে পারবে,,,,এবং ঐ জাতি উন্নতির শিখরে পৌছুতে পারবে,,,অন্যথায় ঐ জাতি পশ্চিমাদের মত জনশক্তি কমের হুমকিতে পড়বে।
শরীয়া আইনের বিষয়ে scientists আয়েশা বেগম কে তুলে ধরছি,,,যাকে ইহুদিরা গুম করেছিল।,,,,,,যারা আয়েশাকে চেনো,,,তাদের বলতেছি আয়েশাও তো হিযাব পড়ত,,,,,তার পড়া লেখায়তো ব্যাঘাত ঘটেনি,,,,,১৪০০ বছর আগে রাসুলুল্লাহ সা যে মদিনা সনদ চালু করেছিলো তা আবার বাস্তবায়িত  করলে সমাজে আর যেনা ব্যাভিচার,,, সুদ,,,নির্বিচারে হত্যা,,,সামাজিক,,, পারিবারিক,, রাজনৈতিক সহ সমস্ত কোন্দলের,,, অবসান ঘটবে,,,কেউ ধর্ষন করার আগে একবার হলেও ভাববে যে ধর্ষন করলে তার শাস্তি মৃত্যু দন্ড,,,,,আর মেয়েরা হিজাব পড়লে,,,,,ছেলেদের অনৈতিক কু নজর কমবে,,,তখন ঐ জাতি,,,,পৃথিবীর বুকে তাদের অর্থনৈতিক কুটনৈতিক গবেষনায় মনোযোগী হতে পারবে,,,,এবং ঐ জাতি উন্নতির শিখরে পৌছুতে পারবে,,,অন্যথায় ঐ জাতি পশ্চিমাদের মত জনশক্তি কমের হুমকিতে পড়বে।
শরীয়া আইনের বিষয়ে scientists আয়েশা বেগম কে তুলে ধরছি,,,যাকে ইহুদিরা গুম করেছিল।,,,,,,যারা আয়েশাকে চেনো,,,তাদের বলতেছি আয়েশাও তো হিযাব পড়ত,,,,,তার পড়া লেখায়তো ব্যাঘাত ঘটেনি,,,,,১৪০০ বছর আগে রাসুলুল্লাহ সা যে মদিনা সনদ চালু করেছিলো তা আবার বাস্তবায়িত  করলে সমাজে আর যেনা ব্যাভিচার,,, সুদ,,,নির্বিচারে হত্যা,,,সামাজিক,,, পারিবারিক,, রাজনৈতিক সহ সমস্ত কোন্দলের,,, অবসান ঘটবে,,,কেউ ধর্ষন করার আগে একবার হলেও ভাববে যে ধর্ষন করলে তার শাস্তি মৃত্যু দন্ড,,,,,আর মেয়েরা হিজাব পড়লে,,,,,ছেলেদের অনৈতিক কু নজর কমবে,,,তখন ঐ জাতি,,,,পৃথিবীর বুকে তাদের অর্থনৈতিক কুটনৈতিক গবেষনায় মনোযোগী হতে পারবে,,,,এবং ঐ জাতি উন্নতির শিখরে পৌছুতে পারবে,,,অন্যথায় ঐ জাতি পশ্চিমাদের মত জনশক্তি কমের হুমকিতে পড়বে।
শরীয়া আইনের বিষয়ে scientists আয়েশা বেগম কে তুলে ধরছি,,,যাকে ইহুদিরা গুম করেছিল।,,,,,,যারা আয়েশাকে চেনো,,,তাদের বলতেছি আয়েশাও তো হিযাব পড়ত,,,,,তার পড়া লেখায়তো ব্যাঘাত ঘটেনি,,,,,১৪০০ বছর আগে রাসুলুল্লাহ সা যে মদিনা সনদ চালু করেছিলো তা আবার বাস্তবায়িত  করলে সমাজে আর যেনা ব্যাভিচার,,, সুদ,,,নির্বিচারে হত্যা,,,সামাজিক,,, পারিবারিক,, রাজনৈতিক সহ সমস্ত কোন্দলের,,, অবসান ঘটবে,,,কেউ ধর্ষন করার আগে একবার হলেও ভাববে যে ধর্ষন করলে তার শাস্তি মৃত্যু দন্ড,,,,,আর মেয়েরা হিজাব পড়লে,,,,,ছেলেদের অনৈতিক কু নজর কমবে,,,তখন ঐ জাতি,,,,পৃথিবীর বুকে তাদের অর্থনৈতিক কুটনৈতিক গবেষনায় মনোযোগী হতে পারবে,,,,এবং ঐ জাতি উন্নতির শিখরে পৌছুতে পারবে,,,অন্যথায় ঐ জাতি পশ্চিমাদের মত জনশক্তি কমের হুমকিতে পড়বে।
শরীয়া আইনের বিষয়ে scientists আয়েশা বেগম কে তুলে ধরছি,,,যাকে ইহুদিরা গুম করেছিল।,,,,,,যারা আয়েশাকে চেনো,,,তাদের বলতেছি আয়েশাও তো হিযাব পড়ত,,,,,তার পড়া লেখায়তো ব্যাঘাত ঘটেনি,,,,,১৪০০ বছর আগে রাসুলুল্লাহ সা যে মদিনা সনদ চালু করেছিলো তা আবার বাস্তবায়িত  করলে সমাজে আর যেনা ব্যাভিচার,,, সুদ,,,নির্বিচারে হত্যা,,,সামাজিক,,, পারিবারিক,, রাজনৈতিক সহ সমস্ত কোন্দলের,,, অবসান ঘটবে,,,কেউ ধর্ষন করার আগে একবার হলেও ভাববে যে ধর্ষন করলে তার শাস্তি মৃত্যু দন্ড,,,,,আর মেয়েরা হিজাব পড়লে,,,,,ছেলেদের অনৈতিক কু নজর কমবে,,,তখন ঐ জাতি,,,,পৃথিবীর বুকে তাদের অর্থনৈতিক কুটনৈতিক গবেষনায় মনোযোগী হতে পারবে,,,,এবং ঐ জাতি উন্নতির শিখরে পৌছুতে পারবে,,,অন্যথায় ঐ জাতি পশ্চিমাদের মত জনশক্তি কমের হুমকিতে পড়বে।
শরীয়া আইনের বিষয়ে scientists আয়েশা বেগম কে তুলে ধরছি,,,যাকে ইহুদিরা গুম করেছিল।,,,,,,যারা আয়েশাকে চেনো,,,তাদের বলতেছি আয়েশাও তো হিযাব পড়ত,,,,,তার পড়া লেখায়তো ব্যাঘাত ঘটেনি,,,,,১৪০০ বছর আগে রাসুলুল্লাহ সা যে মদিনা সনদ চালু করেছিলো তা আবার বাস্তবায়িত  করলে সমাজে আর যেনা ব্যাভিচার,,, সুদ,,,নির্বিচারে হত্যা,,,সামাজিক,,, পারিবারিক,, রাজনৈতিক সহ সমস্ত কোন্দলের,,, অবসান ঘটবে,,,কেউ ধর্ষন করার আগে একবার হলেও ভাববে যে ধর্ষন করলে তার শাস্তি মৃত্যু দন্ড,,,,,আর মেয়েরা হিজাব পড়লে,,,,,ছেলেদের অনৈতিক কু নজর কমবে,,,তখন ঐ জাতি,,,,পৃথিবীর বুকে তাদের অর্থনৈতিক কুটনৈতিক গবেষনায় মনোযোগী হতে পারবে,,,,এবং ঐ জাতি উন্নতির শিখরে পৌছুতে পারবে,,,অন্যথায় ঐ জাতি পশ্চিমাদের মত জনশক্তি কমের হুমকিতে পড়বে।
শরীয়া আইনের বিষয়ে scientists আয়েশা বেগম কে তুলে ধরছি,,,যাকে ইহুদিরা গুম করেছিল।,,,,,,যারা আয়েশাকে চেনো,,,তাদের বলতেছি আয়েশাও তো হিযাব পড়ত,,,,,তার পড়া লেখায়তো ব্যাঘাত ঘটেনি,,,,,১৪০০ বছর আগে রাসুলুল্লাহ সা যে মদিনা সনদ চালু করেছিলো তা আবার বাস্তবায়িত  করলে সমাজে আর যেনা ব্যাভিচার,,, সুদ,,,নির্বিচারে হত্যা,,,সামাজিক,,, পারিবারিক,, রাজনৈতিক সহ সমস্ত কোন্দলের,,, অবসান ঘটবে,,,কেউ ধর্ষন করার আগে একবার হলেও ভাববে যে ধর্ষন করলে তার শাস্তি মৃত্যু দন্ড,,,,,আর মেয়েরা হিজাব পড়লে,,,,,ছেলেদের অনৈতিক কু নজর কমবে,,,তখন ঐ জাতি,,,,পৃথিবীর বুকে তাদের অর্থনৈতিক কুটনৈতিক গবেষনায় মনোযোগী হতে পারবে,,,,এবং ঐ জাতি উন্নতির শিখরে পৌছুতে পারবে,,,অন্যথায় ঐ জাতি পশ্চিমাদের মত জনশক্তি কমের হুমকিতে পড়বে।
শরীয়া আইনের বিষয়ে scientists আয়েশা বেগম কে তুলে ধরছি,,,যাকে ইহুদিরা গুম করেছিল।,,,,,,যারা আয়েশাকে চেনো,,,তাদের বলতেছি আয়েশাও তো হিযাব পড়ত,,,,,তার পড়া লেখায়তো ব্যাঘাত ঘটেনি,,,,,১৪০০ বছর আগে রাসুলুল্লাহ সা যে মদিনা সনদ চালু করেছিলো তা আবার বাস্তবায়িত  করলে সমাজে আর যেনা ব্যাভিচার,,, সুদ,,,নির্বিচারে হত্যা,,,সামাজিক,,, পারিবারিক,, রাজনৈতিক সহ সমস্ত কোন্দলের,,, অবসান ঘটবে,,,কেউ ধর্ষন করার আগে একবার হলেও ভাববে যে ধর্ষন করলে তার শাস্তি মৃত্যু দন্ড,,,,,আর মেয়েরা হিজাব পড়লে,,,,,ছেলেদের অনৈতিক কু নজর কমবে,,,তখন ঐ জাতি,,,,পৃথিবীর বুকে তাদের অর্থনৈতিক কুটনৈতিক গবেষনায় মনোযোগী হতে পারবে,,,,এবং ঐ জাতি উন্নতির শিখরে পৌছুতে পারবে,,,অন্যথায় ঐ জাতি পশ্চিমাদের মত জনশক্তি কমের হুমকিতে পড়বে।
শরীয়া আইনের বিষয়ে scientists আয়েশা বেগম কে তুলে ধরছি,,,যাকে ইহুদিরা গুম করেছিল।,,,,,,যারা আয়েশাকে চেনো,,,তাদের বলতেছি আয়েশাও তো হিযাব পড়ত,,,,,তার পড়া লেখায়তো ব্যাঘাত ঘটেনি,,,,,১৪০০ বছর আগে রাসুলুল্লাহ সা যে মদিনা সনদ চালু করেছিলো তা আবার বাস্তবায়িত  করলে সমাজে আর যেনা ব্যাভিচার,,, সুদ,,,নির্বিচারে হত্যা,,,সামাজিক,,, পারিবারিক,, রাজনৈতিক সহ সমস্ত কোন্দলের,,, অবসান ঘটবে,,,কেউ ধর্ষন করার আগে একবার হলেও ভাববে যে ধর্ষন করলে তার শাস্তি মৃত্যু দন্ড,,,,,আর মেয়েরা হিজাব পড়লে,,,,,ছেলেদের অনৈতিক কু নজর কমবে,,,তখন ঐ জাতি,,,,পৃথিবীর বুকে তাদের অর্থনৈতিক কুটনৈতিক গবেষনায় মনোযোগী হতে পারবে,,,,এবং ঐ জাতি উন্নতির শিখরে পৌছুতে পারবে,,,অন্যথায় ঐ জাতি পশ্চিমাদের মত জনশক্তি কমের হুমকিতে পড়বে।
শরীয়া আইনের বিষয়ে scientists আয়েশা বেগম কে তুলে ধরছি,,,যাকে ইহুদিরা গুম করেছিল।,,,,,,যারা আয়েশাকে চেনো,,,তাদের বলতেছি আয়েশাও তো হিযাব পড়ত,,,,,তার পড়া লেখায়তো ব্যাঘাত ঘটেনি,,,,,১৪০০ বছর আগে রাসুলুল্লাহ সা যে মদিনা সনদ চালু করেছিলো তা আবার বাস্তবায়িত  করলে সমাজে আর যেনা ব্যাভিচার,,, সুদ,,,নির্বিচারে হত্যা,,,সামাজিক,,, পারিবারিক,, রাজনৈতিক সহ সমস্ত কোন্দলের,,, অবসান ঘটবে,,,কেউ ধর্ষন করার আগে একবার হলেও ভাববে যে ধর্ষন করলে তার শাস্তি মৃত্যু দন্ড,,,,,আর মেয়েরা হিজাব পড়লে,,,,,ছেলেদের অনৈতিক কু নজর কমবে,,,তখন ঐ জাতি,,,,পৃথিবীর বুকে তাদের অর্থনৈতিক কুটনৈতিক গবেষনায় মনোযোগী হতে পারবে,,,,এবং ঐ জাতি উন্নতির শিখরে পৌছুতে পারবে,,,অন্যথায় ঐ জাতি পশ্চিমাদের মত জনশক্তি কমের হুমকিতে পড়বে।
The President packed his plane with cash and gold and flew off into the sunset.
america needs to let afghanistan deal with its own problems. if the government can't stop a bunch of extremists, that's their problem. enough americans have died occupying that country. its been almost 20 years. figure it out afghanistan.
Biden is a JOKE! He should be making decisions between apple sauce or Jell-O, not national security.
The babysitter left , now everybody running scared . Buncha cowards .
Heeee Gooooooone!
So no one cared for the women and children ? 😢😢😢
"don't worry, I have a plan." "I forgot I had to clean my grandma brb"
The 20+ years were *NOT* in vain. Anyone touting that 2001 Afghanistan is identical to 2021 Afghanistan is clearly trying to oversimplify an extremely complicated 'in-house' war (which originates FAR prior to 2001).  War is chaos and insanity, and although progress WAS made, it's now high time for the U.S. to exit.  Don't fool yourselves by falsely pretending that: 1. You can blame any one person. That's nonsense: at least FIVE U.S. presidencies, the Afghanistan government, its people, the Taliban, Pakistan and at *least* 4-6 other parties are (collectively) complicit. 2. "'Nothing" was achieved in 20+ years." Are you CRAZY?! Do you *really* think that absolutely nothing changed? Does that sound even remotely reasonable or logical? 3. Afghanistan people are not responsible. NONSENSE. They actually seem to welcome the Taliban & peace talks, and DO NOT WANT corruption. 4. U.S. "abandoned" everyone. That's garbage. 20+ years of logistics, resources, talks, training and more doesn't add up to anything other than "We tried. Now, it's up to you and your own. Hope you learned something. We certainly did."  The U.S. military advisors made their recommendations, and this was known by PREVIOUS administrations. It just so happens that Biden was 'in the chair' when the proverbial commands were cued up.  After 20+ years... U.S. INVOLVEMENT IS OVER.  Let someone else step in if they wish, lol. France (ha). Italy. Germany. China. North Korea (!) Whatever.
As a wiseman said " History repeats itself,  and again why ignoring the past " this shows that America has failed again tskk…  poor Afghanistan
He was right he did have a plane * .....we should've paid more attention 🙄
👑JESUS CHRIST👑 is the ONLY way to HEAVEN!!! your religion/good deeds/your family members/Denominations/or ANYONE CANNOT save you. It's by GRACE THROUGH FAITH you are SAVED NOT BY WORKS, LEST ANY MAN SHOULD BOAST (EPHESIANS 2:8) you are NOT good enough to get into HEAVEN, as a matter of fact the BIBLE SAYS in  [JOB 15:16; that MAN is so ABOMINABLE AND FILTHY, he DRINKS INIQUITY like WATER🤢.] in [ISAIAH 64:6 GOD sees our "good deeds" as DIRTY RAGS🤢.] the only righteousness is the BLOOD OF JESUS CHRIST👑✝️ put your FAITH in 👑JESUS CHRIST👑, BELIEVE that HE TABERNACLED among men and that HE came as a RANSOM for the SINS of the WORLD as the ANOINTED CHRIST (🇮🇱JEWISH MESSIAH) that HE DIED ON THE CROSS✝️, WAS BURIED⬇️, AND ROSE AGAIN IN THREE DAYS👏. Build a RELATIONSHIP with JESUS daily, and you will see that the KINGDOM OF GOD is VERY NEAR TO YOU ☁️. ABANDON your SELF RIGHTEOUSNESS and PRIDE which are of the WORLD🌏, and come to the foot of the CROSS✝️, for MERCY, GRACE, and the ONE SALVATION PLAN GOD has presented to us TODAY, there is NO OTHER NAME GIVEN AMONG MEN WHEREBY WE MUST BE SAVED  (ACTS 4:12) ALL KNEES WILL BOW AND EVERY TONGUE WILL CONFESS THAT JESUS CHRIST IS LORD TO THE GLORY OF GOD THE FATHER. (PHILIPPIANS 2:6-11)
Add a military humiliation to Biden's already impressive record of ruining America !!
A coward leader being pampered by USD aka a puppet leader.
The Afghans gave it all away. They never wanted our help they wanted our toys and money
China kicked out America. Someone is weak.
Ghani’s decision to leave Afghanistan -- he said he did so to avoid a bloodbath -- surprised his negotiating team in Doha, American diplomats and even his chief of staff and other top aides, said the people  so that means his speeches earlier were all just lies to the people. he had it planned for himself all along.
these people had 20 years to learn how to defend themselves
behind closed doors AL Jazeera is celebrating behind closed doors
Be the Americans Hong Kong thinks you are.
Afghanistan: where empires go to die.
"US Placed Figurehead Leaves Afghanistan".  FTFY.  He was never effectively the President, let's be honest.  The day Biden was announced as President elect, this guy Ghani knew his role was coming to an end shortly.
Deuteronomy 32:39  King James Version  39 See now that I, even I, am he, and there is no god with me: I kill, and I make alive; I wound, and I heal: neither is there any that can deliver out of my hand.
Coward, the world is expected to do his job it's been 20 years.
The USA knew those people were not going to fight they   just used us as long as we let them. Smh America has spent trillions of dollars and killed our men for nothing.  They are not willing to fight for themselves including the president joke!!!!!!!!!
Ha ha hahahahaha ha ha ha hahahahaha yes run, codebreakers love this time of day. Yeet sitin round social media. Decided on the day to drive to west mainland Taiwan. Keeps yer head down don't return fire it gives your position away. This is the chance you wanted the world is watching........
The American Government is Warlord's
They bringing back the troops to force vaccine. And the American government is warlord's
When will the American people take back there country. Because it's time over due...
Biden's America
💯💯💯❤❤❤💥💥FREE R. KELLY💥❤❤💯💯💯MARK LAMONT HILL IS A LIAR💥💥
2 US presidents sentencing on Afghanistan that led to its complete downfall: the predecessors  POLICIES and the successors IMPLEMENTATION....
Thats a big bunch of lies, as soon there is no more US presence the omelet will start.
He ran away by himself in a helicopter filled with cash........thats his priorities
Russia fought ten years there and didn't make a difference, why did we think we could.
But what's about the Young girls/boys they life will be ruined  They started kidnapping daughters of the house for islam think
Afgan president lost his eggs;;
From Biden's speech earlier today 'The Trump administration reduced troop levels (insinuating a lack of troops caused this)' then moments later stated 'more troops wouldn't have helped.'.  This man and his adminstration are the biggest joke I've seen in my 58 years on this earth.  All of this can be traced back to the same idiocy that killed 15,000 elderly people in nursing homes in NY.  A desire to deny Trump any credit for helping.  This is what hyperpartisan insanity gets us and people are dying because of it.
Religion of peace LOL
this whole thing is like a 'theater'... the whole world is a theater...
what a joke... runs from the 'enemy'...  the only thing he can do for the country is NEVER go back. people do NOT need cowards
Thanks Biden
This is what a stolen election looks like
It’s gonna get way worse
That is one how you win a war! This had to be the greatest take down of a entire country have seen in my lifetime.  Military  built, trained and equipped by United State at the costs of 88 billion dollars take down by theTaliban with such skills not a single shot was fired. Leaving all the people who sellout their country for thirty pieces silver scrambling for their lives hanging on to moving air craft on runway fleeing Afghanistan.
Vietnam 2.0
I've heard Ghani took bags filled with dollars along with him while going into the plane.
isi.talban my lov.... usa .kidz😆
Afgani president stuffed his chopper with probably 100 million dollars before leaving.
You forget 🇫🇷 🇬🇧 🇷🇺 🇨🇦 🇩🇪 🇺🇸 all were over there fighting.. They all failed! Amd the Taliban beat them all..  A Gang with hand me down weapons beat the super powers of the Earth.. 🤔 are we actually safe? LMAO
- In a statement issued yesterday, Trump called on Biden to step down in the wake of the crisis over the withdrawal of US troops from Afghanistan and the establishment of the Taliban in the Kabul presidential palace. "What Joe Biden has done to Afghanistan is legendary," he said. "It's going to be one of the biggest breakthroughs in American history." - Referring to the return of the Taliban, Mike Pompeo said that if I was still Secretary of State and the commander-in-chief was someone like Donald Trump, the Taliban would know that there would be real costs if they conspired against the United States.
Hold your ground, hold your ground! Sons of Gondor, of Rohan, my brothers! I see in your eyes the same fear that would take the heart of me. A day may come when the courage of men fails, when we forsake our friends and break all bonds of fellowship, but it is not this day. An hour of wolves and shattered shields, when the age of men comes crashing down! But it is not this day! This day we fight! By all that you hold dear on this good Earth, I bid you stand, Men of the West!
Coward Running For His Life 😂 If he was Real Muslim he would have Stood up for his people and Islam Like Saddam Hussein..But Ghani left it to Afghan Army to fight but  Army made a good decision to not to fight Taliban..Why Should the Poor Die...Rich people of Afghan made it to India..Real Afghanis Will Hopefully make future of Afghan in coming Days..
Crimea Donbass it is Ukraine tne enemy will be defeated victory will be ours
Will they let those who want to peacefully leave, leave without violence?  the UN needs to be responsible for relocation, this is a global failure.
I really Hope the Taliban turns out to be by the people for the people and good things happen for them...  But who knows... don't trust anyone who rules by gun.
are these the same people as our January 6th coup? armed religious extremist who don't accept the populist modern viewpoint,   I doubt the ousted politicians were free from corruption, so half the people don't care who wins.
He leaves with four of his cars cram-packed full of money. That says everything about the man he is.
Who really is the enemy? Pan the camera back ! Show the bustling cities. The people who travel are not going to change thier habits. Not even for a small few men with ammo.
I am conflicted about the decision however I realize we will never change the region.
😊 Fled like batista the Cuban puppet 1959. History repeats
I don’t understand that.  Why have he left the country with his people there to defend for themselves....some “leader” he is😱😱😱.    Other countries are watching this.  Our administration is.......
Ghani is a coward and liar. At least Thieu stood his ground in Saigon until he was forced to resign in '75
Liebe Kinder!! Alle versagt !!! Alle Länder wer da war!! 👏👏👏👏😵😵😵😵👎👎👎👎👎Was gebracht 20Jahr da sein?!!! Ja,,, so viel ,,das jetzt gute Ausrüstung für Taliban !! So viel!! Bravo, Bravoooooo!!
CORRECTION - Afghan President Ashraf Ghani has abandoned Afghanistan
Probably playing golf with biden in a week.
There was really nothing the president could have done, his army (trained by the United States) surrendered and ran away, no police in the city to control the crowds and the Taliban were literally right there as on the same day they were in his office sitting at his desk.
🧟‍♀️
One is stuck playing the impassioned protagonist in one’s Subjective Narrative of Self 🎈
REBEL INC.  difficulty: AFGHANISTAN
Renember you voted for him!!!
Biden told them to STAND DOWN & FLEE
They are only waiting for US troops to leave again.
Wuss!
💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪🇨🇳❤🇵🇰👈😘
Someone said he was a coward for leaving while the USA left. The Taliban was given guns by the USA. This man saved his life and we are making fun of him for it? We left him hanging.
A location in the airport...lol
Women's' rights? Education of girls? The Taliban are giving up Sharia law? Reuters article August 15, 2021: "Afghan women forced from banking jobs as Taliban take control." Do you think these women have the freedom to take a knee in protest? Take a moment to think about where you live and what you have, and how bad it could be.
💩🇵🇰💩👈💩🇵🇰👈
Its an impossible situation happening in reality
Alhamdulillah
For the last 20 yrs the US Government and it’s Military cost the lives of 80,000 Afghani citizens….Not a single positive development by the US Government nor it’s Military were invested into the infrastructure/rebuilding process and to the innocent people of Afghanistan. This war cost $ 2 Trillion Dollars…..think about that number!!!! How many US veterans could’ve used that money towards rehabilitation, mental illness, needed surgeries, education, their families future…etc. Unfortunately, 22 veterans commit suicide a day from these so called “peace” wars….instead of honouring these brave soldiers, the US Government and it’s Military turned its back on them and neglected them and their needs!!! In fact, waging its own war against them as enemies….The Wars End. The Costs Don’t!!!
Que huey chopper, door gunner, side mounted M-60, oh, and don't forget Creedence Clearwater Revivals' Fortunate Son....
Their people need to stop being cowards and fight back! What can you do I guess if even your own president runs like a coward and leaves his people to fend for themselves! Sick of our soldiers dying for these cowards! I mean they believe in sharia law and hate Christians and come here speaking of how great their religion is and how with sharia law no one would sin but want us to run in and save them from their religious law! What am I missing here?
New World Order in full effect 🌎
1 Corinthians 15:3-4 For I delivered unto you first of all that which I also received, how that Christ died for our sins according to the scriptures; And that he was buried, and that he rose again the third day according to the scriptures:  1 John 5:13  These things have I written unto you that BELIEVE on the name of the Son of God; that ye may KNOW that ye have ETERNAL LIFE, and that ye may believe on the name of the Son of God.
Coward fled his country with no responsibility to his people
This fckin jalzira channel responsible for this .
Taliban GREAT MOVE👍👌👏👏👏
Ghani try to flee with a bag full of Money from the Peoples😎
Pray for Afghan civilians to be protected, especially in Kabul. My journalist friend fears for his life now. Thank you in advance to all who will join my prayers. May their prayers be returned with 10 times the blessings! Thank you for all your prayers!
WHEN A SQUAD IS GOING THROUGH WITH A CAR TO TAKE SUPPLIES WHEN DANGER ZONE IS COMING NEAR. THE DRIVER LEAVES THE GAME AND THE REST DIES OUTSIDE ZONE OR DIE BY FALLING FROM CAR.         THIS IS HAPPENING IN AFGHAN THE PRESIDENT DRIVER. THE THREE PLAYERS, AIR FORCE,ARMY AND PEOPLE
Taliban lol you mean Zionist
🤔 can you guys see the resemblance between the Taliban and the Maga mob? We should go after Trump Fanatics not the Taliban🔥 BIDEN✊
Lol Youtube running PR for the Taliban?
20 Yearsssss!!!!!!  Unraveled in a couple days    🐴 💩
Way to go Biden!
Biden is a joke. Thanks Democrats.
TALIBAN ARE MURDERERS AND RAPIST OF WOMEN AND CHILDREN  THE WORLD SHOULD ATTACK AND TAKE BACK CONTROL OF AFGHANISTAN COUNTRIES 👍 KILL ALL TALIBAN  💣💣💣
In 20 years time people are going to look back on this, like we looked back on the fall of Vietnam & think, " so that's what WTF stands for ".
Congratulation to al jajeera. Now when are you going live from Riyasate Madina......????
US got their oil and now they're building electric cars and no longer need oil they will destabilise another region for minerals.
Congratulations to Afghanistan for freedom after 20 years of world terror, congratulations to the winners Taliban and the rest of the Afghans. Your best brother in the future is Iran and Pakistan
The taliban never lost their country, we just occupied it. We knew this would be the outcome for 20 years. U can't change a culture unless u genocide them. Literally the afghan army doesn't have the will to fight their own country men.
Peaceful transfer of power
How can you expect your military and police to stay and want to fight when there leader runs like a coward WHAT A JOKE
lol what a coward :-)))))
Yup sounds like a politician leave your people when they need you most I don’t even know y we hold elections honestly even in the US they would do the same things to us if the country collapsed this world is a failure
Fatties are running again
American has made democracy into DEMONcracy.
الله أكير الله أكبر  الله أكبر ولله الحمد
THATS AMAZING
My government spends 1 trillion dollars, sends home thousands of middle Americans in body bags or wheel chairs, and does not even depose the people they came to and that is success? America was made great by men who had the courage to avoid war. Now it seems that wisdom is lost. May God forgive us for our jingoism.
Jack Sparrow in RL
Ray Charles could have seen this series of events coming but I guess the pentagon didn't
This is not Saigon failure! Saigon's failure only caused a loss of $400 billion! Afghanistan's failure caused $2.2 trillion in losses!
Allgemein :  Wo waren all die mutigen Bullen vom 1. August/Berlin .........?
how embarrassing.
Americans: I'm gonna tell you a joke. Afghanistan: what is it? Americans: being here for 20 years.
That's the ultimate failure. Basially the president said, "I'm out from this mess my folks but dont worry I have told some people to take care of you all.. Be safe for now"
Let's be honest, American leadership for decades has had no idea what it's doing.
The US causes all of this
Soldiers of usa and civilians of Afghanistan died for what reasons ....
What a coward .
Problem is not in Taliban but in Islam.
Most bogus & dirty
Rob has a massive fivehead
Bring in tekashi and his railgun. Haung! haung! haung!
Because Biden is weak
Load a ton of bombs in that American embassy and blow it up.
That's some pro-gamer moves
I'm in tears .
Any1 interested in joining my ZOOM meeting
we are living really dark times
I will tell you this for free.  The Taliban will not respect Woman's rights, they will steal property and they will murder government officials.
FINALLY we can see  how peacefull is Islam.. Great✌️
Thank god president Ghani is safe
It’s time for Biden to resign
Bug dogecoin
President of Afghanistan = Don't worry guys I have a plan *President of Afghanistan has left the game*
US did  destroyed Afganistan in 20 years. We do not have any strategic business to be there to begin with .
Shame on Afghanistan's government and also on their on president.
Congrats, US successfully breed  another terrorist group. someday they will come to US then aim some building just like in the past 🤣👍
90% people pro taliban
The USA has lost every war since WW2
Leaving leaving just like that
At least we don't have mean tweets anymore right guys?
This is the reason we don't believe in Biden Administration, No guts to take control, being a Super power..
Even the Afghanistan cricket team has put up a better fight than this.
Блин а что если мы все огурцы
Talibans are now going to make a ethnic cleansing killing 20.000 afgans those that didn't stood with them
The baton has been passed from the French to the Afghanistans, for the fasted surrender.
Worry about yourself before you worry about the enemy.
NEW WEAKEST ARMY OF THE WORLD IS UPDATED AND GUESS WHAT COUNTRY COMES FIRST!!   #1 AFGHANISTAN
Left fled …deserted their own country men. Ghani you coward!
"There's going to be no circumstance where you see people being lifted off the roof of a embassy of the United States from Afghanistan. It is not at all comparable," -Joe Biden, July 8th 2021
If they pushed out US military and now the president! And they running out embassy then taliban is no joke ! So why was the US there in the first place ? And all that money wasted ?
Ashraf Ghani left to prevent bloodshed...... namely his.
Afghan army, thats a laugh in itself,
Imagin Biden botching the leaving of afganastan this bad, yeah lost my vote
Arab Emirates and boris Johnson and joe Biden also support taliban they  want to fight in   Afghanistan
A true politican among savages 🔥🔥
as u say! what mission for Iraq war? when do u withdraw Iraq soldier?
Taliban man can be seen wearing a gear of British forces.. after @9:30
30/4/1975: fall of Saigon 15/8/2021: fall of Kabul  *History repeat itself, lol*
😢 I just wanna watch sports
This is why people hate paying taxes. Trillions gone in a week
IT WOULD HAVE BEEN A DISASTER NO MATTER WHO WAS PRESIDENT...FIRST MISTAKE...EVER BELIEVING THE TALIBAN...SECOND MISTAKE...THINKING THE AFGAN PEOPLE WOULD DEFEND THEMSELVES!
This comment section doesn’t shut up about “trillions wasted”  All I can think about is my fellow countrymen and women who fell over there 😔..
At least with Tara, Joe had an “exit strategy”.🏃🏻‍♂️
You will never convince people who are so deeply blindly by religious beliefs anything about equality or human rights.  This is why this part of the world is beyond help.  The west should have realized this a long time ago.  Pakistan supported the Taliban because they believe the same crazy ideas.  Let them implode.  It's sad for the Afghan people who want more enlightenment but it isn't the west's place to fight against religious beliefs.
THE WORLD MUST MAKE A WAR AGAINST TALIBAN.
Thanks Joe Biden 👍
Stuff money into 4 cars and helicopter, so you see how corrupted are this people????.......
Ghani know what happened to Najibullah..
Who cares
The Taliban taking back the country was "Super easy, barely an inconvenience".
Their leaders just left them.. My heart goes out to the afghan people. May God protects the people of afghan. 😰
Good job USA. Thousands of your men who died for nothing,and now many afghan people who will die
Great so now terrorists who have been locked up since 9-11 are free and who knows what will happen. I hope when Biden said he was going to take your guns y'all strapped up. Protecting America shouldn't have a price. Some of y'all talking about what a waste of money. I agree because the Taliban has now taken over and released about 1 thousand Terrorists.
Women’s rights are you kidding me that is the most stupidest thing I have heard!  They have not changed come on
Afganistan is a waste of time.  Always has been.
Peaceful at gun point they will rape and behead in the next few days hide your children’s and women
Arab fighters are cowards and they alone are responsible for their own country
Saigon 1975 - 2.0
I’m all for troops leaving Afghan 20 years and not a single thing was done. Afghan troops show no will to fight. US dumping trillions of dollars for a nation made out of paper mache. If we stayed there longer more US lives were going to be lost and more money being dumped. Let’s focus on our nation first stop fighting foreign wars.
Please save afghani people 😭😭
Ghani..the rats deserting a sinking ship. I guess Afghanistan found their Comical Ali.
I have a question will Taliban support LGBTQ communities ?
afstan.
Di jump sot aja pak auto boyah
Why is everyone running ? Suppose to be a religion of peace right ?
You know your country is close to the worst when you lose all control after another country's troops pull out and then their president is just like peace y'all but don't worry I'll keep you in my prayers. Man even Hitler went down with his ship 😂
Its ultimately up to the afghan people to want better for themselves,  it will be hard, but if they want change they need to earn it , america can only do so much
Second Afghan War?
Having therefore these promises, dearly beloved, let us cleanse ourselves from all filthiness of the flesh and spirit, perfecting holiness in the fear of God.   2 Corinthians 7:1
This is impressive. Resilience. They fought 20 years… The French are smarter they infect countries with corruption and rules from behind. USA goes with what they think is right and try to impose it by force. Any way 20 years of pure waste. Bush all that for what?
Just blow them the fck up
It was planned from long time and everything went as planned
US forced him to leave.
Can you imagine been in a prison serving years and then suddenly the guards leave and you just simply walk out a free man.... I like to hear these stories, bravo 👏☮️🍄
Running with his tail between his legs. Afghanistan know how to do that very well
Take responsibility haha, don’t make me laugh, you do what all leaders do, flee and leave the people to deal with all the death and destruction....Disgusting
Poor people! They are now on the hands of those crazies
Funny to see Taliban is Trending #2 in America 😅 !
Tadjikistan did not let him land. Now he is in Oman looking for a flight to the US.
As we speak they're busy celebrating their win by blowing up hospitals & schools, attacking women with whips and worse, carrying out public executions, destroying precious artifacts held for & by National Museums (what's left  fr their 92-98 & 2001 attacks), basically obliterating the entire infrastructure, terrorising it's people under the name of Allah.
Word on the street has it that Biden needs the troops to help vaccinate Americans
Well you know the country is damned when the president leaves.
Watching Terriost running wild it's one more thing we witnessed In Pandemic 🙄🙄
"I have plan Arthur"  Ghani
Pulling out now like this just to make a deliberate mess to justify going back in with more power in 5 years...just you see.	|
Kabul was taken over by the Taliban in a more orderly fashion than the BLM terrorist riots across America in 2020.
After 20 years, trillions of dollars and 100.000s of Innocent victims, USA withdraws and fled Afghanistan, America is a farce, ruled by fools💩🚾 wins wars only in Hollywood 😁 Agree with me?
Live to fight another day.
The Taliban used to be the only legal government in Afghanistan, before the United States declared it a terrorist organization🤣🤣🤣
All Taliban have to do for US and Europe to leave it alone are 1-Recognize Israel and say good things about it. There is already plenty of potential there with Pashtuns seeing themselves as a lost tribe of Israel with the Yosefzai tribe. 2-Let the gas pipeline go through Afghanistan from Turkmenistan to Pak by bypassing Iran. They'll be allowed to kill, and maim and torture as they please. Easy pizzy, lemon squeezy.
PAKISTAN ISI ZINDABAD
And the sad thing is he’ll live the rest of his coward life like a king under the protection of the US.
Mereko iss se kya len hai. Sab chill hai namak haram kill hai
If you're going to play news PUT THE NEWS SECTION BACK ON HERE.
Under Joe Bidens leadership,  his build back better plan for Afghanistan. Mega rally at the airport Joe's re-election campaign.
who is gonna be America slaves! not me!
Man this aged like sour milk for Biden lol
USA useless army ,in 1975 southern Vietnam,now 2021 is Afghanistan ,20?? is Taiwan ,helpless USA
People like U are concerned, not the ordinary Afghans
President Ashraf : "I have a plan" Several hours later: " I meant Plane, not plan."
Seems like many people are happy with Taliban winning. That means you like them and so you deserve them. Then why any country like US should come to your rescue? Deal with it yourself.
All foreigners must leave now.
Stop this propaganda , It’s their country non of anyone’s business and 90% of Afghans support taliban , otherwise taliban wouldn’t have been able to take over, and obviously their going to kill traitors who sided with the invaders just as any army of the world would do furthermore these one or two people they bring to media don’t represent the entire Afghan population, I really don’t care about what’s going on in Afghanistan but I’m smart enough to understand that. Everyone is free to think what they want but The lies of media will not brain wash me
All afghanis welcome india
Some are happy, some are sad. Some are unaffected... I don't know where to put America in these categories...
Biden has literally destroyed the world!!!!!
🙄as u wish👍
Joe Biden the worse president after Donald.  We Love you TALIBAN 💖💖 and Afganistan 💖💖💫
“I’m going to go to the store and grab some milk brb” (hops on plane)
Ghaddafi was a real president!
Coward!
That's actually much faster than what I expected
Even Steiner can salvage this situation with his buffed counterattack.
Lovely
Coward.
THEY'LL SET HIM UP IN BEL AIR AMONG THE RICH AND WEALTHY PEOPLES... BIN LADEN STAYED THERE WHILE HE WAS ON FBI MOST WANTED 👀 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
Don't worry emma has 2 moms
Please allow the American people pack with dignity, it’s too embarrassed
🤣🤣🤣🤣
President who?
Strongly call on WHO to investigate Fort Detrick Biolab and conduct COVID traceability investigations in the United States
There is no national feeling in afgani army and people.because of Kabeela culture they are living in for centuries. That's why the Afgani army lacks that unity,pride and motivation. Alongwith the weak and unreliable leaders multiplied this problem.They knew in their back of the mind that their head of the state will leave them and will fled to another country.
The fact that they withdrew troops before the US officials and translators is only to send more in telling of what the Biden administration is.
Maybe we can use our dollars to resolve our issues here at home now.
They are not Taliban They are Terrorists
Big PUMP ICP coin nowww, replace the internet !!!
“I HAVE AN IDEA!”                         *LETS LEAVE!*
it's their land and true islam is their law , respect their religion
Nice video mate!  As a trader, I have been able to understand that there are two sides when it comes to choosing sides, though i am not kicking against hodlin, but i see it as an old and odd strategy to make profit of the market as when the market goes bearish investors/traders loses their investment which is always painful, when you can take advantage of the market by involving in day trading or copying trade alert from a professional trader that do get tips & understand the market and use strategy to generate signals daily to make profit to grow your portfolio as i have been doing with Steve van meter for the past 3 weeks and I have been able to day trade to grow my initial 3.2 btc to 12 btc which you will rethink and see that trading is more better/profitable. Steve van meter is very accurate and always yields a great positive return on investment.  He can be reached on TELEGRAM (Stevevan) to join his program.
***Insert Curb Your Enthusiasm theme***
Love the western propaganda! keep brainwashing, President Biden!
If aliens ever invade us. I think the more safe place in the world would be Afganistán.
At this speed,  next year they will cross from the 6'th century civilization to 7'th century...!
After 2,000 deaths in the attack on the twin towers, thousands of deaths in the war in Afghanistan from several countries, billions of dollars spent, military equipment donated to the Afghan army, the only thing we have achieved is to kill Bin Laden, in conclusion the result in this case does not compensate neither the money spent nor the thousands of fatherless families that have remained. A band of farmers and ranchers has won the most powerful international coalition on the planet. It is perhaps the largest and most humiliating defeat for the coalition in history.
You were just abandoned by the Americans! Just like the Kurds!
Headed for the border right now.Applied for a U er or Lyft position?  WILL ORDER extra bacon all my food so he will not take bites out of my meal? Double seal my drinks? My friends drink from 7-11 was flat? Why. Because the driver was behind schedule or LATE?
Good luck guys....... Shariah law for everyone!
What President??? This guy abandoned his people.
To think that I played PUGB with afghan ppl, very good players and even make friend with some of them, to think that now they might get torture, beheaded, stone to death depending the offense or crime they could be acused of even if they didn't do anything... baffles the mind.... afghan ppl freedoms, lives are being taken away second by second right about now, afghan women were getting education, were able to drive, to work and provide at home, now they are going back to be just baby making machines just as taliban likes.
Didn't the US trained the Afghan soldiers for the past 20 years what happened 😕🤔
Awesome coverage, thank you! God Blessed the USA
So I guess the EX-PRESIDENT took SOCIAL DISTANCING SERIOUSLY 😂
Ghani did nothing but pocket American Dollars and now time to jump off a sinking ship because he don't want to dip his cowardly balls in it and will relish in trying to pin this on USA leaving while acting all noble...well eff him and all those Afghans who think someone else should be fighting their war for freedom and equality for them...you had 20 years of help...more than other causes have had...if the Taliban want it more than the Afghans themselves let the Taliban rule their own nation then...but the WORLD should put them under quick notice about their terrorist past behaviors.
They need my videos
that is the description of ; fighting for control ; and being kept to control,, those who kept will run and fighters will die for it
We should have trained and armed women army rather than those coward army men. Women have much to lose under Taliban rules than men. Women would have fought better and would be trusted and dependable than those cowardly imbeciles men we trained for 20 years.
First Vietnam, then Iraq and now Afghanistan..all failures of USA.
They will become like Iran
Afghans are used to this kind of thing, unfortunate but true
Let those afghans who want to live freely take refuge in other countries.....there is no option left now😶😶
Same Vietnam in 1975. President have plan, flight..
Oh awesome more failure from the biden admin. Impeach him now
😁 	I love Sturgis. It's Awesome they had a good turnout.	|
He was a Freemasons and he sold all the minerals to USA and Pakistan
What’s gonna change? One pedophile warlord for another? We spent trillions and 20 years on nothing. Vietnam 2.0. Worse even.
If you confess with your mouth Jesus as Lord and believe in your heart the Father raised Him from the dead you will be saved. Romans 10:9
Puppet must follow his master 😜😜😜
taking over kabul any% speedrun
I miss you George Bush
Suhail shaheen with trt said that many forces and army have joined them. Now we know why USA never could capture Afghanistan. The Afghans were loyal to fellow Afghans rather than foreigners.
Leaves when the US troops leave ... hmmm ..
Looks like the U.S wins again
Keliatan presiden boneka Amerika meninggalkan rakyat sendiri...
Ashraf ghani: "don't worry guys i have a plan" Also Ashraf ghani:"sorry i meant a plane"
Good news 🙆‍♂️💔
The Taliban says thanks for the guns and vehicles Joe
and the USA trained Afghan military with best equipment and money  and Pakistan Inter services intelligence agency trained Taliban with no money so here the result
The most expensive, sophisticated  military in the history of the world and it keeps being defeated by third world countries 😂😂😂
Before the Americans invaded Afghanistan, the Afghans had everything but votes. After the Americans invaded Afghanistan, the Afghans had nothing but votes
Americans funds and trained terrorist to kill Russians and stop communism. But now crying and for there losses and future consequences A Afghanistan  under communism STILL must be much better than terrorist run country.
Na na na naaa hey hey hey....goodbye
America only helps when their is profit for them.  When afganistan really need them they left like a coward.  You don't know how china and Pakistan will take advantage of this situation.
You people (aljazeera) might be happy now
Let's hope America doesn't launch an Assault and Men & Women aren't drafted.  We've been fighting in the Middle-East for how long? 30 years? Weither your a Liberal or Conservative, you gotta admit, we shoulda never gotten involved there.
the 🐀 fled
In a few weeks Afghanistan will make Libya look like paradise.
There's a reason why Afghanistan is called the Graveyard of Empires 💀
These reporters are lucky they're not in Palestine, or else they would be shot in their foreheads by Zionist super fascist apartheid regime terrorists
Well, at least the swift of power was in a kinda political manner.. Or....
Why people are running away from peace now? Ironical. 😅
lol people are free now and getting back their lands and those who did crimes from the past 15 up there are on the run now...
Where's Johnathan Iron when you need him
If any war last 20 years, equipped yourself with a Toyota.
Saigon has fallen again.
After the USA and NATO, the next turn will be for Modi and the RSS very soon۔ with help of God .
India faced these Islamists for more than 1000 years....still Hinduism and India survived because we had great heroes like Maharana Pratap,Rana sanga,Shivaji Maharaj and many more....now I know why they are great...
Not USA 🇺🇸 problem anymore
china builds a oil pipeline through Afghanistan with the Talibans blessing.
Joe biden legacy.  remember when the senile old man said this won't happen.
believe me, Taliban will be the best government for the Afghan people in the past 30-40 years contrary all these negative views of Taliban. don't forget the mess is on USA and the rest of the world for creating such scenery.
5000 more soliders.
My question is how are the civilians going to be impacted by Taliban control? I'm admittedly ignorant of Taliban beliefs.
The Mujahideen (TALIBAN) were backed primarily by the United States, Saudi Arabia, and the United Kingdom; the conflict was a Cold War-era proxy war. Between 562,000 and 2,000,000 Afghans were killed and millions more fled the country as refugees, mostly to Pakistan and Iran. Between 6.5%–11.5% of Afghanistan's population is estimated to have perished in the conflict which was started by USA to defeat Russia. The fire is still on and B52 is still bombing poor Afghans on the ground with help od India daily terrorist activity in Pakistan. So sad to know all these facts
ok
Taliban"warranty women will be respected" is a joke , taliban will "erase" everybody
By peaceful they mean inforcing sharia law and oppressing everyone
When in doubt, blame Trump!
I can't believe he just gave up without even trying the tiniest bit. Terrible. Worst thing the president could've done. Unspeakably irresponsible.
When your country needed you the most You flee :-(
💯💥💥Free Robert Sylvester Kelly 💯💥💥💯❤❤❤Free R. KELLY 💯💯❤❤💥💥MALICIOUS CONSPIRACY YOUTUBE
💯💥💥Free Robert Sylvester Kelly 💯💥💥💯❤❤❤Free R. KELLY 💯💯❤❤💥💥MALICIOUS CONSPIRACY YOUTUBE
Can’t believe this happening in 2021
America: We are done here, we pushed Taliban away. The Afghan people can do it on there own now.  Taliban spokesmen: Thank you for youre language. Btw we have time.
Adult film star Peter North had more consistency in 40 yrs of adult entertainment than we did in Afghanistan for 20 yrs
Lol they have 300 thousand soldiers and surrender what a bunch of cowards
Comments are disabled.     Whoops.
This is exactly what the U.S. can do nothing about...the Afghan army has been given weapons, and trained how to use them. The U.S. can not teach courage.  All the Afghan army does is surrender, they don't seem to fire a single weapon.  No matter how long or how we exit the result would be exactly the same. Russia learned it, and who ever else tried to win wars in this region know you CANNOT win.  The people have no will to fight for themselves. No revolution takes place from without. They are steeped in their traditions and continue to raise their kids as such.  You can win all the battles in that region, but will will never win the war. The people have no will to rise up against th Taliban.
Sparks are flying soon
Ahhh so the puppet government falls without its masters support, how typical
Americans have again left the Afghanis at their hour of need
finally Jewish lobby won the war in Afghanistan with help of their of their lost tribe benyamin
President has left the chat
Biden is killing it
...i'm the captain now.
Alhamdulillah
President Biden did a great job for Afghanistan, otherwise Afghanistan would have become like Palestine😢 for which he should have received the Peace Prize. By the way I don’t vote for President Biden 😂
Jesus is your way to heaven, he paid the price for your sins. Once you believe you are sealed and saved forever.
Jesus is your way to heaven, he paid the price for your sins. Once you believe you are sealed and saved forever.
"The likelihood there's going to be the Taliban overrunning everything and owning the whole country is highly unlikely." Genius Biden, July 8th 2021 news conference.   Failed presidency in foreign and domestic policies and it's only 6 months into the first year of his administration.
Allahu akbar
The taliban has learned and much more coordinated, it is more capable then the Afghanistan government its self.
I am Indian and support afganistan but why Indian government not support afganistan
USA must nuke Kabule now!
Such a shame that Charli D'amelio is trending over this.
Shameful. Saddam Hussein stayed in Iraq and died in Iraq.
“You Either Die A Hero, Or You Live Long Enough To See Yourself Become The Villain” — Harvey Dent
Afghan citizens: "What are we to do?" Ashraf Ghani: "Don't worry I have a plan" Afghan citizens: "What is the plan, president Ghani?" Ashraf Ghani: "Well for starters, see that military helicopter over there? I'm gonna get on it and get the f**k outta Dodge. Let me know how things work out for y'all"
WHERE'S JACK BAUER!?
Cant wait for Taliban delegation for the next Olympics 🙌
So sad…
Another Fine Move by The Hand of Biden the Blunderer !!🤬👹
Afghan will have a civil war very soon the people aren’t going to want to put up with the Taliban for long
who can beat captain america      captain afganistan
This is why The Art of War was written. China, thousands of years ago, figured out that conquering territory is much easier than actually having to manage that territory. The Art of War was literally written to subjugate other nations through soft power so they can manage themselves without the conqueror having to expend any extra effort to do it themselves.
We are witnessing arguably the largest and most embarrassing emergency evacuation in modern times. Over 120 aircraft, and that’s only American aircraft, are hectically trying to airlift thousands of US citizens out of a lost cause. One of the most expensive lost causes in modern history.  Comparisons with Vietnam and Saigon are wrong. This is worse; NATO has given up trying get out before the Taliban comes in.  America and its partners are evacuating under the eyes, at the mercy of the Taliban - who are now in control of Kabul. They didn’t storm it, or fight for it or even buy it - it was given to them. Just like that.  A vast and modern Afghan army, an internationally backed Afghan government and the ambitions of America folded before an army of farmers and religious zealots who spent that better part of 20 years on hiding.  And after all the bloodshed, the hundreds of thousands dead, the agony and suffering of tens of millions over decades… NATO begs the Taliban to let them leave peacefully.   This is not a time to gloat. Despite the Taliban’s promises of forgiveness - any Afghan marred by cooperation with human rights organizations, with women’s movements, with foreign forces - they will be targeted. There can be little doubt about that.  What has transpired in Afghanistan over the last few months is a global tragedy, which sends all the wrong messages to every warlord in the world.
number 1 trending and only 800k views. Bruh
All I can say about the president of Afghanistan  “Coward”🤦
"the embassy is relocating to the closest airport sorry for the inconvenience" XD
Can someone teach Sohail how to use  a phone
This world is falling apart
Here is what I think: afghan people have tasted democracy, I don't think that they'll want to go back to being oppressed and ruled by some fanatics. Sure, things now look bad, but that's how it is, Taliban cannot put the genie back in the bottle. Afghan people have to do it themselves, to fight for their rights.
"women's rights will be respected"? XD that's it.
വിസ്മയം  തന്നെ  താലിബാൻ
Imran Khan... They are coming for you!
Hahahaha 🤣 this one is on biden
“it will be stated that the I.S.I. defeated the Soviet Union in Afghanistan with the help of America.” “The I.S.I., with the help of America, defeated America.” said Gen. Hamid Gul Ex DG ISI
O I C 👀
Coward
This country was sold to the taliban
'Nam 2
Biden’s Afghanistan failure today Taiwan tomorrow 💀
What transition ? What negotiation ? It is game over ! The Talibans are already in Kabul!
The real question is who’s the Talibans leader ?? I never seen his face once ❕❗️🛩
By Kabul Hello Qatar 🇶🇦✨
Coward
Hopefully the Taliban keep the gender studies programs that Pelosi spent our money on
UN'S slave country worried about women in Afghanistan!! They want to see bikini in afghan road.... that is their goal. Bad luck they can't see
20 years of war and "training" just for the Taliban to take Afghanistan in a week.
you know those taliban had guns pointed at him and as soon as they're in power, afganistan will turn into a mosh pit of genocide.
The government of Afghanistan was slave of America. They work for only money and power not for people.  ➡️☑️ And there is many doll government in world.
Good reporting job. Yup! From southern Colorado. Thanks.
Why does the thumbnail look like a Far Cry screenshot
President to people- Don't fear, No threat.. just run.
UN must protect Afghanistan
ALL WAS SIGNED AND ORGANIZED STARTING WITH TRUMP DEAL WITH THE TALIBAN EVERY ONE BENEFITS OF IT USA SAVE MONEY AND TROUPS KNOWING THE TALIBAN ARE ALSO ANTI IS!!!!!! WICH IS A BIG PLUS !!! CHINA AND RUSSIA STAY THERE AND START A NEW ECONOMIC STEATEGY LONG TIME EYED BY CHINA.....🧐😏 MOST GOVERNMENTS KNEW THEY JUST HIDED THE PLAN TO THE PUBLIC
Clearly this is not an overnight success from Taliban, someone from the whitehouse is not giving the real situation and could affect international relations when it comes to intelligence sharing. I feel for the people of Afghanistan, a sad day indeed.
I hope he is a good guy
Ashraf ghani fled Afghanistan & has since been employed In the American circus as a CLOWN!
Pro-pagan-da
INDIA NOT WASTE  INDIAN MONEY IN AFAGANISTHAN
How can a president leave Afghanistan  It is a big shame
What actually happened is taliban going to give what US wants in Afghanistan without war and US will not interrupt with taliban in power!
Smart man nothing he can do, because he’s army was a failure why stay? At least he save his life
I wasn't shocked at all!
I am hoping that they are liking ours arsenal, the M16 etc..... Better than the AK47.... !
This is a US plan after all. They will allow the Tailban to plot an attack against a western power and then the US will have the military move in again. Remember it's all about money. The US Military uses bombs made from Tax payer money. The US had 20 years to teach the Afghan army to be strong but no Afghan military resistance at all. That is all a plan that went perfectly according to the US Government. It will cost a lot of US Taxpayer money and the US military is getting billions. Well done US GOV
Huge thank you coming from Taliban!   The Taliban leadership is asking all its followers to write thank you cards to the United States.   They are thanking lthe  United States for the wonderful new military weapons we left them, to say thank you for handing the entire state back over to them and to say thank you for protecting our poppy fields.  They know how much heroin is needed in the free world and are thankful that we let them supply it,   Heartfelt love!
Verizon was providing internet to President of Afghanistan.   He texted,  F+++k this!   I have my American millions,   I’m off to a  off shore paradise.  He sent a pic of himself drinking out of a coconut in a Hawaiian shirt!   The helicopter than dropped out back of his office  and he ran out to the chopper with his hands waving in the air.  Waving like he just didn’t care!
Blinken out to  he cannot work to Ethiopian government instead of working with a tarerest TPLF in Ethiopia
It seems like another vietnam?
The finicky brother-in-law disturbingly develop because print peroperatively press toward a lamentable anthony. capricious, statuesque purple
“It’s not our war” is bullshit‼️ The Taliban have been America’s enemy for years. If they take over Afg it will only make them stronger. it’s never too late to prevent future crises.
This is absolute b.s.
HE HAS MILLIONS/BILLIONS OF AMERICAN TAXPAYERS DOLLARS IN SWISS BANK ACCOUNTS  STAYING AT HIS FRENCH VILLA NEXT DOOR TO GEORGE CLOONEY OBAMA JOHNNY DEPP AND AOC
Am sure he looted millions from the Afghan treasury before making his escape.
Pray for Afghanistan 🇦🇫💔🥺
Peaceful transformation of power. No looting, no destruction... Impressive!
Very historical, hope Afghanistan thru Teliban rule gain economy to resolved terrorism. No point to wage wars. Peace among humans.
Watching from srinagar
They should have fought the Taliban as though they were foreign invasion, I mean come on fight for your mother, sister, and daughter, because you know their going to rape and kidnapp them, corruption and cowardness will always destroy a society.
IF WE DON'T GO BACK AND MAKE THIS CRIMINALS TALIBAN TAKE OVER THEN WE AMERICANS DIE WITH NOTTING AND THAT IS NOT GOING TO HAPPEN..TO ME WE SHOULD MAKE WOMEN AND CHILDREN'S MOVE OUT FIRST AND THEN IF TALIBAN THINK THEY ARE THE MEN ON THIS WORLD THEY SHOULD STAY AND LET SEE,  BECAUSE WE AMERICANS DON'T DIE WITH NOTTING, THAT IS NOT HOW AMERICANS STAND FOR .. WE AMERICANS DIE FOR FREEDOM AND PEACE ✌..
跑的比香港记者还快
he is just a puppet of usa so he knows when talibans come they kill him he ranaway he loot all money and run simple.
He had to escape no puppet can survive without its master
وَقُلۡ جَآءَ ٱلۡحَقُّ وَزَهَقَ ٱلۡبَـٰطِلُ  ۚ  إِنَّ ٱلۡبَـٰطِلَ كَانَ زَهُوقًا   اور اعلان کردے کہ حق آچکا اور ناحق نابود ہوگیا۔ یقیناً باطل تھا بھی نابود ہونے واﻻ And say, "Truth has come, and falsehood has departed. Indeed is falsehood, [by nature], ever bound to depart."  وَنُنَزِّلُ مِنَ ٱلۡقُرۡءَانِ مَا هُوَ شِفَآءٌ وَرَحۡمَةٌ لِّلۡمُؤۡمِنِينَ‌   ۙ وَلَا يَزِيدُ ٱلظَّـٰلِمِينَ إِلَّا خَسَارًا   یہ قرآن جو ہم نازل کر رہے ہیں مومنوں کے لئے تو سراسر شفا اور رحمت ہے۔ ہاں ﻇالموں کو بجز نقصان کے اور کوئی زیادتی نہیں ہوتی And We send down of the Qur'an that which is healing and mercy for the believers, but it does not increase the wrongdoers except in loss.  (Chapter 17, Verses  81,82    )
وَقُلۡ جَآءَ ٱلۡحَقُّ وَزَهَقَ ٱلۡبَـٰطِلُ  ۚ  إِنَّ ٱلۡبَـٰطِلَ كَانَ زَهُوقًا   اور اعلان کردے کہ حق آچکا اور ناحق نابود ہوگیا۔ یقیناً باطل تھا بھی نابود ہونے واﻻ And say, "Truth has come, and falsehood has departed. Indeed is falsehood, [by nature], ever bound to depart."  وَنُنَزِّلُ مِنَ ٱلۡقُرۡءَانِ مَا هُوَ شِفَآءٌ وَرَحۡمَةٌ لِّلۡمُؤۡمِنِينَ‌   ۙ وَلَا يَزِيدُ ٱلظَّـٰلِمِينَ إِلَّا خَسَارًا   یہ قرآن جو ہم نازل کر رہے ہیں مومنوں کے لئے تو سراسر شفا اور رحمت ہے۔ ہاں ﻇالموں کو بجز نقصان کے اور کوئی زیادتی نہیں ہوتی And We send down of the Qur'an that which is healing and mercy for the believers, but it does not increase the wrongdoers except in loss.  (Chapter 17, Verses  81,82    )
$2 trillion and 20 years. What a waste. Would have been better spent elsewhere; like maybe a mag-lev grid across US, or a few dozen nuclear powered desalination plants  to end drought in Western US.
USA have showed once again the character .
What happened to this X presidents 300,000 strong Army both he and idiot biden BRAGGED about only a few hours ago ? Like everything about Regime Wars LIES maketh them and LIES eventually destroy those who maketh said KILLING fields..... Without exception.
This wouldn't have happened if Trump was still in power.
These Taliban folks are rock hard and tough as they come with no quit in them.  Yet another American fiasco which has gotten a lot of people killed.  Anybody with common sense could read a history book and know for sure how this adventure was going to conclude.  Sometime I feel our Politicians do not have the sense God gave to an idiot.
Talibaan,,,,,Do work prosperity, of Afghanistan  flawless blood,,,,
Afghanistan:  looting and violence taking over political offices  United States: Looting and violence taking over political offices   We need to work on ourselves before we try to help others
Just like Trump ….
What did you expect? The only thing holding them at bay was Americans military. People complained for years about us staying in Afghanistan for so long and now when we withdraw they’re surprised at taliban coming back out? They live there! They will always be there, we were the foreigners there.
Another Iran.
Full circle. Mission accomplished!
Taliban will repeat their atrocities to the Afghan people.
Oh, say it ain't so Joe?
Biden accomplishment ... peaceful surrender of Afghanistan ... oh well.  Highest form of incompetency of an american president.
Dr Fauci will be concerned about the lack of social distancing and masks
Shame on Ghani
All the money and the weapons in the world and they still are able to walk into Kabul unopposed and put an end to the looting. God bless them. Maybe now the Afghan people can have democracy and not the obscene farce that the United States tried to impose.
What a coward?
Did Ashraf fled in the middle of the night , shutting off the lights at the presidential palace when he left ?
Are they checking the Taliban for passport mandates. Lmao
World is watching Afghanistan to fell into the hands of Terrorist state and are doing nothing.  I hope the international community do not recognize these animals as legitimate government as they are Pakistan's installed regime.
I'm not quitting the country, is just a "holiday that for sure will last forever"
Such a Tragedy!   Once the Occupiers(USA/UK) leaves, there'll be retribution, constant daily murders, massive graves for the Men/Old, raping of women, lawlessness rampant, etc.....  USA laughing how Russia couldn't defeat the Talibans, looks like the joke is now on US...  Feeling very bad for the Afghan Civilians who "SUPPORTED" the US/UK invasion of Afghanistan....    The repercussion and payback to these So-Called Western World Policies/support is extremely harsh and most often met with CRUELTY/BARBARIC/INHUMANE/CALLOUS!!    The vicious, barbaric, atrocity to innocent Civilians and Western World supporters....   NO Exceptions, men, women, childre, elderly, sick, etc....women will return to Sub-human pre-Taliban era....  Trouble in Paradise, Trouble in the days ahead for Afghan Civilians despite what Taliban leaders saying there's "no revenge".     Praying for their Survival, this is Bad and it's going to get UGLY...
Free Palestine
Combat footage is hard to come by . . . there wasn't any!
go Taliban !   no more OXYCOTTONS
Rape kill everyone Taliban Country now. Joe Biden the Afganistan force are great, COWARDS
Well, the u.s was great at predicting the best time to leave!
The Poor People There There History Very Sad 😢
Surprised he didn't copy what Hitler did
I remember in 2001 Mulla Omer gave the interview and said that he saw prophet Muhammad In his dream and prophet told him that Omer don't worry Taliban will win this unjust war on them. Honestly I didn't believe Mulla Omer at that time.
You can't blame him.  If he stays he will be beheaded by the terrorist group called the Taliban who will take back Afghanistan to the 1st Century with all its Barbarism.
Where should president Ghani buy his retirement cottage?
US failed again.
Hahaha ah bhaag gye bc😂😂😂🇵🇰💪
Problem is USA never understood that every Afghanistani is a taliban.
Love u ❣️ love u love u 💖😘💖😘 Taliban fighters zindabad We love Talibans
Victory and free from big terrorist America
USA trained President of Afghan how to abandon and tell them every thing is fine.....  too bad
where is Joe Biden in some basement and where is the vice president ,the Chinese will support the Taliban and will offer to rebuild Afghanistan now with only one thing in Mind ,to create more problem for India ,
Let be real, we all knew this was going to happen
LEAVES. WHAT A JOKE. HE FLED THE COUNTRY TOGETHER WITH US OFFICIALS HAHAHA
Just don't brutally kill any western diplomats that are fleeing.
Relax... Capt. Marvel and WonderBra-Woman will save.. the US Embassy! There's a lot of room in that invisible plane.
It would be funny if his American citizenship gets revoked
Thanks Biden
TALIBAN is The Army of God. JIHAD IS THEIR MOTOR SOUL BOOSTER. Have no fears to anyone but Allah SWT. No live in luxurious way. They live in mountain, river, dessert. Just Allah SWT blessing. Not like puppet government in Afganistan nowadays. Have beautiful palace. On the other hand, their peoples in poor living.
...No problem. Just wait and see the "diverse"-female 007 take the Kabul Airport! That's what the intrepid Boris Johnson has prepared for today.
Taliban: Exists President Ashraf Ghani: *Ight imma head out*
Life is perfect sweet let him running a way from his position if not he's going to slaughter like animals 🤭
It didn't have to end this way and it still doesn't.  The Biden administration is wholly responsible for this current humanitarian crisis, and past administrations are complicit through years of mismanagement.  Shame on our nation!
Few days ago he talked about retaliation and today he left the country..what a coward president!
To avoid bloodshed... the President exited quietly... he lost his marbles somewhere.
Thaliban doesn't want to revenge.. they will give amnesty to whome sourrender. Shariah law give mercy.. they will follow prophet Muhammad as raw model during released Makkah City from non believers to the God. Well done Thaliban. Might Allah bless Afghanistan with Shariah law.
For the last 20years Afghanistan government depended on borrowed strength of western impostor armies. It has just been a pretence and empty eggshell that never had the confidence of the governed. That is why it quickly fell apart as soon as the Americans signalled that they were going to pull out.   In the eyes of the average Afghan, the government was an instrument of indirect western rule to remake them in the image of the west. This they vehemently rejected as it went against their sense of self-worth and Islamic faith and culture. Neo-colonialism has failed dramatically.   The people of Afghanistan are the Talibans, and the Talibans are Afghans. For the west to have assumed they could drive a wedge between the two is a classic lack of understanding of peoples and culture and the epitome of arrogance and superiority complex. Westernization, democracy, and culture are not transferable nor exportable like you would do body transplant. The host body has the inherent ability to reject the foreign body.   Afghanistan is the graveyard of imperialism and foreign armies. I hope the west has learned its lesson. Every nation has the right to self-determination and the west have to accept that, that determination can be different from theirs. You just have to respect that and let live.   The era of white man’s burden to civilize the world is long expired. People just hate that inherent arrogance. They have the right to live and manage their affairs the way they see and want it, not according to the dictates of the west. Twenty years of demonization of the Taliban has come to a crashing halt and failure. The Taliban could not have achieved their success if they didn’t have the support of the people on the ground. Saigon 2021, adios!
President sitting in 5 star hotel in Dubai. No worries guys.    The yanks put 100 million in my bank account. Wankers.
If the people of Afghanistan want to suffer under the hands of a dictatorship, them let them at it. However, if the Taliban attempts to expand beyond Afghanistan, then we need to smash any attempt by them to do so. Containment is all that we can practice now
sharia law and ethnic cleansing are just get started.. Stone age
Taliban's offer looks deceiving to me 🧐
Afghan President "The minister of security will take over now"  Afghan President "Let's go soldiers, am done"
Then Jesus said to the crowds and to his disciples: “The teachers of the law and the Pharisees sit in Moses’ seat. So you must be careful to do everything they tell you. But do not do what they do, for they do not practice what they preach. They tie up heavy, cumbersome loads and put them on other people’s shoulders, but they themselves are not willing to lift a finger to move them. Everything they do is done for people to see: They make their phylacteries wide and the tassels on their garments long; they love the place of honor at banquets and the most important seats in the synagogues; they love to be greeted with respect in the marketplaces and to be called ‘Rabbi’ by others. “But you are not to be called ‘Rabbi,’ for you have one Teacher, and you are all brothers. And do not call anyone on earth ‘father,’ for you have one Father, and he is in heaven. Nor are you to be called instructors, for you have one Instructor, the Messiah. The greatest among you will be your servant. For those who exalt themselves will be humbled, and those who humble themselves will be exalted". Matt 23 NIV  YOU SHALL NOT MAKE FOR YOURSELF AN IMAGE in the form of anything, in Heaven above or in the Earth beneath, or in the waters below. You shall not bow down to them or worship them, for I the Lord your God am a jealous God, punishing the children for the sin of the parents up to the third and fourth generation of those who hate me, but showing love to a thousand generations of those who love me and keep my commandments.  "If my people who are called by my name, humble themselves and pray, AND TURN FROM THEIR WICKED WAYS, I will hear from Heaven, will forgive their sins, and will heal their land."  AND WHEN YOU PRAY, DO NOT BE LIKE THE HYPOCRITES, for they love to pray standing in the synagogues and on the street corners to be seen by others. Truly I tell you, they have received their reward in full. BUT WHEN YOU PRAY GO INTO YOUR ROOM, close the door and pray to your Father, who is unseen. Then your Father, who sees what is done in secret, will reward you. And when you pray, do not keep on babbling like pagans, for they think they will be heard because of their many words. Do not be like them, for your Father knows what you need before you ask him.  This, then, is how you should pray:  Our Father in heaven, hallowed be your name, your kingdom come, your will be done, on earth as it is in heaven. Give us today our daily bread. And forgive us our debts, as we also have forgiven our debtors. And lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from the evil one.  For if you forgive other people when they sin against you, your heavenly Father will also forgive you. But if you do not forgive others their sins, your Father will not forgive your sins.  "Matthew 5-7 NIV Bible Gateway", we can use google search. These are the teachings, The Righteousness of our Lord Jesus Christ our God. REPENT, and start doing what is right. If you abide my teachings, you are really my disciples; then you will know the truth, and the truth will set you free.  Yet a time is coming and has now come when the true worshipers will worship the Father in the Spirit and in Truth, for they are the kind of worshipers the Father seeks. GOD IS SPIRIT so his worshipers must worship in the Spirit and in Truth.  In the New Heaven and New Earth, only Righteousness dwells. May the Spirit of our Lord Jesus Christ our God be with you all.
Ashraf Ghani is neither Ashraf= honourable or Ghani= Rich, well maybe he is rich, lol
Taliban will never accept to share power with anyone else who is not part of them
US foreign policy utter failure -lives lost, $$, 20 years, and creating more problems with their dirty policies. They need a total re-form of its Ways. Sad turn of events.
Reminiscent of south vietnam.
Ashraf Ghani: "Dear People I am fleeing but I am taking full responsibility of your protection...and I have warned Taliban." What a joke, USA and Nato has created named Ashraf Ghani, he has returned to where he belongs and real sons of Afghanistan has arrived to Kabul and they are sitting in so called presidential palace.
The women need to all come together and make a stand/ and or quit the women policies and just do what they got to do and what they want for themselves ride or die women...
What a coward. Take responsibility and run like a coward. Maybe that was God’s will.
যখন সন্ত্রাসবাদ আমেরিকা তালেবান‌দের কে তাদের নিজেদের রাজ্য থেকে জোরপূর্বক তাড়িয়ে দিয়ে ক্ষমতা ছিনিয়ে নেয় তখন কারো মাথা ব্যথা ছিলো‌ না। এখন যখন তালেবানরা নিজেদের রাজ্য হাজারো, লাখো রক্তের বিনিময়ে পুনরায় তাদের রাজ্য ফিরিয়ে নিয়েছে এখন কিছু অমানুষের কাছে তারা খারাপ / জঙ্গী হয়ে গেল ?
America is back
How about the trophy or loot for taliban ? 4 wives afghans prepare your daughters for handover to taliban fighters.
Cowards Afghan govt men!😆😅🤣
Over decade USA whatever did it just within 2 weeks vaporized. They might say “ Thank You so much “ did everything for country. USA might reply like “ No Problem “ just we spend one trillion only taxpayer money and little over 2300 soldiers American life.
The little biden's administration looks like a scared running dog.
Next israel
The U.S actually train the Taliban for the last 20 years
Do americans win anything way from pretodollor??
when a leader run,it shows he dont have peoples support.
I hope he the president left earlier before thousands died.
Stupid Ashraf Ghani thought US would not dare leave him alone, hence refusing to talk about how to bring peace and power sharing.
The enemies are taking advantage of Biden’s incompetence and incoherence. China,Russian, North Korea and now the taliban.
who says the captain always goes down with the ship
Hardly anyone is mentioning Iran for a change. Good, may it last for at least couple of weeks.
Ghani:F.T.S.I
Did the afghans needed help expelling talibans before? Did afghans really wanted to shift to western style democracy? Next time let the country solve its problems internally. Americans cant even solve its own mass shooting problems….
Dude got kicked from his OWN chat room. Pwned lol !!
WELL DONE USA !!!NOW TAKE CARE OF ALL THE REFUGES !EUROPE TOOK CARE FOR U LAST TIME NOW DO IT YOURSELF !!USA CREATED THIS MESS NOW DEAL WITH IT !OR MABY OTHERS SHOULD !!USA DONT TAKE IN AFGANI REFUGES EUROPE DOES!!!
ALLAHU AKBAR!
After America and the West stole Afghanistan's wealth, especially uranium, it withdraws and leaves a homeland for the unknown
Biden weighing nuclear option for Kabul
Nothing is successful about this situation and awaited of Americans  lives that serve  there.Really disrespectful to the men and women that lost their lives and limps fighting  awake cause. But if the people of that country  don't have the heart to fight for their way of life neither should any American shed their blood or loss their life if they don't care by now neither should America. Mark it as a bad debt and move on
This  is why other nations  has doubts  concerning us commitments  .its like this country  doesn't learn from history.  Southeast Asia  ? It was projected that if the us goes in to that country the military would be expected to stay permanent  cause  there's no military answer to that country many have tried  .Another Vietnam
Goverment and Usa have plan b  ....pc19....
Ashraf Ghani sold Afghanistan to the Taliban.
This shows what success America and Neto achieved in last 2 decades. They have successfully manipulated thier public and looted thier trillions of taxes.
President Ashraf Ghan ; take care brush your hair.
Another lost war
*The 20 year sham is over*
A lot of people here do not understand why this happened. This happened because the Afghan people want the Taliban. Even some of the ANA
the coward ran away 😅🖕
And the end...
The Taliban have seized hundreds of guns, ammunition and other military equipment abandoned by US forces in Afghanistan. If they take over the military they will have transports like the C130 and fighter jets.
So why were we there?  No Osama there.  All those troops that died.   For what?
A Taliban "amnesty" ?  What about all those beheaded Afghan police and army? The Taliban will come in the night later and take their revenge in secret.
Be grateful that your able to sleep in your bed tonight
Follow the money. AK-47 and ammunition does not grow in trees. Who is financing them?
America fails. China laughs. New era begins.
Ghani should have stayed. He has disappointed his people.
The USA helped to create the Taliban and now cannot defeat them.
And NOW the Taliban announce an Islamic Gold Currency.
Trump legacy having ripple effects on US foreign policy long after he left office.
Taliban 😡😡😡🖕🏼
Almost nobody in the west knows or talks about that Taliban always was Pashtuns tribe and Pashtun tribe was Taliban. both Hamid Karzai and Ashraf Ghani are Pashtun they both had a plan from the beginning to hand over the the power to Pashtun, now they have succeeded delivering that plan  before unites states invasion of Afghanistan people didn't refer to Talibans (as we know it today) as Taliban, people refer to them as Pashtuns  United Sates tried to divorce Pashtuns from Taliban. But got divorced themselves from Afghanistan
If a president run 🏃 what about a civilian .
We give the Afghanistan army the latest in weaponry, they give us the Taliban in short order!
Taliban is the quickest winner of against all world enemy. Modern record for Muslim history.
If the people of Afganistan  didnt want the taliban they would have fought harder.
This coward is why the samurai commit suicide after defeat.
Where is Afghan Nobel winner🤣🤣 young   beauty🥷🔫
The best way to spend my  poor Americans citizens tax money 😅😂🤣
Check on your veteran friends. They are not ok.
This was trumps plan. Maybe he is still the president?
End of 20 year’s Afghan armies relaxation .
he didnt leave, he ran like a dog
President Ghani should be complemented that he left, avoiding bloodshed is more valuable than being stubborn and staying.  Little do the masses reflect.
"And what do we have for the loser Johnny?"...a lifetime supply of US dollars.
I like Biden I really do but it obviously that he is not taken seriously
Comon ….. do not jabble about talibans agree to peace ……they never would!
" President Ashraf Ghani runs away for his life" sounds better
20 Years wasted for nothing I guess, the freaking Taliban tuck the country with the USA left overs, in the end the USA never had control in 20 years
He pulled a Ted Cruz ..
Utter completey
We don't need refugees
Completely
The devils have to be destroyed
You who do wished  that development  are going to pay for that dearly…with al consequences!
Now talibans dream has become true. i can imagine how education,health system and infrastructure will develop.must be hard for talibans without having war. but i trust their leaders,they are experts in everything. i think military camps must be the best business they can manage.
No food but phones.
Unbelievable.
So bad  defelish 👹 non poeple
Where are Taliban getting guns from? Who is financing them?
They do not let women be human  be  amongst our society….
The comment section is why I dislike politics and choose to stay out of them. So much pointless bickering and hatred when people just want to live their lives.  1) Quit blaming the American people for crimes the government has caused.   2) The Taliban is evil, just like the US government, so, don't support it. Do you need to be reminded of the crimes the Taliban caused as well? If you seriously think they are going to be better than they were before, you need a reality check. No crooked criminal should ever be supported. I feel sad for the Afghans who don't feel safe with the Taliban around.
Still, it was a more peaceful transition than the US had.
Devils👺 ?
In world no have power undo to taliban
lol why is there so many Asians working in or near the white house
He had good decision to leave country he does not want his country people don't suffer more
What is the real motive behind increasing army. 3500 withdrawn as last step and now 6000 being send back. There is something fishy. Is USA going to commit grave massacre/ genocide of Talibans in whole of Afghanistan. Just like France killed 15 million Algerians 200 years ago, to forcefully occupy their homeland. The very birth of USA took place out of mercilessly killings of millions of native Red Indian population.
When will the bombs drop on america? its way overdue.
The failure is the Afghan military. They had the numbers and equipment.  They ran, just like their leader who fled the country How is anyone surprised by this? Tailban was even boosted by former Trump.
*cartoon running sound*
Has China recognized the Tailban yet for mining rights?
Ashraf ghani, the fastest 🏃‍♂️man in 2021
malakar
Surah Ar-Rum [30:5] In the victory of Allah. He gives victory to whom He wills, and He is the Exalted in Might, the Merciful.
😂
the American government is its own problem because most are democrats, lazy and dumbasses people
....i knew this invasion of Afghanistan would not end well. The Taliban are back and a few million will be fleeing to Turkey; from there they will be herded across the sae into Greek islands and into Bulgaria and then the rest of Europe. I hope the EU members of NATO now enjoy what is about to come flooding into their Nations !
Just nuke them.
I would rather be under Cghina control than criminal minded Democrats contrul...
Take Kabul you conquer Afghanistan.
I hope the americans should quit their planned war on Iran!! coz no country/partner will be willing to cooperate with US
CIA, FBI, NDA, and all other corrupt agencies in the American government are ran by idiots and scalawag...Comey is the example of a scalawag...
I smell 🐔
This failure wouldn't happen under Trump...
@10:40 the guy in slippers and his mates conquering a country as well as let US and British Army run away
DO THEY HAVE A NUCLEAR WEAPON PROGRAMME?
Can't believe a terrorist group has taken control over a country. God help the younger generation being groomed into terrorists to spread evil through out the world in the future. I wouldn't trust them one bit. This will turn very badly once they have power.
Let them kill each other over there and let nobody come to the West. We don't need anything of them
He's just buying some milk
Comment le monde peux laisser tomber tous c’est millions de personnes. Tout les jeunes filles qui avait de l’ambition, nous sommes coupable de leurs avoir donner l’espoir d’une vie. On dirait la planète de singe ou un autres dimension. Je suis tranquille au Canada à regarder ça pi j’ai de la difficulté à concevoir que c’est réel
Typical leaders. They  do nothing, get privilege when they are in power and take no responsibility when the ships goes down. Btw, did he provide confirmation of a negative PCR test, issued within 72 hours of arrival before he traveled to Tajikistan?   But a president should never be allow leave the country in this maner. If the ships goes down, the captain goes down with it. If you cant accept that, you should not be president.
Note there were no battles. Just the Afghan "Army" running away. Glad we are getting out. We can't fight with those who refuse to defend their own country. Total cowards.
You mean Ex-President Ghani.
The Afghan government forces can only surrender. It is impossible to die for such a government.
Empire in decline
Hahahahaha, Say what you will about our enemies of the past. At least their leaders  had the moral courage to fall on their swords when they failed. Maybe if our leaders would follow suit, the next generation will think twice before embarking on such folly.
What a shock. Vietnam, Laos, Iraq 1, Afghanistan… stick with us and we will abandon u.
Why bother going on tv... just run, Ashraf, run!
Deserter!
Wherever the U.S. goes it screws the pooch. In 20 years they couldn’t successfully train an effective defence force backed by a strong but liked administration, (the latter being a very difficult task). The whole thing reeks of corruption and a lack of shear will by the U.S. to actually do what a decade or more of lip service failed to achieve.
Alhamdulillah
M A D E   I N   U S A
Just 'reimagine' JB leaving the USA.😳
4hrs later: Taliban takes Kabul
What does that girl Malala have to say%?
Cowards
Remember when Biden said we wouldn't see diplomats in the roof being  evacuated by helicopters?
of course the republicans during biden administration criticize him but trump wanted to do this in may, I just have this feeling trump and mike Pompeo had something to do with handing this over to the Taliban, trump will sell his mother to the Taliban for him self
PXssy  ....
Sadly, it's the women and children who will suffer.....I read that some of the 'soldiers' were leaving their posts to try and defend their families. Why bother doing that if you're not going to bother to defend your country? Might as well kiss them goodbye, now.
‏لا إله إلا الله پر یقین جن کا ہو دنیا کی کوئی بھی طاقت انہیں شکست نہیں دے سکتی ❤✌
Entropy
Billions of dollars in modern army equipment, 300.000 trained soldiers, what a colossal waste of time and money… What can here be learned?
وَ قُلۡ جَآءَ الۡحَقُّ وَ زَہَقَ الۡبَاطِلُ ؕ اِنَّ الۡبَاطِلَ  کَانَ  زَہُوۡقًا ﴿۸۱﴾ And say, "Truth has come, and falsehood has departed. Indeed falsehood is ever bound to depart."
Thanks Biden, another Vietnam.
What do you expect from a Puppet of America.
I have a plan, aeroplan. Good flight  with one way ticket !! 😅
President ran away with his tail between his legs weak government the country is no doubt going to be controlled by the Taliban dark dark days ahead for the poor people of this country
So all those US lives lost for nothing. Taliban Won. FACTS
What! Another Vietnam type debacle all over again. Who knew!   The Americans invaded 20 years ago to take out Al-qaeda and the Talban. (Pakistan was complicit in supporting and protecting the Talban, receiving  billions of USD$. Again the Americans got suckered!. )And after spending  trillions+ dollars (all gone to corrupting politicians), lost of thousands of lives, its  back to deja vu all over again. An important factor is the influence of Islam. Never mentioned! A Misogynistic, medieval and barbaric religion. (PS. Pakistan and indirectly the Americans with  creating and supporting and arming the Mujahideen fighting the Russians.) What can be done with these barbaric Islamic countries is to leave them to their precious religion, built a Trump type wall around the country and with the exception of letting the oppressed women and children escape, block the country off. It's the Islamic religion, stupid!
Here to count the number of the word "coward"🙂
Do don't count that the international community,  is not a fool
Why do Afghan people vote for “Ashraf Ghani” When they know this is wrong president for Afghanistan future?
Absolute embarrassment he is... but then again his troops were cowards and also ran away...!
The ഇന്റര്‍നാഷണല്‍ കമ്മിറ്റി is very strong
Taliban and US 🖕🏿🖕🏿🖕🏿🖕🏿
The Afghanistan people are finally free from the Yankee Imperialist oppressors!!!!
Ashraf ghani was a fashist and always seeked to put pashtuns in higher positions. Now he is running away to Tadjikistan ? Tadjikistan should hand this idiot to Taliban.
Don't it make any difference. Stay , wo
We need to send the Chicago gangs bangers over to Afghanistan they'd clean up the Taliban no problem 4 5 6 at a time just like they do here in Chicago
Ashraf Ghani is in  Uzbekistan🇺🇿
Can we get Biden,  Pelosi and the Squatters to leave too. Oh and Obama who's in the basement.
I was hoping that regime change in Afghanistan would hold so that we could focus on Iran Nex for regime change.but this is a very big embarrasment said to say
AK 47 THE COMMUNIST WEAPON THAT BEATS THE UNITED STATES EVERYWHERE, VIETNAM-AFGANISTAN 🇻🇳✊🏻🇻🇳
Shame on USA, who will ask for disaster for 20 years
Sucks for the everyday Afghan. I’m sure the Taliban is going to kill all those that collaborated with anybody besides them. Or send them to re-education camps.
This is why I think country should have leader who already served in country army atleast he will stay with its people.
wow defeat for US and win by taliban. which hamid Gul isi former chief had predicted in 2014... he said history proves this..
Great Taliban,, power of Islam ,,,and hit, kill and destroyed cowards NATO and USA for the past 20 years.. you attack my home, you can’t escape.. you NATO and USA better Thankx Pakistan who let Taliban agree to sit and talk. Otherwise Taliban want to cut your arms and legs of all NATO and USA troops. Western words always propaganda against Muslim world and Islam, US made Taliban during soviet war, and they still dare to fight them after they defeated soviet.. NATO, USA loooooser
FRICK the United States.
Great Taliban,, power of Islam ,,,and hit, kill and destroyed cowards NATO and USA for the past 20 years.. you attack my home, you can’t escape.. you NATO and USA better Thankx Pakistan who let Taliban agree to sit and talk. Otherwise Taliban want to cut your arms and legs of all NATO and USA troops. Western words always propaganda against Muslim world and Islam, US made Taliban during soviet war, and they still dare to fight them after they defeated soviet.. NATO, USA loooooser
Chicken 🐔
America is a joker  Just chil because i see Afghan taliban govt  Where is NATO hmmm he  is Running very fast lol
Your move, Mr Biden?
...and on the seventh day, while God was resting, Satan created religion...
Where is Dr Abdullah?
Afgan will not have this problem if, US didnt intervence at the first place.
Master left , slave has no choice.
for 20 years America massacred and persecuted the Taliban and their supporters... Now the Taliban is in power...
We came We fought We lost
Why Mexicans people can't do  this take their country back.
Thanks to America and Uk as always destroy country and leave
will its clear deals betweeen opposite power we dont blame afghanistan army
another Trump no balls will fight as long as somebody else is doing it
Ghani desserted his people in their time of need and probably took a chunk of the massive aid given him from US $ . Coward!
Lol
Masha allah taliban great victory ✌ congratulations
Wtf it feels like script writen by America
I wonder how long till this coward's children are racing supercars up-and-down the Sunset Strip?
Ashraf isn’t a true leader! A true Captain goes down with the ship. He’s a corrupt coward that has abandoned the people of Afghanistan.
Is it me or does this seem played out? First the USA abandons bases. One month passes and now this? Hmm were all those abandoned guns and vehicles for the Talibans too? 🤦
To Us its just a face saving but its definitely a second Vietnam. US fleeing like dog is wagging tail under the leg.
What a  great disgrace to usa military biden kneed to the enemy. We all know a real leader would not kiss the rear of a enemy, biden a total disgrace.
They need Trump to make Afghan great again
Anybody seen ghani ???
i like transition of power by President Afghanistan no bloodshed.mashaallah
So the USA gov just gave 2 trillion to the taliban for free?? weapons, vehicles and new roads. The ultimate cuck.
The U.S. military is sleeping peacefully tonight 😂😂
Ghani has set a new world record that will be hard to break in a long time
Moral of the story … Patience and Resiliency pays big time ! 🤷🏾‍♂️
Chuttiya Media 🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬
Where is northern alliance😆😆😆😆
If you have no jet you are done
The leaders flee first
Now China is telling America what to do better get some real leadership fast or learn Chinese
When white man's burden goes terribly wrong.
Taliban out class US and NATO soldiers on the battle field in Afghanistan Taliban fighting technique is more then a match for US and NATO soldiers can handle Taliban will go down in history as the greatest fighting forces on the planet. Give all credits to the Taliban where it due.
I think that Taliban broke world record on take over a "well trained" special force trained by the "best" and with advanced weaponry.. 🤣🤣🤣🤦🤦 Once again Afghanistan result to live up to the history of great powers graveyard
A man with dementia making American policy you can't make this stuff up 😂😂😂😂
The president of Afghanistan had a hard time putting so many duffel bags of money on the plane before fleeing Afghanistan
What you can do with a Toyota pickup and an AK47. Towels off to them!
Why did the the Joe Biden see this coming Joe Biden cn see from one week to another
who cares if the taliban takes over the airport? They can just land on this guy's forehead
Feeble President Puppet.....´Oh, this would never happen!¨   Biden July/2021
What a coward!
Good job Biden
20 year and 6.6 trillion dollard later the USA elites democracy project  Comes to a end. Regular american will have to pay the debt.
Are you sure? I recall yesterday he was on TV, all brave and calm, and pledged he would fight on, saying his top priority was to organize his strong army.
What a coward leaving his people hanging dry
Why didn't the U.S. leave Blackwater in charge and they could have paid themselves with the spoils
There is nothing peaceful about a takeover. Our attackers in the U.S. wear congessional pins.
Twenty Years is long enough to help any country. It's time they learn to fight. Their just cowards. Biden made the right decision. These people do nothing but fight. Enough is enough
Ran away like a little girl 👧
Imperial paradox: the people willing to work with occupiers are cowards, corrupt, and weak, while the people willing to fight the occupiers aren’t cowards, don’t have the power to be corrupt, and the more they fight the less weak they are. The people stuck in between need to get out of the way and get refuge elsewhere.
Afghanistan Army should start building a tunnels, rat holes connecting every buildings and houses , more trenches and vantage points.
Look at all the countries the US interferes in. They all in the worst situations. The US gets in forcefully, destabilize them more and abandon them after making sure that they destabilized, fragile and the weakest enough.   The next target seems one of oldest civilization, the only county in Africa that was not colonized by the colonizers, Ethiopia. The people of Ethiopia 🇪🇹, you don't  need anymore reason why you should be united, despite your differences, to protect and defend Ethiopia's sovereignty.  Ego-driven sessionist ideology will make you more vulnerable to scavengers. Noone will have long lasting benefit from destabilized/desentegrated Ethiopia except the predators.
When the situation become thought, only the though keep going
Biden said Kabul falling was impossible just a month ago.
Its like when the ANC took over South Africa
I think he made the best decision
Let us see if th Taliban will run the country properly and not harbored terrorist again ...I am sure they will make sure they won’t this time
take the money and run usa paid him billions
Lol this is wot write in Islamic scripture that a group will march for Afghanistan to the west and no one will be able to stop them o.o wow 😳 its happening
Americans continuous to humiliate themselves by making bad critical decisions
President sounds like ted cruz when he left texas in the climax of the winter power outages across the state.
The world leaders are really ready to acknowledge the Taliban as a legitimate government?  In what clowns world are we living??? They are just totalitarian thugs.
He was Taleb....shame on him
Look like taliban mujahideen modern ottoman empire 😂🇸🇦
The United States of America has lost the war on terrorism.
Leave Asia alone USA. No one in Asia want your warships causing trouble in our area. Just mind your business and look after your citizens. I think your citizens need you to govern not go round the world talking nonsense and trying to force your ideals and morals down our throats.
How will the Taliban run all of Afghanistan again?  Not gonna run Kabul the Capital obviously.
“U.S. accusations directed at others are always a projection of its own failures and wrong doing.”
Afghans were promised the U.S. would not abandon their dreams of democracy. But after 20 years and the loss of thousands of lives, the U.S. lost interest. Afghanistan and terrorism, and those resources likely offer part of the reason why the U.S. spent thousands of lives, trillions of dollars, and more than 7,300 long days trying to make that country safe for plunder. Another Vietnam.
Locate the Embassy at the multi-million dollar gas station that US built.
As soon as the shtf the Elite abandon the people to their fate
Afghan Leader fled excepting army to fight n die.
Amirica is come to a situation to request to taliban, bnot to order😂😂😂😂😂
Time to behead infidels
"Taliban always said , "you might have the watches but we have the time" patience and patience
I like Presidents that don't flee and abandon the people....lol 🤣🤣
This serious and legion for international community
All the people who are calling him a coward, what could he possibly do to "fight" the Taliban.I am sure if he hadn't left he would be dead by now
that boy said peace out
USA was just cleaning cash through the war
Coward.
Correction:Afghanistan Ex puppet president has left.
All of that money that we spent for 20 years to help these people and what was the Endgame nothing nothing at all we wasted somewhere around 24 Billion dollars on this Muslim country a country that doesn't even like the united states' just like Somalia that country doesn't like the united states' either but our government keeps on bringing these people over here while our American veterans suffer with PHD and Homelessness our government should be Ashamed of themselves they get on TV and other high profiled Networks and say things like yeah we are going to raise the refugee ceiling to 200.000 this year and we are going to make sure that every refugee that we bring into the country is well provided for we are going to give them homes cars they do not need to take any Drivers Exams in any states they are Eligible for Drivers license the second they set foot on American soil and yes we will provide everyone of them with a Brand spanking new Car or SUV the choice is theirs to make but our American veterans can fend for themselves they are tough men and women they have been in numerous battles we don't need to worry about them they will be ok but these refugees oare are our main importance they are the needy ones not our veterans they can seek mental help but all of these refugees need new homes and cars we can't abandoned them can we the refugees are way more important than a couple of hundred Thousand veterans no one needs to help them but these poor poor refugees they need us
Now that we got them all in one place drop them bombs 🇺🇸 style💪🏼💪🏼
Before the rising of the sun, President Ashraf is on the run, At him Taliban might point a gun,  And that will surely not be fun.
Nice President and army, run away like a bunch of chickens.
Wasn’t he an American and us made him president?
Chinese sponsored.
Vietnam 2.0  The USA military after this failure continues to be awarded billions of dollars. I predict the next failure is going to be the disastrous drug war.
Sounds like some one needs a guard dog 🐩😂🤣😂🤣
Does it mean he won’t run for re-election? 😊
They are old times sharia law not get along with any country
So the conclusion Us army left after 20 years for nothing. Basically trillion dollars waste.
He should now focus on getting Afghans out of Afghanistan. Those who want to leave. It's his responsibility as a president.
Bad seeing people looking for peace ...
Did I hear the Secretary of State say we accomplished our mission in response to 9/11???? In what way? The US just made the Taliban the most powerful terrorist group in the world! Acquiring military/air bases.. untold numbers of arms, artillery, advanced weaponry, drones, equipment and military vehicles and now the Taliban has an air force. And who do you think will train the Taliban on how to fly the jets and helicopters? Ex-Afghan forces who trained under US forces. Our own leaders can even admit to defeat, what an embarrassment the 🇺🇸 US is to the rest of the world. What betrayal on all sides, especially the Afghanis.
This would NEVER happen in the USA. We the people have too many guns. I have 9 myself. 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
Welcome Taliban Welcome the Islamic Emirates. The Crookes and Corrupt criminals are run away inshallah. 👍🏻🙏
President Ashraf Ghani *will continue to fight bravely from Tajikistan*   _(For access to his Swiss bank accounts)._
This reminds me about that moment in oversimplified -  "I would never abandon my hard working and brave soldiers - ohh look over there" *leaves*
Modi govt and  Indian  media is crying  because  they have much invest their    So sad 😞 all their  investments  lost in river  of kabul   modi  was thinking  that  he will creat  terrorist  and use them against  Pakistan
20 YEARS OF WASTE OF MONEY and HUMAN LIVES
Breaking news: Usain Bolts world record has been beaten.
Taliban-Supported by Pakistan, China and Russia Afghanistan gov- Supported by USA, NATO and India New world order
"Something something something, darkside. Something, something, something, complete."  Oof, Saudi Arabia must be quite pleased with itself.
So all Us and theUN NATO EFFORTS FOR 20 years is gone To waste
They gonna start their brutality after a few months, so no one is gonna accept the talibans. World leaders should help Afghans
That escalated quickly
An American withdraw, this is the 2nd time they ran away and left with their tail between their legs, Vietnam and now. here for fs just stay in your own country you're an embarrassment to the outside world.
The reporter is doing a great job. He may even get head hunted.
Congratulations talbaan
Trillions of dollars, all taxpayers', 20 years of U.S policing Afghanistan, losing brave souls in the process, and all for what?  For Americans to call it a day, and Afghanistan to fall, tragically, to a ghastly 7th Century ignorance and barbarism.
Hahaha in my opinion and my point of view I don’t believe that he truly can leave his country  and  his people except if the USA military  kidnapped him! This is another propaganda of USA military and the media…!!! This is look similar happened in the Philippines 🇵🇭 during the 1986  Cou’detta!!!!
Peaceful transition...lol
Ashraf Ghani Leaves for Tajikistan! Ashraf Ghani from Tajikistan: I take responsibility for the protection of afghan civilians... WHAT?
The PROMISES that TALIBANS are giving to the Locals are Temporary joke !!!!!
How could you not have a mediator?. 🤷🏻‍♂️  It’s impossible and self awareness should be critical. Too bad trust is all times lows for obvious reasons
Afghanistan has not seen peace in 2500 years - why now?
Did US leave Afghanistan knowing this would happen? or did they enter in to any kind of arrangement with Taliban? If this has happened in the presence of US soldiers it would have been a bigger embarrassment for them in front of the world countries. I don't belittle US / Israel intelligence and i think they would have already known this so have left the Afghans to face their fate.
Taliban: 100k stronk expects resistence armed conflict, driving to the Afgan cities from the peripheries, motivated.   Afgan military army: 300k stronk, 20 years US military training have war planes, tanks, guns, flees to Iran days before Taliban arrives to the cities driving on top of US tanks  Taliban:✨ surprised pikachu face✨
USA: Best 100 trillion dollars I ever spent.
Who are Taliban sponsors?
FK Ashraf Ghani
I have an easy answer. Just nuke the whole place.
The President is a coward.But i guess,he knows what is coming.  Overall,It's the woman,and female children i feel sorry for.Woman's rights,will go.
Go fix China, then go Afghanistan
soon all the factions will be fighting amongst themselves for power struggle.. its a a matter of days
Full force.. which force ... ???
all the clowns in the comments trashing America, where were you the 4 years before this bumbling corpse got selected? Crickets..
OPEN THE UNJUST PRISONS DOORS I LOVE IT GO TALIBAN 😍😍😍
HaHaahahahahahahh
There are no guarantees that women's rights will not be respected. They are Taliban.
I am considering two promises. One is the promise of God, the other is that of Bush. The promise of God is that my land is vast. If you start a journey on God's path, you can reside anywhere on this earth and will be protected... The promise of Bush is that there is no place on earth where you can hide that I cannot find you. We will see which one of these two promises is fulfilled -Mullah Omer
Another  big defeat for the American Deep State. The dying empire is not even able to fight its own woke talibans at home.
“it will be stated that the I.S.I. defeated the Soviet Union in Afghanistan with the help of America.” “The I.S.I., with the help of America, defeated America.” said Gen. Hamid Gul Ex DG ISI
Yes, the US has completed the  mission in Afghanistan that millions of ordinary people were killed and injured
These ministers are like:  Don't worry Don't cry... Stay High 🚬and fly...
Antony Blinken doesn’t even believe the BS spewing from his lips. Top down weakness.
1 day Bangladeshi fake president sheikh Hassan, leave Bangladesh,
Taliban *plays opfor victory music*  🤦‍♂️😅
From the caves to the Presidential palace, the Americans sure love a heroic storyline🤣🤣🤣
And with how many millions of US dollars did he flee with?
the billions have been laundered into european banks. nothing to see here, folks, except narrative lip-service. enjoy your daily-dose of MSM kool-aid.
The Afghan military forces gave up very quickly. It seems that they had zero fighting spirit. They did not even try, the Afghan military forces are and were a joke. Good luck, it will probably be a lot of fun to live in a country ruled by the Taliban
"Who is in the government of Kaabul itself?"  Someone better than the US and it's puppet State.
Finally, 29 years of neo-liberal "Nation Building" comes to a close. What did all those stupid liberal think tanks get out of all the failed foreign policy decisions they created? Nothing but death and misery. From Somalia in 1992 to the Fall of Kabul 2021.
Money well spent
Good job Biden administration. What a bunch of morons it makes me sick.
My advice to all countries pl make peoples like Taliban in there own countries
BS US propaganda it was all planned staged and behind closed doors Afghan President was pressured to resign and  leave the country who put him as the president at first USA now they wanted to fire him because game plan has been changed! no air-jets were given no supplies left for the Afghan military to use. US with the help of Pakistan and Saudi loves to to overturn any country that might be to their self interest against Russia China or Iran this is a political game played by USA pakistan Saudi Russia Iran China and  turkey for taking regional power in the Asia and middles east and Afghanistan is their playground where each country is helping one ethnic group that has roots or ancestries with that country! Read history books and watch documentaries about this region and why these 7 countries are fighting to gain power there! BS US propaganda it was all planned staged and behind closed doors pressures the Afghan President to resign and  leave the country don’t fight no air-jets were given no supplies left for them to use. US with the help of Pakistan and Saudi willing to to overturn any country that might be to their self interest against Russia China or Iran this is a political game played by USA pakistan Saudi Russia Iran China and  turkey for taking regional power in the Asia and middles east and Afghanistan is their playground where each country is helping one ethnic group that has roots or ancestries with that country! Read history books and watch documentaries about this region and why these 7 countries are fighting to gain power there!
Never forget! The Taliban is defending their ideology that’s influenced by Quran. For that reason almost every government soldiers embrace it. So, the government soldiers will join the Taliban with joy! Western leaders do not understand that! This people live by that book! Now, watch what Taliban leadership is going to do to all those people who welcomed the change. Hod have mercy on them all!
America put Taliban in POWER soon they will have a place in United nations..😂😂😂😂😂
President of Afganistan is coward and idiot who did not know stand up  against those freaks. No one fighting for freedom so no one should be  surprise Afganistan is gone. Weak leader means defeat.
Congratulations 👏Taliban is true 👍
Afghanistan president is puppet of America that's why run away
Follow us on Twitter on @newsgroupmedia
Taliban have clearly fooled the naive leaders in Doha
Massive embarassment for the US ,massive 😔😔😔😔😔, this has emboldened its enemies until kingdom come
♥♥♥
OOOOOOOOps where is BUSH now
Hurry up and take the Capital,, they can't wait to start stoning their sisters, and beheading their brothers...  Let The Good Times Roll ...
Taliban is nothing like others simple peoples why international media showing negative news
Why not talking about minority rights in Afghanistan and Pakistan ?? Biased channel with only propaganda news
He packed up headed back to Washington .  His job there at State Dept.
Ran away like a coward with his scumbags general's stole billions 18 year's and west done absolutely nothing.
Last helicopter out of Saigon. Last plane out of Kabul. Regards American Empire.
Coward!! If he ever returns a firing squad should take care of him!!
theres nothing over there we want..so we should have gotten out of there years ago...let them fight their own civil war...come mess with the U.S. and get bombed for a week...
Not ashraf ghani only, vice president and Afghan chief of Army also ran away early in the Morning today. Former president runs away to Tajikistan while army chief runs away or rushed into Uzbekistan.
Blikenie reminds me of Hillary's Benghazi story about the embassy fubar.
Send the Expendables team to kill taliwan leaders
It's the Fall of Saigon II.  Why were the Taliban so much better fighters despite the Government getting international community?
We lost 1 $Trillion dollars and 2500 U.S. soldiers so 1 in 5 Afgan women can read and write? Feed these feminists to Taliban.
What a wonderfull performance the West has delivered in Afghanistan, and it only took 20 years, almost as good as their wonderfull performance in Vietnam. An absolute debacle. The image of the So called Democratic West is in freefall, quite unbelievable, and they expect respect from Russia and China ?
Why keep the usa embassy? Does america recognize the taliban government?? What!
BRAVO MUJAHIDIN ALLAHU AKBAR.
I hope there's great footage of Taliban convoys of US Humvees rolling into Kabul lol 😂
She said the US was given "Bad Intelligence" lmmfoa. Like that has NEVER happened.
Talibans flying carpet was the determining  factor of defeating Afghanistan air force.
Al jazeera is describing this taliban as a clean😡😡
Oh my god please save Afghanistan..
If you are an Afghan soldier don't be stupid and drop your weapons and hide among civilians, you are going to die fighting the Taliban and your leaders have already fled the country like cowards, are you going to die for them now?  LOL
The Afghan military forces gave up very quickly. It seems that they had zero fighting spirit. Then, unfortunately, the Afghan people must live with the Taliban ruling their country.
Joe Biden- failing on every foreign policy decision since '74
Taliban The Vikings...
Taliban is the most worrest terrorist in all over country..
The Afghan Quisling....probably has an enormous bank account in NY.......
Let's hand it to Ghani Inc: they held out right down to the last Yank and Brit.
Biden would say it’s only peaceful protests LOL
Civil War are eminent and a new terrorist hub.
Waste Jo baiden Us president..  If Trump now US president no comments and no worries..  Taliban's never coming to take the Afganisthan..  Match fixing Biden haha 😂
Saigon#2
Alhamdulillah
Lol he’s telling ppl to fight the Taliban and running from the fight himself 😂🤣 taliban are the true government of Afghan
Embarrassing defeat!
That's actually much faster than what I expected. I thought they could hold for another month or so....
Go ghani go America😁😁😂😂
Well done to both parties for not allowing more bloodshed
মুসলিম পরিচয় নিয়ে থাকা মুনাফিকরা তালেবান এর ক্ষমতায়নে উদ্বিগ্ন । কারন মুনাফিকরা আল্লাহর শাসন ব্যবস্থা চায় না। এদের ভাষায় গত বিশ বছর মুসলিমরা ছিলো সন্ত্রাসী আর আমেরিকা ইসরাইল ছিলো সৎ পথে এবং আমেরিকা ইসরাইল মুনাফিকদের অন্তরের বন্ধু। এরা এখনো তাই আছে এরা ইসলাম এর দল গুলোর বিপক্ষে প্রচার করে আর আমেরিকা ইসরাইলের ভাষায় কথা বলে। তালেবানদের যখন আমেরিকা ইসরাইল সন্ত্রাসী বলেছে এদেশের মুনাফিকরাও তাদের সন্ত্রাসী বলেছে, আবার যখন আমেরিকা তাদের সাথে চুক্তি করছে এবং যোদ্ধা বলছে মুনাফিকরাও এখন তাদের যোদ্ধা বলছে। কি মুনাফিকের দল নির্লজ্জ কাফেরদের পা চাটার দল ? মুনাফিকদের পরিনতী ভয়াবহ দুনিয়াতেও আর আখেরাতেও। আল্লাহ্‌ এই সকল মুনাফিকদের দুনিয়া ও আখিরাতে সাস্তি দান করুন। আমীন
Another waste of time and lives !!!!!!All for what ?????
Is Saudi Arabia behind the Taliban take over of Afghanistan.Just to deceive the world they are trying to show a moderate face and propagating that they are not supporting terrorism.They are cheating the world..US also is hand in glove with Saudis in this nasty game.
Another Saigon of 46 years ago. American officials leaving in chaos, coward government desert their people and taking over Afghan by force.
Pig Eater Taliban's
Congrats for Taliban, now build your own land for peace.
He should stay at Uncle Joe's house
I bet he took his pockets full!
This bald headed evil man sold Afghanistan to the taliban! Did not care about young children’s and soldiers.
"our responsibility," he says...as he packs his bags and runs like a coward.
I CANN'T BELIEVED WHAT THE USA🙈🇺🇸HAVE BECOME🐔🐔🐔🐔AFTER BEEN PROCLAIMED THE 🛡️⚔️OF THE WORLD🌎FOR SO LONG. Sleepy JOE won't send  ilegales back to their shitholes because of humanitarian reason, yet he 🙈turn a blind eye👁️to woman 🧕and children👶👩‍🚀 in a dangerous situation with the TALIBAN  takeover🥴
Al Jazeera a International Jehaadis Channel. Yeh hain ☪️ Islam ki asli chehra. Quaran is a book of chor and lootero. This is bound to be happens. India 🇮🇳 should be declared as Islam free country and declared as Hindu Rashtra 🕉. Jai Hindu Rashtra 🕉.Jai Akhand Bharat.
Saddest case for anyone to see in our lifetime. Vietnam is just getting right after all these years. In this case, the captain has just jumped ship. "The rest of you swell guys, look after the country while I am gone. I shall return, even stronger. We will skin them later."
20 years of military might and billions of dollars of taxpayer's money 💰 just to get a nightmare . How smart are Western powers???  Moral of the story? - Don't stir a hornet's nest.😂
😂🤣😂🤣 False cannot stay for long & truth cannot be hide,  run all cowards.
This is so much bigger than the silly 'virus'. Truly amazing. And a giant defeat of the West and our so called 'democracy'.
I just keep imagining the president running away like Shaggy and Scooby.
20 years of war alot of dead soldiers and for what back to square 1
this is some sad sh*t u.s. adandoning the ANA they have no choice to surrender the ANA just defected to the taliban  this is enbrassment to the U.S. military who invested time and money it sad how miltia switch sides I told other Army bubbies I served in the U.S. Army if U.S leave they will take over some of the taliban just sit and waited for them to leave
But, But biden really mad the taliban isnt wearing masks and getting jabbed
3:57 so many of them boys are gonna die
A lot of people in Afghanistan are going to be leaving trying to get into Tajikistan and Uzbekistan
more  comments and reaction news you till  the human to soĺve the problem plastic bottle mixed USALIC POWDER or water source  all regions million people sleep
Here's a clue to what's going to happen next and no leader other than me is safe the only face they make now is fear of the people the only look they have other than you can't protect yourself form 1 of 9 around you now.
No..Taliban has a political office in Qatar. Taliban people there are representatives and spokespersons..not decision makers. In the past 20-30 years, Taliban has learnt a lot and are a lot smarter and worldly wise and not naive as before. Exposing their main leadership so openly in Qatar would be stupid..Qatar is a strong US ally and hence enemy territory.  The main Taliban  think tank and core leadership is in Pakistan. However, unlike last time where the Taliban was openly aligned with Pakistan's ISI..they realize how weak and Vulnerable Pakistan and ISI is and this time they are negotiating with Russia and China and will use this association to prevent any future attacks by the US or NATO.. Like in Syria, where Russia's presence has kept the US away.. If you notice Russia said today it sees no reason to evacuate it's embassy or officials like NATO.. Yes, Taliban made an agreement with the US..where US just wanted to get out and though they did not agree to it, everyone knew that the US withdrawl would get Taliban back to power..it went without saying.. Taliban was firmly in power and brought peace and justice to the country and the west used brutal military power to oust them and ran a media campaign to malign them. The Taliban did not openly fight NATO but melted into the populace.. with NATO out, they just went back to their earlier position..as they are not opposed by the people and were welcomed back..Most of the Afghan armed forces ..trained by US would join the Taliban..Most Afghans who had allied with the US have been abandoned by the US..making them feel betrayed.  All voices of concerns are all from US aligned, manipulated parties.. Taliban is taking over the country without a fight, without any killing and if you look at how the Indian media is reporting this...they say Taliban is making a violent takeover and is an absolute genocide..when nothing if that kind is happening..   All mostly speculation..so let's wait and see.. This change of power in Afghanistan could be a turning point ..If Allah wills.
They will be punish by GOD
What they expect? The Taliban been fighting the best military in the world. They are highly trained. The Afghanistan military stood no chance.
Thanks to Pakistan and Iran for helping them to destroy my poor country
They can’t hold last time they will not again by the Wil of great God
20 years of trying to prop up a country and a people into an actual working democracy. What a waste of time. It useless to think that anyone can fix Afghanistan.
So sad no dream for young generation at hand of these stupid taliban
He's running away
The US should have killed every last fighter of the Taliban for the atrocities they have committed against innocent people.  Instead they are handing over an entire nation of 40 million people to a bunch of terrorists and murderers.  This is treason and hypocrisy at it‘s worst.  Who can trust America any more?  Nobody!
I am sorry for the Afghan people not because of their current situation. They should take their responsibility and fight for their freedom. No protest no fighting has been shown. At least give a try. So sad..
Disgusting
US should compensate the loss to Afghanistan for the 20 years of invasion, war crimes committed by US and Australia soldiers should be investigated by UN.
Another failure to America to be added to their black history , Japan, Iraq, Syria, Vietnam, Enough freeing other countries... How many soul they killed  last 200 years?
Fkn cowards
Lmao 🤣   Exactly what Biden Obama AOC and Kamala Harris would do exactly why I do not respect any government leaders cuz they talk so tuff talk when it gets real they run like cowards.
Usa needs a full scale attack on Afghanistan thats just the freedom way and why we live a good life here on America. I feel like USA is under attack by inside of are government because Abraham Lincoln would've gathered the states and went to war!
Happy Independence day Afghanistan. 🇦🇫
Congrats to All Afghan Taliban you conquer whole Afghanistan in few weeks
I mean why wouldn’t he leave they were going to brutally kill him
ABONDONING THE COUNTRY and trying to give orders to security forces who have to stay and face what you're scared of ...LMAO
You can rest assured that you will have no impact on Afghanistan from this point going forward, I am sorry to say. 2021 and we are still living in the stone age, unbelievable.
20 years of foreign occupation to get this result , total fail
Sagag
The president left?? What a coward!!
I don't have a problem with this. If Afghans don't want to fight for their country, why should we?  If they are not ready today, when are they going to be ready?
Ghani: Don’t be mad at the Americans Citizens: Why not Ghani: because, American Airlines is who I used to get the f@ck out of dodge..
Pimps
The religion of peace
Moral Never be an ally of america unless you hold some serious leverage against them.
Why not destroy the infrastructure on the way out!  There will be no negotiations!
US did this
What a horrible president. You are suppose to fight back and even die for  Afghanistan and not let people try and abuse it and it’s people..
In the end, this is what most ‘leaders’ would do. Better avoid creating chaos before you’ve left the country. I would like to see a prospering Afghanistan. Less wars more peacetalks!
Yahooo India di ma P nu L maran, bartania di M nu L, Pakistan zindabad
Congratulations to all Muslim brothers and sisters...
Ghazni flee kabul
What was  the reason  behind for Americans soldiers  to leave Afghanistan,  is not that they see this coming and back off.
Ghani is going straight to Brooklyn New York..
This story same my story in southeast Asia 1960 to1975 Vietnam , Laos and Cambodia.
The talban will fall apart, civil war next. Isel will kill every one that doesn’t follow their beliefs!!
Americans lead the horse to the water we couldn’t make it drank it, the moment we left the horse drowned it’s self in the water…Sad day for the horse
Meanwhile Biden is on vacation
Terrorism wins, democracy and humanity looses
''Peaceful transfer of power  '''
Ashraf Ghani..pull out game strong 💪 💪
Afghanistan President leaving? That is what Taiwan President Tsai would do should a war start.
It is unbelievable that neither the United States nor any other country understands that it is not possible to tame Afghanistan.   For a thousand years, conquerors have tried, but always the same result you had to go home with your tail between your legs.   The United States had a thousand years of facts that it is not possible to win in Afghanistan?   But what does the USA do they invade and now they had to learn the same lesson as everyone else completely unbelievably 😳😳😳😳😳😳😳😳😳
New team? Fresh slate? Hilarious!
USA sold Afghan to Taliban
Now,Target is Independent Kashmir 🇧🇩❤️🇦🇫  Taliban ❤️❤️❤️❤️😍🇧🇩
All my bags are packed, I'm ready to go, I'm standin' here outside your door I hate to wake you up to say goodbye, but the dawn is breakin'  and the Taliban are outside the door....
This is horrifying. If this is happening in Kabul imagine what millions of Afghans are going through in other parts of the country. Biden screwed this up and for him to blame the Trump administration is disingenuous and a flat out denial of responsibility and leadership. Supposed "intelligence" said that it would take 6 - 12 months for Kabul to fall. It's taken 9 days. Yes, we must evacuate Americans in Kabul but we owe our protection to the Afghan interpreters, translators, soldiers, and their families who have supported the U.S. over the last 20 years. There is no way for these people who live outside of Kabul to get to Kabul. They can not run the gauntlet of check points without getting killed. Just imagine being promised protection by the U.S. and then being abandoned. It's not if the Taliban will kill you, it's when. It's disgusting and inhumane what we are doing. We should've provided refuge to anyone who's helped the U.S. over the last 20 years. We could have flown these people to Guam, where leadership was willing and waiting to help. Now, if we are lucky, we might be able to help some of the Afghan people who are in Kabul. That leaves 10's of millions of people without help. I am a liberal. I am anti-Trump but this is a humanitarian disaster and Joe Biden is responsible for it.
the billions have been laundered into european banks. nothing to see here folks except 'lip service.'
Where is American army hero,  Those kinds of so called hero  we just can only see in the Hollywood movies
It looks like the Taliban was there the whole time.. aka afghan citizens. Lol this is there destiny.
BBC reports that the UK ambassador is at the airport of Kabul, working around the clock to get British nationals, Afghan interpreters and staff out of the country.  Let's hope that the diplomats in Kabul can use all their ingenuity and influence to help many more Afghans, who risked their lives to shape a more friendly and open vision for Afghanistan, allowing them to leave for a safe haven and continue their work from abroad, to give meaning to the immense human investment and sacrifice, to become an invaluable part of the diversity, history and future of their country.   The Gods bless them!
Well USA had no more interests in Afghanistan after 20 years they made deal with terrorist group Taliban we need another war and spend another 20 billion dollars
Note:  Afghanistan has vast mineral deposits, including coal, copper and iron ore, talc, lithium and uranium, as well as gold, precious stones, oil and gas. COPPER ! ByeBye Bidens Electric Cars
We really should ask ourselves if *"The Taliban"* have been portrayed accurately in the past.  We know how Israel portrays the Palestinians as terrorists. We know about the lies and propaganda and scaremongering done with the war on drugs. In India two generations of doctors have never seen the benefits of morphine in pain management because of the stigmatisation of *opiates* as a result of drug war propaganda.  Are we _certain_ the Taliban are really the monsters we've been told they are?
So sad.
China will now fill the void in afghanistan
USA  went there for oil they didn't fail USA  next mission is to fight from inside from Liberia
Now,Target is Kashmir ❤️🇧🇩🇦🇫
The US “embassy” is now located INSIDE a fully armed helicopter “on location at the airport”. 🥴🙄😜
I hope TTP will do the same thing in Pakistan................dear Pakistanis be prepared for Durand line , TTP and pashtun tahafus movement
This is such an embarrassment for the US. Another failed war. This is worse than Vietnam because at least in Vietnam the US troops actually fought until the end. Now US troops running away with their tails between their legs. 20 years ago US took Afghanistan away from the terrorists/Talibans and now US gave Afghanistan back to the same terrorists/Talibans.
He can get a job in a punch & judy show.
A perfect example of fight or flight.
Its citizens allowed this. Period. Their war. We dont need to go back. If they want this kind of life.. we cant change that lol
The nobody President got his and I'm on my way to get mine but I knew I was going to get mine and told everyone he was going to lose everything little by little and I'm going to gain more and more but I have to give to nobodies to take and I don't see anything special and the presidency, now I'm after that money.
Allah HuAkbar.
Taliban fighters are the people of my choice, Allah make easy for you for the benefit of Islam umma.
The rapist Come to Europe
Don't forget to leave a note to the Taliban "you need the vaxx" You know, 100% vaccinates to avoid the spread the virus
Nice to see news on this that isn't purely western propaganda. All they go on about is how the Taliban are raping and burning literally every woman and girl they see.
Don't speak for the people of Afghanistani. Its a completely different system there. And we have to respect them.
That president is a coward, he should be with his people through thick and thin. May God be with these people 🙏
I think Taliban will run the country better than present government.
coward
18 months? That is indeed bad intel
Coward president just like his nation
Russian failed American failed who is the super power now
In my opinion these guys know better not to attack Kabul while there are still US personnel diplomats, and other foreign workers in the city. As soon as they find out all have been evacuated it’s game on. It’s honestly sad because of all who lost their lives and insulting to the families of those people. I really hope better for this country and that it doesn’t become a terrorist heaven again. I really optimistic for what the future holds from these events.
What a POS. First to leave the sinking ship.
😂 Good riddance.
The American people are sick and tired of these incursions. Next up, get rid of the Federal Reserve and allow the stock market to fall to fair value for our masked economic depression.
It took 20 years but the warlords have got themselves some nice new roads.
Religion does what religion is best at. War, death, torture, pain, submission and more.... Religion <3
What's the difference between what happened Jan 6th at the Capitol and what's happening in Kabul? Let me know
Any updates on the translators and if they have been forgiven? We dont hear taliban doing any harm to them of late - so are they "forgiven"?
Forget all meatings Taliban capable for good governance & foregn deplomacy. Just let them start.
Hello Mr Bush and joker chenny where is the talk of 9/11? It seems it completely disappeared from any picture or talk.  Well after all you know you are once did that show or play . You also failed to create ISIL in Afghanistan. Now the old boys are back and no talk of them being terrorist.
Taliban or no Taliban I guess It all bullshit Afghanistan well always be Afghanistan the land of graveyard .
US LOST!
They see it coming no matter when Americans would decide to leave, enough is enough, people has to make right decisions for themselves
Abandon Ship
I hope the Taliban are serious about peace. Because if they are not... It's difficult to argue with their want for revenge against certain western powers.
Chopping hands and stoning to death, Great place to live
Congratulations Ashraf ghani! You just wrote your history in top 10 Coward leaders of 21st century! The world will remember your betrayal
Taliban: We have control over a majority of Afghanistan. Ashraf Ghani: Time to abandon ship
Wouldn't want the leader to be in harm's way now, would we? I wonder how much of our tax money he's taking with him?
Bin Laden would be proud if his Taliban boys today 🤣🤣
another pyjamas army the US lost to...a second Vietnam
Just angry and sad that my son died for this!😭
Reporting from Kabul: Yes we have no idea what is going on, we dont know the Talibans plans, so we will just make things up. Back to you Bob
When Blinken says that the objective of the 20 year US mission in Afghanistan was met with success, as it prevented another 911, he conveniently forgets that the predominant action of 911 was not taken by Afghanistanis but from Saudis. What is he "thinking" !!
All is lost! Thanks China Joe! That’s the second humanitarian disaster you caused in six months!
Does anyone know if it’s true that the soldiers of Afghanistan haven’t been paid in months?
20 years, thousands of lives ruined, or lost, trillions of dollars spent and for what exactly ? Perhaps the US should stop trying to do "nation building"and tend to our own people .
Incompetent and corrupt
Taliban had twenty years to wait. They knew the US would leave.
Please tell me we’re not still sending 5000 troops over there… I mean how does that end well??
Cristian jackal ran away from afghanistan..wel done by  talibs...usa is a jackal..
React  For President Ashraf Ghani  🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
President ghani has left the chat
Israel will be worried ? Afghanistan has been a 20yr 'boiling pot' that's kept a massive American military  presence ? The US illegal incursion in Syria will be next to go ? They have no goal or purpose or plan there either ?
So our government wasnt trying to eliminate threat from terrorist permanently just for a decade or so if you don't count all the attacks since 911. But yeah job well done you evil lazy greedy dicks in government
He wants to keep his head! He like Biden has no negotiation powers. But they have a plan.
Don't worry folks. America's winning this war..... In Matt Damon's next movie.
You can't democratize a country that obviously doesn't want democracy.
RIP to all Afgan Men, Women, Children being slaughterr right now and for many years because the Taliban took over again ..... I am sure many young children are child brides, being rpe and tortred right now by the taliban ..... I am so sad for this...
Damned lanat ashrf gani and its allies...most worst  self sellers country seller bastrds...
Taliban are militants they have killed many people in Afghanistan and in the world Taliban can't assure democratic system and human rights.
peacing out when his people need him the most. classic politician move. he'd fit in well with our Congress.
Pakistan PM Imran Khan has tripple PHD so he know much more on Taliban than Taliban themselves. 🤣
That's the ultimate failure. Basially the president said, "I'm out from this mess my folks but dont worry I have told some people to take care of you all.. Be safe for now"
I suppose the agreement was "You get the fk out and we will peacefully assume govt"
A traitor ....simple ...
Need to look at who is funding the taliban,
Ashraf Ghani  would make a fantastic Costa Concordia Captain !
Even Steiner can salvage this situation with his buffed counterattack.
Afghan Taliban is a brutal organization and they're terrorist militants they will never change.
This is what happens when a country can't take care of itself. It's own citizens rather bow down or turn against its own country and join the Taliban.
Only way they could  save Afcanistan   Afcanistan army kill 200 American soldiers  And blame it on Talaban
Now I know, why didn't Afghan  Army fight. If the president run away leaving his countrymen then he is a coward. Who will fight for a coward?
With millions of dollars ...ummm f the people and im done AND rich BYE
From now on when we invade countries just make them states immediately. Iraq 51 , Afghanistan 52, Libya 53, Somalia 54. Just like the British Spain France did but they called them Colonies. Otherwise don’t waste lives money and time.
And a plane load of cash.
Shame on Afghanistan's government and also on their on president.
Ran ashraf ganni 😂
BACK TO THE DARK AGES !!!    AND PRESIDENT ASHRAF GHANI  ESCAPES TO PARIS ???????   WHAT THAT TELLS US ALL IN THE WEST !!   YEP!  MORE BEHEADING , CHILD BRIDES  PREGNANT AT 12 YRS.   ALL TO DO WITH POWER! POWER!!   WHERE'S TONY BLAIR  & GEORGE BUSH ????????     NEVER MIND !!   RUSSIA CHINA IRAN  SAUDI   ALL WAITING IN THE WINGS !!!!!!!!!!!!!    TO POUNCE!      FROM U.K.
Haha
Just wait until Afghanistan, Pakistan, Iraq, Iran, and Syria all band together… world war 3 folks.
US is running like never before🤕
He is going to UK as a refugee!
IT'S MY WISH WHEN THE WHOLE WORLD SAYS ONLY ONE WORD - SHANTI SHANTI SHANTI
They keep talking about respecting women’s rights, sure hope they don’t Aladdin the rights.
It should be..... We know already....... Because Ashraf Gani was puppet by NATO.
Twenty year presence and we did absolutely nothing.  We also didn’t learn from almost a 10 year war/conflict between Russia and Afghanistan, you simply can’t change the region.
This wars can never be won by aggression. Or war, and occupation is a patience game as you see here. Even 40 years later you would get the same result! 80yrs same result. And you know why? Because you can never kill an idea! NEVER! Altho look at USA.  A country founded on christian values is falling apart, why? Because people have found a new god! (Greed) Money!!! Everyone values money, in the USA materialism is everything!!! The age of decadence is the last wheel on this golden cart. And its about to fall off! We need to be part of something bigger! I found the channel UNIVERSESSENCE its all about inner peace and discovery, a way of going within and becoming my best self for my good and the good of those surrounding me. I’m not here to sell you on this, but you are welcome to check it out! There is many other ways to find inner peace, like meditation. You chose your path but I hope for the best of all that you chose a fair and compassionate path. Why? Because in such ways we all win. Peace be with you my people
Fortunately Président Ashraf Ghani left safe Afghanistan.
America mekes Afganistan a graveyard.shame on America
Dang, they runnin the President out their country?? They could barely run ‘Trump' OUT THE WHITE HOUSE HEERE INN the USA. WOW.
Look who's teaching us about women rights!! Uncle Sam and his puppets🦍🐶
Look how afraid these foreign journalists are in Kabul.  "Criminals ... uh uh... People serving time" "Taliban fighters"  They're sh***ing their pants!
Total disgrace on Obama , Trump and now on Biden after all the efforts and lives lost , incredible what this goverment has done !
American history lesson the book of Joe in school (HIS STORY ) ONE SIDE FITS ALL OVER
Let Afghanistan go back to 4th century,  let them rub 2 sticks to build a fire, not our problem let them kill each other we tried for more than 20 years no effect.
Thanks Biden, thanks MSM for putting the most qualified individual in power because he doesn't say mean tweets.
Go back Criminal country America!
INSHALLAH
To every politician such as Biden and Eric Swalwell who have said how can a population armed with AR's defend against the US Military and nukes, you just allowed a bunch of savages armed with POS AK's defeat the most powerful nation in the world, again!
Go ahead Taliban!!!
Ashraf Ghani  has done the biggest prank of the year 2021 with the people of Afghanistan and as a prankster i really much appreciated that.
So the guy didn’t have any defenses?
thanks once again uncle sam
I am fascinated that all these people  that celebrate the victory of a group that shoots women in the head publicly for not covering herself head to toe are from the religion of peace
Not surprised at all.
Disband NATO immediately what a disgrace
And the sad thing is he’ll live the rest of his coward life like a king under the protection of the US.
What Americans  army stay in afganisthan  for piknik u american army shamfull
what a coward, leaving his people behind.
Fly over and level Assghanistan into a sheet of glass.
He ran away with his Loot = $$$$
Just the brand new US embassy alone cost 2 billion dollars. Think about that. Just the embassey. Taliban got a free 2 billion $ building paid by us taxpayers. Nothing would have prevented this. It had to end.
The Taliban now have an air force, kind courtesy of America! Also high tech weaponry confiscated from govt. soldiers in presumably brand new, unused condition.😧
SuperPower America with there Nato Forces is Losed to Taliban Emarate Islami of Afghanistan.  So, now who is the superpower? 😉
The Americans, having abandoned the Afghans who believed in them and worked for them, to death at the hands of the Taliban, gave a good lesson to other countries, especially the Ukrainians and Poles: with friends like the Americans, enemies are not needed.
Unbelievable
the billions have been laundered into european banks. nothing to see here folks except lip service.
Time to forget about the place. The British failed,, the Russians failed and now the good old USA. The truth be told, many in Afghanistan welcome the Taliban.
President is one of the biggest disgraces i have ever seen in my life. I hope no country takes him in and deports him back.
Giveve tala ban a chance and let'sits see if they will keep their  promise and they should be  recognise
Saigon… Kabul…
Everyone has a plan until they get shot.
The President of Afghanistan is a Tailban leader
US again, abandoned his allies when being defeated.
People should understand that the Taliban would have not  succeeded in taking back the country that quickly if not for the support of the majority of Afghan people.
الْحَمْدُ لِلَّهِ رَبِّ الْعَالَمِينَ
Afghanistan government is a Joke
This cannot have a good ending...A major catastrohie is sure to follow...
45 nato Allies didn't scare these guys n 5000 troops will accomplish...jack
No protest , no March in Washington Street or in Europe
One thing always bothered me… where Taliban gets money from? Opium trade?
Talk about abandoning ship.
Where are all those palestines and syria protestor gone now?
America's betrayal 😪
Give it 3 months and the factions will be fighting amongst themselves, let alone the released ISIL fighters.
People are like ants one does and another does he's I feel like things are going as I said now that old boy is kick out by his own people I get to laugh for he how was is no more and I'm going to get that money, hot potato.
No Indian Visas for Afghans. Got denied. Indian Afghan brotherhood at its best.
Remember watching Ken Burns - Vietnam, thinking it’s our day Afghanistan… yup. Just Vietnam wasn’t training suicide bombers, terrorist groups.
Peaceful handover !? Whatever ! Until they get tired of waiting any longer then shoot their way in regardless. Bunch of scumbags, they won’t stop at Afghanistan, they dropped the twin towers and attacked the innocent on a mass level, why would we ever deal with these idiots ever again !? 🤬
Very good coverage by the way
The most expensive mistake in US history.
So there you have it folks proof that life is cheap.
Twenty year of training , 2 trillion dollars spent on you, insane military tech left for you and you still get ran ou by a bunch of extremists with trucks  and guns from early cold war era. I think we can safely say that they dont want the wests help and want to live under their religious law. Am I wrong? Thats what happens when you install globalist puppets in the middle east. Happens every time. They would have public executed him if he stayed.
President Ghani to the Afghan people. Good by suckers.!!
Now the whole world can get cocaine at a cheaper price. Systematically taken over.
Joe Biden light, Saigon all over again. New Terrorist training ground.
“They are behaving like politicians, the Taliban is not behaving like warlords”   Wait, they did a run on the banks and people of Afghanistan have no access to their money that was in the bank. How is that not an action of a warlord ?
TALIBANS are the most RADICAL ISLAMIC GROUP worst than HAMAS and HESBOLA. USA' 20 YEARS of sacrificing TRILLIONS of DOLLARS and hundreds of thousands of SOLDIERS 'lives in Afghanistan are flashed down to the toilet in just days 🇦🇫🇦🇫🇦🇫
we need to start a new charity for the afghans ...bags the CEO shall we say $350000 per anum
What a sad day for all Afghans who helped the US during it's time there as well as others who only hoped for a better life and education. With the Taliban now in charge, the country could regress to what it was like under their control 20 years ago. Let's hope they've learned a few things and will be less oppressive to their people going forward. Biden will now go down in history as the one giving the orders to one of the more haphazard withdrawls since Saigon. Too bad we couldn't have surrendered Hunter Biden to appease the Taliban for the sake of the Afghan's. That would have been a win, win deal!;-)
Kashmir should be from BJP RSS devil's danodevas Asuras bhoothan witchcraft wizard's art wicked devil's go go go Amin ameen amein
Republicans makes the stupidest foreign policy decisions: starting stupid wars.
Peaceful Transition Of Power. LOL
All Bangladeshi people's are supporting Taliban fighters... congratulations 👏👏
Absolute traitor. Because the taliban want to make the afghans gain their trust and then begin to attack . Remember they take killing as a way to praise their God. Many kf the taliban fightershave said it is a call from God. But even if the taliban mean what they say and actually change their habits , how can anyone forget what they have done in the past . All the innocent lives they have taken , all the women they have disrespected and sexually abused . There would be more bad than good in any case .
The Taliban says that it will treat the people in the Islamic way. That's true today. Tomorrow, the head-chopping will begin. The President flees, sounds like the Shaw of Iran. "We finally got this country. Who's next? Let's merge with Iran. We can call the new nation Iranistan." The U.S. will say. "At least we tried." Non-Mosilums, "Convert me, convert me!"
The kings in past used to either win or die with their people in war, today's leaders mostly rule for power & money, not their people.
Taliban spokesperson: “We want a peaceful transition”. Translation “Round all the collaborating bastards up and shoot them”.  “We will respect women”.  Translation.  “All women are to leave work, attach themselves to the sink and Burka up- I’m having that fat one”.    We will work with the existing regime”.  Translation “Once the cameras have gone, slit their throats”.   “We want to turn Afghanistan into a modern progressive country” Translation  -“Inhabitants will submit themselves to Sharia, destroy their radios, TV’s, computers and only men will receive an education.   I could cry for these people.
One can be a squatter only for some time; the rightful owner eventually chases away the squatter.
Thani has left probably with millions of dollars , the armed forces have surrendered their country without much of a fight, has it all been worth the blood and treasure of the west.
Taliban assurance in anything is NOT RELIABLE in any form.... Why? When the negotiations are still in progress, they FAILED to assure the UN and others to exercise restrain. Instead they continue to wage war at all fronts till the downfall of Kabul.... LIARS!!!
President Trump could have handled this better.
LOL WHAT A PRESIDENT...LEFT HIS PEOPLE ALONE AND LEFT.
Joe Biden used Mexicans to get in office then turned his back on them now this.joe Biden is the worse thing to ever happen too the USA.from wut it looks like is the taliban won.I BET YALL MISS DONALD TRUMP RIGHT NOW
Hahaha.. what a chicken! How could you leave your country in limbo?! 😡😡😡
It would be wise and beneficial for the Taliban and the Government of Afghanistan 🇦🇫 to fully use the righteous women of Afghanistan 🇦🇫 in equal Government roles like Paul Kagame does in Rywanda.   That's one main reason why Rywanda is so successful and beautiful and peaceful Black African Country to live in..... Real Talk....
BUMBLING BIDENS FAILED PRESIDENCY IS CAUSING  SLAUGHTER IN AFGHANISTAN ...SAY THEIR NAMES JOE  !!!!
What happen to 20 years of training and weapons from the Americans? Billions of Americans $:down the drain.. what A collosal failure...America have lost all credibility.  Now the Taliban and their allies will plan their 911's all over the world..prisoners are being released. Shame on America. You failed.. Trump/Biden have failed.
Trillions of US tax payers money for what?
History: First time Terrorist taking over nation.
These people are corrupted and have no backbone. When they get pushed, they flee like cockroaches.
Respect for the Taliban.  Some great warriors for sure.
"is there any way to escape?" America "yes,run"
Women’s rights won’t be respected. The only school they can attend is religious school.. they can’t go to a normal school .. that should be included in your talk here to share the full story
Looks like Afghanistan is liberated once again .
Alhamdulillah, the people of Afghanistan has welcomed their rightly guided honest faithful government: The Taliban. Our du’as and well wishes go the men who honour the sunnah of Rasouloullah Swalallahou Alaihi Wasallam and respect the value of human life. Their come back has been peaceful, reassuring the population of a better life and their ambition of non corrupted government. The Afghans are tired of those leaders who think only of their pockets and left the country in economic chaos and poor living conditions.  Insha Allah, we have all hope that Afghanistan will pave way for local and international development for deen and dunya. May Allah Ta’ala make the government of righteous triumph in all aspects. Ameen.
If everyone became Taliban today in Afghanistan ,the war will end just believe me
The key question for American people to ask from all three administrations: Bush, Trump(atleast was realistic though) and Biden: Is this what you have sowed in 20 years? The harvest barely lasted in days let alone weeks and months.....
USA is joke as world leader, they should have stay there for civilized society but they leave them for American interest ,shame on USA and it's ally countries, cowards
People fail to understand  Afghanistan  is a country of warlords and their minions time and again modern thoughts tumbled under  basic psyche of this majority. Start thinking of this part of world as a tribal land. Let the newer generations of afghans  decide what they want, live there  or leave. Then there are profiteers of modern world who are the real destabilizing factors for the world . They let these land of warlords to take advantage of the  neoliberal world. Let alone they understand the very tribal nature has the brute  upper  hand at any  end deal.
I feel sorry for the people of Afghanistan..They are betrayed by their own people. May God give them strength to overcome this harsh reality and  protect them. 🙏🥺
Planned game by G7.
what a waste of american lives and billions of dollars.thanks to dems and repubs.
I see 🤔
Keep your eyes on the audits. This is a distraction from the stolen election.
For what?
All that’s left for a full repeat of history is for the Taliban to demand the President to come back and face corruption charges.
What a joke and ego of the last 20 years.
Thank you, Al Jazeera, for the excellent coverage.
World's first peaceful battle winning
its vietnam all over again, PRC aka Chinese government and Russian gov have been giving weapons, resources and comm devices to the Taliban, the U.S. forces are evacuating with central afghan gov persons being also evacuated. 19 years later, as the U.S. gov abandons their allies on the ground. The Canadian government is open to accepting 30,000 plus afghan refugees.
Don't let them fool you this didn't happen  overnight we was to blinded by covid19  to see what was going on in Afghanistan  the United States been done lost this war we was too busy paying attention covid to see what was happening
One nuclear attack ..... Taliban trash cleaned 😂😂
Y'all stop blabbering and let 'em rules for some months. Let's see if crimes decrease or increase
At this rate The Taliban will announce a space program next year.
Maybe they just want their sovereignty and their president sold them to the 🇺🇸
Just day before he said we’re fight with taliban no matter what and today Ghani leave the country 😂😂
😆🤣😂😹😆🤣😂😹😆🤣😂
Both the government security forces and the Taliban fighters are Afghans. Why is it that the Taliban fighters are more determined and effective than government fighters? 20 years of efforts is reversed and brought back to zero in almost a week. Unbelievable. There was clearly no post-withdrawal securty strategy, on the part of both the government and foreign forces. The result is an unforgivable catastrophy. Foreign and local soldiers who were injured or killed, civilian deaths and other casualties, trillions of dollars spent etc., can now only be described as a total waste. The most expensive and unsuccessful political experiment in human history. Bring their masterminds to me; let me treat them to 100 lashes each.🤔🤔🤔
A peaceful transfer of power? The Taliban will respect women's rights? WHAT PLANET ARE YOU ON?????
More money will be spending on war.
Gold medal should be given to Afghan President. He ran so fast. He betrayed Afghan people just like America. Moral of the story - Never trust Politicians.
I’m laughing because what a failure of democracy in Afghanistan
Cowered  What a worthless government and military. And why trust the Taliban, looked what happened.
RUN AWAY 😂...OR ELSE..
Aljazeera is working for the devil...
Ghani promised responsibility yesterday and today he fled the country 😁😁😁
Talibans r world's best n peaceful winning of BATTLE
"women's rights will be respected" say the 7th century savage cultists!  ha!!!
“God has promised us victory, and Bush has promised us defeat. We’ll see which promise is more truthful,” Mullah Omar. 2001
Ghani pulled the Adios meme card 😂😂
Now THAT is an insurrection. Take notes America
He’s a runner 🏃‍♂️ he’s a track star ⭐️
If it wasn't for all the brave men and women military forces in Afghanistan, The Taliban wouldn't be 💩💩 in all reality. They only took over  so fast cause we all left . 😂 they wasn't talking all that 'Bs' when we was there. Politics !
well there go the lives of countless girls. drop a bomb on that part of the world. it is hopeless.  (ha- like anyone cares about girls and the vulnerable enough to do that. LOL!!!)
Yup taking responsibility means hopping on a plane, waiving to the people and saying “I’m outta here” and “have a nice day”. The sad part are the people that worked with the west and are now abandoned. Wouldn’t want to be them.
Talibans made world record of  peaceful  win
Surprise surprise President Ghani  & family the first to comandeer a life boat on the Afgan Titanic after all his his millions are transferred to Swiss banks.
India has lost all the terror investment and I am loving it 😀😀😀
My heart is sinking thinking about the women and kids.
Bahut achcha
No more warlords. Moderation based on Islam. God’s mercy be with you all.
any political 'leaders' that guarantee you rights, can always take them away...like joe biden....
USA looted afghanistan now targeting another country
US and Asraf Ghani are unique to leave at night.
These people has no pride.  People in Iraq had balls and kick out iris now its there turn and they are just running away
"Warlords" refers to a separate specific group of Afghanis. The Finance minister (who fled the country days ago) was a "warlord."  Taliban are not lumped together with "warlords." Keeping who-is-who is pretty complicated.
Respect for ghani who didn't fight ,   It wouldn't end well ,   All I care is lives of Afghani peoples , they are human being , they deserve some peace
“This is not ‘Saigon light”. ?  True. It is exactly like Saigon XXX. The last few representatives of a global superpower fleeing a falling capital in helicopters, abandoning people and treasure in a panicked break for the exits. By helicopter. Because there is no safe road. Sounds just like Saigon to me…..times I  remember well.Any Americans watching this? I’m begging you: don’t let your country do this again. You must know that the Deep State wants more wars and the MSM (who work for them) will be giving you endless reasons why you should have a war with Russia, or Iran…or China(god help us) or Syria. Just say no.
US is losing its credibility as the leader of the free world rapidly.
I like to hope, pray, and believe the taliban will take care of their people and move into a more modern world where women are safe, but because I was alive and saw the towers fall, saw people plunging to their deaths, and morned with our country im skeptical. It's not right but I have trust issues.
How can he leave his people and country. That's major leadership failure.
Sad day for the world....
Only reason u.s.invaded Afghanistan was the c.i.a.wanted to secure the poppy for big pharma pain pills thats it
US should be on triple alert the prisons in the Bagram Airbase of the US which they kept for 20 years were opened and thousands of Alquaeda and ISIS etc figthers were released for sure they hold very big grudge with the US in Afghanistan and are more than willing would be suicide bombers thousands of them roaming now around Kabul! Goodluck US troops! K
What has Biden done...... it's unbelievable how weak the man in the WH is.... President Donald Trump would never have let this happen....... omg!
Long Live Johnny Spann!!!!
Love 4 Taliban 🌷🌷🌷 😘😘😘 From pakistan 💪💪💪
A 20 year occupation undone in months. What a joke the US is. (From an american).
Don’t bother learning to pronounce these guys names. They are “here today, gone tomorrow!!”  😬😬😬
Where's TEAM AMERICA when you need them
The Taliban is the flip side of the coin, as Evangelicals.........hiding behind their horrible cults, (muslim/christian), TO COMMIT ATROCITIES.
Linden, This will not happen, Well it has happened Mr LIEDEN.
Those prisoners are going to point out all the people who helped the Americans and didn't make it out of the country.  So much for being able to hide.
Coward Ghani is faster thn Bolt.🤣🤣🤣🤣
THIS IS ON BIDEN, OBAMA, AND THE CCP!!!
If American want to leave why they left weapon for Taliban to takeover so quickly ???? So fishy 😇😇
Don't even think of trying to confront China. China will make sure Americans cry without tears.
Talibans: We r conquering so fast  Ashraf gani won't be able to escape   Ashraf gani: plane go burrrrrrrrrr
War was destroyed everything the economic the humanitarian!
Fall of Saigon Part 2: Electric Boogaloo
So US spent trillions of dollars in Afghan war just to abandon the whole mission at the end... What a joke country. That money sure could have done so much to the American people...
Wait for the patriotic movie Hollywood gonna bring showing the rescue mission of their embassy. A script which cost trillions 🤪
Ghani: "We will fight them on the streets! We will fight them at the gat..."  Bodyguards: "Sir, the Taliban are at the gates!"  Ghani: "YOU will fight them!" (Private jet, stuffed to the brim with raw cash, takes off)
Pity on u.s.a and india as their trillion dollars investment in afghanistan to vanish out Islamic culture from afghans goes in vain
Heroin Junkies are 2 faced flakes
Breaking Bad......
The Germans had Blitzkrieg in WWII, the Taleban have Blitz.... Before you can say the krieg...its done.
Nuke capitalist and racist and theirs death and destruction safaris
In fact this fight couldn't win without imposing sanction on Pakistan. Already America tried for twenty years but he failed and these twenty years America knows very well that the Taliban are being supported by Pakistan, inspite of finding Usama bin Ladin and Taliban leaders in Pakistan and killed there. They remain strategic partners, till now both sides fight Afghans among each other. The current fight was not an Afghan fight and we were drag to fight with each other. America actually wanted to prolong this fight and on other hand Pakistan has intended to destroy Afghanistan completely and wanted to take this fight to different ethnic. But it was Allah will and end to this fight very soon. In these twenty years American government were never serious to train and well equip the Afghan forces, it was Ashraf Ghani, who give attention, trained and well equipped in his last Presidential period and now in these two years. The American government intentionally lay down the base of Afghanistan very weak and corrupted.
I thought he had a plan? I guess he did for himself. He pulled a Batista!
Where did he go ?
When Russia and China and Iran start Giving them weapons and everything they need and want they will do what they tell them.
Now Terrorist will run a country....where are OIC....talk about Innocent Afghan people rights....dark future Afghan people
Hindus of Afghanistan, where are you!? We need your help, please 🙏😭, defeat the Taliban, show the world that the word jai hind has more meaning than Allah u Akbar! 😞
I love aljazeera news channel i love islaam i love Pakistan i love Taliban because they are true muslim they are fight for justice get out america hahahahaha america lose🇵🇰😍🇹🇷🤩🇮🇷
This is why war never resolves anything, If the US pushed democratic propoganda all over, this would have never happened, Information and knowledge is the greatest weapon...
Oh no right now YOU are not saying that your people with YOU.but you left them alone there
He said he would take full responsibility of all Afghan people......then he ran away 🙈🙈🙈🙈🙈😂😂😂😂😂
Joe Biden should be given nobel peace prize for providing rest in peace to afghan people.
Infamous day in U.S. history.
WOW what a coward if you love your country stay and fight!  So he fled Tajikistan with his family and close allies to live his life drama free and in peace WOW! Our US soldiers and those that's aided them died in vain. Do they honestly think the Taliban will refrain from violence and offer safe passage to anyone wishing to leave Kabul. We shall see but I think NOT but only time will  tell because history repeats it's self time and time again. I pray for Peace and Calm to Afghanistan and for the people in power to stop being so corrupt & greedy and turn from their wicked ways.
Domestic terrorist is better than foreign terrorist " who had been first  support talleban in 1990 century "  where was morality that taleban terrorist  " so people may not eat western drama all time "
Everyone point and laugh at the USA!
Speechless...
U.S.A the big losser
he is gone where he got his billons saved
CIA + Qatar cooked it very obvious 😴
There is more to this than they are telling us. Money has changed hands!
First one to run is puppet of America. They don't want to die.  Being America's friend is fatal.
Now situation will be much more better than the presence of US looters and killers .
At this point I think it's reasonable to trust the Taliban's word more than the US government's
US is equally responsible for the birth of taliban
American republicans are SO happy this happened. But NEVER MIND that Trump “negotiated” a full American withdrawal 3 months earlier!
Good job Biden.. you can go back to sleep 😴
Where Ashraf Ghani went???? I think he gone to USA with USA trooops.
Imagine a wartime president just leaving his country 🤦🏽‍♂️. The Afghan government literally has no authority.
politician and operation don't mix, also past 20 years no attacks from taliban doesn't mean no attacks from taliban in the future. Politicians are stupid, they need to get off their high horse now, admit they made a mistake, and send the troops back. this is exactly vietnam in 21st century.
All women from Afghanistan come to Brazil, here you will have freedom and dignity, here you will be very happy without the Taliban
At long last peace has achieve In Afghanistan after the country is been looted by foriengn troups for 20yrs ....Long life to Afghanistan 💪
A captain should go down with his ship. He should pick up an AK and join the front lines. Bring a suicide pill though to avoid the fate of Najibullah.
Not behaving like warlords? Opening Prisons? I beg to differ.
Way to go Joe and all of your woke military leaders and intelligence weenies!  I'll bet the Afgan army had plenty of trans leaders.
20 years of investment undone - how many soldiers were lost or killed in action? How many people were affected? Shameful politicians everywhere who pretend they care. Is the West a trusted partner?
Condition is not deteriorating but improving.
This president wanted a helicopter ride out to the US or else where all along, these people want the taliban if they didn’t they would fight them.
I want a photo of the evacuation of Kabul to hang next to Saigon. I wonder what America's next failed war will be. Civil war hopefully.
What about Russia and China  could have use their power to bring peace in the nation all this years
6:41 this reporter is in Kabul. He was probably paid a lot of money to go there during this time before the Taliban takes over the capital.
Al jajera wants this ....then why are u crying???
Hilarious . USA trains them , gives them weapons , they have 300k plus manpower in Afghan military .  Taliban have 50k in their military and who wins ??? HAHAHAHA !!
Black flags of khorasan👆
Taliban plz help poor people from bahria town karachi malik riaz stole a lot of poor people money  not giving land and not  giving money  back plzzzz help our leader are invole with him not helping people plzzzz
THE BEST CEWY CHOCOLATE-CHIP COOKIES: Ingredients for 12 cookies  ½ cup granulated sugar ¾ cup brown sugar, packed 1 teaspoon salt ½ cup unsalted butter, melted 1 egg 1 teaspoon vanilla extract 1 ¼ cups all-purpose flour ½ teaspoon baking soda 4 oz milk or semi-sweet chocolate chunks 4 oz dark chocolate chunk, or your preference Nutrition Info View Info Preparation In a large bowl, whisk together the sugars, salt, and butter until a paste forms with no lumps. Whisk in the egg and vanilla, beating until light ribbons fall off the whisk and remain for a short while before falling back into the mixture. Sift in the flour and baking soda, then fold the mixture with a spatula (Be careful not to overmix, which would cause the gluten in the flour to toughen resulting in cakier cookies). Fold in the chocolate chunks, then chill the dough for at least 30 minutes. For a more intense toffee-like flavor and deeper color, chill the dough overnight. The longer the dough rests, the more complex its flavor will be. Preheat oven to 350°F (180°C). Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Scoop the dough with an ice-cream scoop onto a parchment paper-lined baking sheet, leaving at least 4 inches (10 cm) of space between cookies and 2 inches (5 cm) of space from the edges of the pan so that the cookies can spread evenly. Bake for 12-15 minutes, or until the edges have started to barely brown.
Don't believe A Blinkin or anyone else in OBye-Den's admin!  They lie over and over again!!! Ask any American!!!
THIS was bs from the start
Sooo....what happens now? Hasn't the US and NATO pretty much moved most of their infrastructure and support out of Afghanistan by now? Do they now spend a shitload of money to get it all back there and fight another 20 years? Do they airstrike the country into oblivion? Was any of this ever about doing helpful deeds for the people of Afghanistan? Do they just let the Taliban have Afghanistan?
You cant fight Taliban....they what to die and we Americans want to live ....that is not a opponent you can bend twist or convince.
Don't be naive folks The Taliban fighters in a dubious patience are simply waiting for the USA and others to leave. They are smart enough not to risk reoccupation by the coalition headed by USA Afghan will eventually revert to status quo
He (Any Empire) who falls on this stone will be broken to pieces, but he on whom it falls will be crushed” Matt 21:43-44
The president did the samething my dad did to me left and never came back
Why America is running away from Taliban what wrong with Afghanistan govt.  I remember bush promised that America will not abandoned Afghanistan why now  Us is full responsible for chaos in the country bin laden is gone she no longer need afghan ????  We know America is like prostitute
I think it is safe to say that Ashraf Ghani is a corrupt pos.  I cannot imagine the bullshit he was feeding US and NATO allies bc they seemed to not know wth was really going on over there and why Afg forces seemingly didn’t have the will to fight.   For now this looks very bad on Biden.  I’ll wait to see how the dust falls.  We’ll see if Biden gives a public address today too.
Bush and Cheney should go to jail for this fraud.
Half of ashraf ghani's cabinet and his relative have landed at delhi iGi , india  And he himself is in tazakistan. What the F usa
Is there an ounce of lesson being learnt by the supper powers from Afghanstan?
Like a captain abandoning ship when everybody’s still trying to get off themselves.  What a coward
Never join the army, you will just die for nothing.
Lol...no major contributor has EVER conquered Afghanistan
This guy was a crook along with his corrupt politicians how much money did he stole from all the money that US gave them to make a decent military 20 years and he didn't even able to establish a decent police force forget about army. He thought he can keep stealing all the money cause he don't need an army cause US will save his a** everytime. but now that US is gone he realized his a** along with his corrupted General and cabinet members a** is bigly f**ked.
if he loves his people he will never do that, he will fight until his last breath
the parallel 2 vietnam is not only that the usa lost the war but also how they have 2 rush out of the country.. same helicopter pics..
What happened in Afganistan is exactly the same thing as what had happened in VietNam in April 1975. US failed to keep their promise to Vietnamese and now to the Afgan People.Shameful !
This is a big EMBARRASSING SITUATION for America and their allies.
Since the Afghan President left the country, he basically said to the people, My life is more important than yours. Every man for himself.
Coward
Mm mm, islam.
He went to join Modi in India lol 😆 🤣. Coward left the country leaving his people behind. Surely he is puppet chosen by who are pulling their soldiers back. Shame on you.
The U.S. never had any business going over there in the first place. They are always trying to police the world!
Welcome to europe
If you are interfere in Afghanistan than don't cry tomorrow when Afghanistan will interfere in India best for you keep Quite
Afghanistan ex Government be came in power again
If Asraf Gani dustom etc  interfere in Afghanistan from outside of Afghanistan than Pakistani and Kashmiri will help Talibans in sha Allah. Pakistani government is Munafiq but people's of Pakistani and Kashmiri is with you. Nara E Risalat Labiak ya Rasool Allah PBUH Imrat Islami zinda bad from Azad Kashmir Pakistan
Run run and don’t look back 😂
Nice job American average family you lost your children and money on this corporate created war. Way to go ....please do more of this
20 years. 20 trillion dollars. 3000+ dead US troops. 2000+ dead contractors. 1000+ dead NATO troops. 60,000+ dead Afghan allies. 100,000 dead Afghan civilians. And for what? All to capture 1 man and avenge 3000 deaths. The US could literally have put a 1Bn bounty on Osama, paid every bereaved family from 9/11 a billion dollars compensation and had 17 trillion dollars in change. And we've not even started on Iraq, Syria, Yemen, Libya, Lebanon, the European refugee crisis, Guantanamo. Boy, America has paid a huge price for the Rumsfeld-Bolton-Cheney-Bush neocon wet dream. 'Gitmo?' Who's 'gittinmo' now? Taliban back in power and it barely took them a month.
Historic moments for Afghanistan people. Prayers and wishes
Watching the videos days before, it looks like the locals have embraced the arrival of Talibans and having said and seen that- let the afghans carved their own future and I hope that they will join the international community and be an active participation in keeping this planet peaceful for the future generations to come!!
I'm going to In-Out-Burger.
Soory Afghanistan🇦🇫🇦🇫
So after fighting for 20 years in Afghanistan, nothing has changed. This has been the most expensive war in world history. According  president Biden, US has spent over $1 trillion since invading Afghanistan.
Another total waste of time and money and life, now wait a bit to see the havoc that will be caused by the Taliban -ISIS I Predict Problems ahead...
America doesn’t want to defeat Taliban ….war should be keep going in order to do business 😇😇😇
All running with their tails between their legs , so funny 20 yrs achieved a big fat 0 , looks like when they ran out of Vietnam
Nice job American Income tax payers you lost big time.
Yeh first priority is Americans selfish
English is not a measurement of education
Never thought I'll see Saigon version 2 in my lifetime.
They want to be slaves.
Send Kamala to find those 'root causes'.
W bush is sad
2021: Hold my- <Smashes beer over 2020's head> 2021: Never mind.
Bravo taliban
It is US plan to encounter Chinese expansion toward west .
He gone to open a fried chicken 🍗 chips shop in USA 🇺🇸.🐓🦃
Sharia law?
95-5
USA leavs Afghanistan.  Taliban takeover, again...  Taliban continues to murder the innocent and carry out terrorist attacks... USA will return so MONEY can keep being printed...  The Taliban is the single most dangerous group of Terrorist garbage on this planet. Think the US is really surrendering and leaves for good?  Naaw, we just need it to get heated up again so more money can be made.  Remember, War is if not the biggest money maker to ever exist.  Peace time for "warlords"  is less and less funding.
Bin Laden rejoicing in his grave
its very hard to trust americans, imagine we have heard 3800 US and allies' soldiers arrived afgan, but still Taliban pushing forward to kabul implies americans are behind Taliban with logistics supply and weapons too...
Biden’s plan
super power and nato🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Just let them sort it out, and if they they do another 9/11, then we do this all over again. The bottom line is Islam will always Islam, ISIS and Taliban will always be there.
Taliban won ......thats great.
Biden should take his place.
😂
Taliban will Govern gently and fairly.
Nicely done Taliban....you helped the American  billionaires and corporate shareholders make boat loads of money from the Average American tax payers and ruined the Average American's future.
u.s. government just wants to chase the Taliban out of the mountains so u.s. military can move in and make a secret base in the mountains where osama bin ladin got killed so that u.s.a. can keep a better eye on china and russia...meow.
The US goes from 'woke' to 'joke' ... gleefully.
The new US embassy will be located at the old McDonald's restaurant at the airport.
In Cricket terms: Zimbabwe has won  a test match against Australia on day 1.
Pakistan is a brother to the Taliban and a slave to the United States.
😂😂AMERICAN SOLDIERS TAKEN FOR A RIDE IN NAME OF WAR ON TERRORISM 😂😂
Thank is definitely playing golf somewhere ... What a coward president
They already inside palace
It does not make sense: the most powerful military and economic powerful nation with unlimited technological capacities is running away from a third world country, leaving behind a colossal mess under the unbelievable argument that “enough is enough… 20 years of US occupation, two trillion of USD spent not to mention the hundred of Afghan and UD lives lost” and Biden gives the orders to pack and leave in a rush: not even making the necessary preparations so Afghan people who fear for their lives have the opportunity to withdraw their money, pack their belongings and buy an airplane ticket to exit the country! In light of this colossal mess No wonder the QAnon crazies believe in conspiracy theories and the deep state controlling the minds of its citizens… and that Doctor Anthony Fauci like Frankenstein is moving all the levers in the baseman of his house to rally his troop of scientists all over the world to create vaccines for the extermination of the all human lives in the planet save for ants and cockroaches!!!
YOU BURKA WE MASKS.🤣🤣
Saigon 1975 all over again
Public of Kabul are happy.
Congratulations
Jump in China!
Once more DEMOCRATS in power, middle east  on FIRE!!!!  Look what’s happening in Afghanistan, Iraq, Israel, …
The Afghans could repel the Taliban, they always say that they fight foreign invaders, aparently not this is proof just like before there just going to roll over and take their beating. You can't unite the Afghans  they are to petty and think only of themselves and this is proof and until they unite behind a national identity they're will never be a stable Afghanistan and a prosperous future for their people. We gave them the tools and they just squandered it away we could just beat back the Taliban again, would be no problem but where does it stop, the Taliban fight under an idealoligy and that has to be countered with a United local front not a foreign presence so until their ready to do that we should just wash our hands of this problem cut of their poison from the rest of the world and let them figure it out
Ashraf Ghani: Ok bois, got some homeowork to do, see you guys tomorrow  last active 5 years ago
Lol.....Go Taliban go get what rightfully is your....
Trump’s deal. Biden inherited this…
I think Al jajeera will be happy now
Yeah
President leave his own country 🙄
MashaAllah 💝
finally terrorist have now offered official recognition against world humanity and  world peace which leads to grate debate enforcing human rights , peace belief and restoring all for maintaining social order....for mankind
All because of you. Qatar
What a waste of time and lives. Just to end up where it started.
The Taliban of old is the Taliban of today...can't change the colors nor the smell of a skunk.
Now the US will bring those Afghans to USA, saying they are in danger and give them US citizenship.  It is so messed up.
The liberals will find a  way to blame Trump for the take over though the senile idiot they voted for caused it! Smh
What a coward!!!
If only Afghanistan had a law or amendment that guaranteed and protected the peoples right to keep and bear arms. This way when the Government Army turns tail and runs away from the Taliban (which they have), the people themselves can take up arms, form militias, and fight for their freedom. They can word the amendment like this; A well regulated militia, being NECESSARY to the security of a FREE state, the right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed.   Since US occupation the taliban was pushed out and the people there were finally free. There is a whole generation of women and people who were born after or during the US occupation that grew up in Afghanistan with rights, liberties, and freedoms. Now that freedom is under threat and the government that was suppose to keep them safe and protect their new found freedom has abandoned their people
Ashraf ghani bad person
RIP Afghanistan
Whats so crazy is the rep party was all for our troops coming home now Biden is going thru with that same plan is now the bad guy how is that possible. Can any one see how easy it is for them to abandon any thing they once agreed on just because of the party in charge at the time. Im so tired of our gov acting as children theres no type of maturity red or blue shouldnt matter when it comes to right or wrong. And if you are red and voice your opinion you get treated like Ms Chaney i give her credit for standing on her own not being bullied from Trump and the leaders of the rep party are so controlled by trumps people weak afraid to stsnd on there own afraid of maybe losing votes so they put there own needs above the people and we keep putting themback in office. The american people are not like our grandparents was when they made the partys acountable for there actions, but in todays times they would rather storm our capital like some third world country knowing they wouldnt be able to keep it even if they would have. Mind control ??? think about it how else could you get thousands to think storming our capital was ok and the men and women of the party seen nothing wrong with there actions and you the people of this country agreed how is that possible you mean  you would tell your children what happened was right ? based on what? Hate teach hate thats why our country doesnt ever change generation after generation hate continues because our country is no different then the Taliban raising there kids to hate thats why after 20 yrs they still exist.
Please  support
Afgan taliban defeated indian, American so badly...
Taliban created as a BOOGEY by Queen's BBC & West
Why us 🇺🇸 army have spend  so many years in Afghanistan and feeding all the state spokes persons in Afghanistan  Shame on you  Americans
Seekers of truth I salute them they humiliated  the Americans.
Reminds me of the khmer rouge peaceful entrance into the Capital of Cambodia. I pray that they will see reason and bring peace to Afghanistan 👃
EVERYONE SEEN THIS COMING
The televise address was a capitulation
More people moving around all countries USA Biden you are a failure and a lie
Fake super power America run 🏃‍♂️ away and leave there afghan govt alone to fight taliban...
Ap sub ko mubarak... Taliban ghalib hogaye s❤💞
This isn't going to end well.
What i did for the Taliban worked now they need me against the world the same way I did for them by taking out a few people and then the real enemy's of God fall, like the enemy once told me you can't do this on your own but your still afraid of me.
I see trouble on the. Horizon
Coming to a port UK soon see you tomorrow
20 years of Americans in Afghanistan and what they built was only Army barracks and big roads for their armoured  vehicle and a BIG betrayal to Afghani people at last .
India is crying 🤣🤣🤣
No doubt Mr.Ghani emptied his bank accounts before leaving and the national treasury.
Taliban are the next Vietnam now,friends of US.
Alhamdulillah happy independence day Afghanistan
What's Shame US,After 20 years  peaceful transition of military power, lool
Nuking them is not a solution it will harm the crops which means no black tar heroin no more
When you dance with the devil this is what you get amerikkka is the devil they don't care about the people never did remember bin laden is why the military is over in Afghanistan not the welfare of the people so why would anyone think that they care about the people they got tricked thinking the white man cares about the citizens funny
Yep we think it's a disaster, sounds like all other countries agree.
Let's see what Taliban do now.
Congratulations US for this huge mess up. This will have colossal consequences for all countries, specially Europe. If these terrorists could before plan things from caves, imagine now that they will have funds from taxes. This is madness.
The Taliban have never left. They were just in hiding waiting for the United States to leave. Once gone they all pop up. Nobody learns from history until they're knee deep in a terrible situation. No country could ever go into Afghanistan in clear out the Taliban or any kind of insurgency I'm not sure why countries have not learned that a lot of the times they don't want foreigners there invading even the citizens don't but the United States still goes up in there and now all the soldiers died for nothing.
All planned by China's man in The White House.
Whats the difference between women and girls to the Taliban ?, forced marriage under Sharia Law.
Y'all get out of the Whitehouse  You suck
American 👎🏿👎🏿👎🏿👎🏿👹👎🏿🇺🇸🇺🇸👹👎🏿👹👹🇺🇸🇺🇸👹👹👎🏿👹👎🏿
If the world stood by and did nothing in Myanmar then this shouldn't be a matter of concern either.. it doesn't look any worse than the situation in Burma
Allah ho Akbar
I am nepali
please help everyone country to Afghanistan  people please help America Joe biden pm
A real Captain is supposed to die with his ship, what a coward move!
Syria after that
The army are scattered in Iran, tajikstan and Uzbekistan at the moment
No no Mr Ghani said he will protect Kabul 😂😂😂🤣🤣🤣🤣
India is feeling sad with Ghani, america and 5 others 😂😂😂
This is our generation's Vietnam
Coward.
Iraq next
Told you SOON Kabul 😎😎 Long live Taliban 🇵🇰🇵🇰🇵🇰🍾🍾
omg
Ghani: You could count on us. We will fight back these Taliban. Citizens: Oh thank- <Ghani has left the chat>
I hope the beloved youtube don't punish me for this opinion. I'm just an American.
It’s fine. Not like anyone you know is flying there for a vacation. Basically, it felt like the US were fighting the Taliban longer and harder than the locals. We got tired of it after 20 years.  Maybe China will open a port with them now. At the end of the day, sending military troops wasn’t the answer. We should have probably just built a Disneyland, open McDonald’s, Walmarts, and all the things we defend our lives over.
Lo que faltaba de este pauaso
What do we expect!! It's like someone trying to take your house. These people don't want change.  That's there culture. We can't change the world.
Captain jumped ship, left his passengers to save themselves.. Wow!!!
Gosh it's almost like appointing a local drug warlord as president wasn't the best idea.
The media hyped Democratic leader runs from his people at time of need!
AMERICA'S BIGGEST BETRAYAL OF THE CENTURY
Taliban Zindabad
This spoke person for Taliban sounds like an IDIDOT!!! Who are you fighting & why if you want peace then why are you own people fleeing  bullsh*t
Ola-Hi-Uber.. I need a cab 😂😂😂
Tail between his legs.
Muslim: peaceful religion has nothing to do with taliban🤣
The title of the headline should be "people of Afghanistan got their land bank from foreign intervention and from the puppets of western devils"...
After afgan next pakistan
Why AMERICAN GOVERNMENT IS NOT BOMBING THEM. OH TALIBAN IS AMERICAN MADE FORCE.
nato, ie...countries fleeing for their lives! first i am sure they made this years poppy crop were was taken care of first! going out on diplomatic/military aircraft no doubt!
What a joke! Y'day only he adrssed d Afghans to fight till d end & now left. Ashraf Ghani sets d highest benchmark for d level of cowardice 2 b measured, deserves d award for : "Coward of the Year 2021"
The rat that deserts the sinking ship!
What a coward
It's all Trumps fault , Trump started this war !  Biden has to fix it !!!!!!!!!!
Si,now its up to TALIBANS to act responsably, do n't try to push people to change their evry days life which they are living since they have been under American run Afghan govt.
Thanks to weak old fart  biden  , it is easier to cheat  elections , isn't it?
Ahfganistan president is bought and paid for by the national government of china.
USA... and Europe are loss a war....
If i were him i would at least stay there and accept death then being known as a coward who fled his country
Lol ghani flee not left😂 he flee like shah of iran did and gave gov to mullas😂😂😂😂What a chicken!!! at least he could hide in a hole😁😀😂
This is Saigon all over again man
My boyfrn is Afghani I never met a man like him  N it shattered my heart to see the news what’s happening in Afghanistan 🇦🇫 right now    Afghanistan is in my prayers   Any Afghan reading this pls be safe  Lots of love from India 🇮🇳
Hope and pray that Thaliban has corrected themselves. They will not prevent girls from seeking education which is the basic obligatory for male and female alike in Islam. also as they have promised they will pardon the wrong does according to their perspective. nothing is permanent, every thing is subject to change in this world. If they claim that they want to rule the way our Prophet did, let them show that they respect women, minorities' rights etc. let's pray at least now Afghani people will get a peaceful world by changing the attitude of Thaliban In Sha Allah. It's in Allah's hand. Not in the hands of Thaliban.
Ashar Afghani (The Most Evil of Afghans) Not Ashraf Ghani! The Coward has followed the way of his Masters. He fled the country
The Afghani who fled the countryside  who is now living in KABUL  parking lots tell a different story of the recent TALIBAN aggression, One person stated the Taliban fighters lined up the young girls & women in the  village & picked wives of neighbor had 3 daughters taken 9,11,13 year old girls
Where is bbc John Simpson? I still remember him on the fall of Talibans 20 years ago.
The American army lost all countries lost Ayy Mashallah 🥰🤩😍Taiban zindabad Pakistan zindabad Islam zindabad 🤩🤩🤩🤩👍
Congratulations Taliban from Bangladesh😍
This is very dangerous for this  Country ,so that was why They safety when the US Innocent Soldiers we're serving there , is look China Leader is pushing
India who was their best ally Ghani and Karzai  thugs turned his back at the time of need. The afghan government was India's puppet show. Now India has to pay price  price for double standards role. 😅👍
Long live Taliban...love you Imarat Islami  💚💚💜💚💚
Let this be a lesson to all opps backed by USA. They're not anyone's ally. Only hypocrisy
Someone forgot to turn off the Taliban easy mode on this map
Ashraf Ghani and the Afghan military are total cowards. It owuld be naive to think that there will be peaceful power rtansfer. There is going to be mass slaughtrer of people esp Men. What happens to women and children is going to be as ugly as what ISIS did. US Should have  nuked entire Tora Bora mountains and perhaps entire Afghanistan.
This is an opinion. Its all there. I say this inspite the fact that I like the Chinese people and think they are a great nation but they are lead by tyrants in one opinion.
For the Biden Administration, or anyone for that matter, to think that the Taliban and al-Qaeda can return to power in Afghanistan and not seek revenge for the death of Usama Bin Laden, and the overthrow of the Taliban regime, is feeble minded, and arrogant at best.
America spent trillions of dollars and lost thousands of troops in Afghanistan and now it has nothing to show for it. It is back to square 1.
Thank U Taliban for your dedication...👏👏
Rip: american tax payers
Biden should have seen this coming. He was, after all, a Senator when we left Saigon in 1975.
What a shame for America!   America has lost its pride & respect.   America killed millions of innocent civilians in Afghanistan but now running away by twisting its tail.
That country was a lost cause
Nothing is uncertain tuliban has won
i feel these Taliban fighters set a well organized Blitzkrieg action.  How long the western allies trained Afghan army and police and state while the Taliban laughed so hard in their caves
And this is religion?
Leaving for good
Talibans should follow present reformed system of  saudi arabia..where women's have right to get education and jobs and other due liberties to man and women
It's sad the U. S. can't admit its foreign policy failed. They wear eggs on their faces without shame. Is this leadership? The political cycle in America, elect and then regret!
What a waste....38 billion on the Afghan army, countless billions on the country, countless lives lost during the invasion and it's aftermath and the death march continues. Just a freaking waste over the last 20 years.
"Allah has promised us victory. Bush has promised defeat. We will see which promise is more truthful". Mullah Omer,2001.  The Taliban is a great nation, except the fact.
Ghani has gone to one of his villas in Europe or US hahahaha.  Joke 🤣 when he said a few days back that Taliban would not take over Afghanistan ... Guess the Afghan people don't minds terrorists ruling them and going back to the dark ages.   Hope this ideology does not spread to the rest of the world.  And another thing you cannot fight terrorists with Geneva conventions .  You should do whatever to defeat them.  Collateral damage is something that cannot be avoided .
Alhamdulillah. Barakallahu fiekum for TALIBAN. Allahuakbar Allahuakbar Allahuakbar
China has destabilized the whole world with the Chinese virus, with cyber attacks,  ahfganistan  offensive and their provocation actions.
Afghans fight for your freedom!!!! Now's your chance!!! Let them feel unwelcome in your city! Fight for Kabul!!!!
A gani secara gentle lebih baik tinggalkan Afganistan daripada menumpahkan darah saudaranya sendiri.
US is sick ugly loser
As messed up as this is there is much to be said for defending yourself. When you rely on someone else too often you become a liability to yourself. It’s ok to ask for help with a serious problem but you should always expect to be on your own.
Them boys done pulled up on the block and took over... Aint nobody gonna slide and stand up & hold down the block?
First time in history Taliban advocating for a peaceful transition, there is God in heaven for sure.
To capture Kabul Taliban just had to take cab till Kabul😂😂
America should have never invaded that country in the first place
Over 2 trillions are spent for nothing except that the America defense contractors are getting richer and richer.
Erdogan might be rolling about his soldiers gaurding the Kabul airport.
So many nato and American soldiers died for nothing as it seems. .
WOW!  THEY GOT USA VEHICLES AND OUR GUNS!  NO WONDER THEY MOVE FAST! CAN WE JUST LEAVE AND PUT A SIGN ON THE FRONT DOOR FREE.  THIS IS CRAZY!
Joe Biden under your watch millions of Afghanistan's are starving to death while thousands has flew out of the country get ready to receive them what a nonsense 🙄The world has come to understand thirty good years of American military occupation of Afghanistan is totally useless and we must support Taliban new regime maybe they have something positive to offer.
Come on man... said Joe
Sad ... just sad...  To the normal everyday folk, that may not want Taliban there, hey there m'fkers you're on your own.... I'm outta here.  No wonder chit can countries can't ever progress ... leaders lead from behind and when the going gets tough bails.  Sad ... just sad!
I was hoping this channel offer some perspectives from the angle of middle east people. but it is with the same view as all US media, and it is ran by same type of people as any US media outlet.  That makes this channel WORTHLESS.
Meanwhile the US GOVERNMENT could of been fighting the war on drugs ,Gang violence ,Helping the homeless Trillion of mines,yours & everybody else tax dollars gone ,The US GOVERNMENT IS the mob plain & simple ,After everyone that they wanted to get rich got rich when we pulled out Complete PONZI SCHEME
How about calling them taliban terrorist rather than  taliban fighters
I wonder how much of my tax money this coward has hidden away. The captain should go down with the ship.
While the Taliban have said no fighting around the Capitol, there are foreign assets, maybe even our own, who would be willing to break that so peace doesn't happen.
Saigon 2.0 in 4K. 🤣🤣🤣🍿🍿🍿
Taliban is lying
Alhamdulillah
Trillions spent just to get clapped by the Mujahideen
Biden Administration excellent 👏 plan to remove the military 👏.. Is as successful as the plan with the southern border.
taliban just walk in the city without fighting is so funny how wimp are the civilians .
Gosh, who'd have thought Afghanistan would be impossible to invade and colonize?  It's never been attempted before.  (I know, I know... sarcasm doesn't work on these boards.)
Jesus. That's absolutely ridiculous. The Afghan people are always in my prayers. This is just hidious for them.
Why didn't venezuela get this much media coverage?
The propped up government of Afghanistan was a joke clearly. Needed U.S. to police their country for 20 years just to lose it all at an alarming rate.
The Taliban terrorist 😳 own the innocent children and people's life's now 😢🕊️
Failed state 🥲
Taliban have unlimited weapons and toyota. Of course they're gonna win
China is in control of Kabul.
utter disgrace for the United States. I served in theater in Afghanistan. must be careful of the "paid" spin-masters now... wiggling out of "responsibility". I arrived home "alive" others did not...
Ayooo he dipped lmaooooo
This Administration is a joke, a dangerous & deadly joke!
Good job
So wtf did the USA do there for all these years? Good job man.
Afghanistan could have been a prosperous country, Afghanistan could have been so much more if they could have just accepted Pakistan's existence. We could have grown together being allies but NO, they had to side with the commies and India. Well they got what they deserved. The Afghan empire is no more and they have no one but themselves to blame.
ashraf ghani wrong person on wrong place .. if america bring him in olympics he definately win gold medal for afghanistan in athlete (running)
Just one more Biden Admin failure, IMHO.
Afghanistan didn't even try to hold.
Idiot RepubliScams. It wasn't Biden who laid down like dogs instead of defending their country. It was the Afghan Army.
I seems America trained Taliban instead of Afghanistan forces😂🤣😂😂
Many people will not agree agree but the world should learn from taliban the ancient art of self governance against the greedy capitalist who make inhumane policies to subjugate the human population.
Mission is accomplished US has made a great success.
The president of ahfganistan abandoned ship, one of the first rescued. What a cowardly leader, who elected him?
Winking, blinken, and nod.
Stolen elections have consequences......
He needs to come and face trial for all the human deaths. He most likely left with all the country money
The govt was a pathetic house of cards. No surprise that a govt of conmen, thieves, and traitors had zero legitimacy and collapsed almost immediately the moment the US pulls out. It’s laughable how little the US managed to change Afghanistan over 20 years of occupancy and trillions of dollars spent.
“Allah has promised us victory, and bush has promised us defeat. We’ll see which one is more truthful”... Mullah Omar in 2001
The Taliban fought 20 years against the western allies and their collaborators. Now it´s only a matter of time that Kabul will fall. Use common sense; why they should negotiate? The afghan army will disappear like the iraqi Army in the fight against the IS, many will join the Taliban. The Soviets and the West never understood that Afghanistan was never a unified country. a central government will never be accepted, especially  if supported from non- muslim foreign countries. The best solution will be to accept this fact and divide the country in ethnic orientated new states. Let the Pashtun  have their own nation in Afghanistan. Then its up to Pakistani to face their own Pashtun problem. They deserve it.   I never understood why the US invaded a whole country to get a gang of terrorists. Finally they got Bin Laden years later in the  Us Allie Islamic Republic of Pakistan. To go into Afghanistan was a fully waste of lifes and ressources. When the US Governments learn that their Allies Pakistan and Saudi Arabia are the real enemies in the war on terror , not Afghanistan.
Transfer of power my foot it was a clear Islam ie surrender
President Ashraf Ghani Has Left The Country Which is Out Of Control And Taken
I remember seeing one video on YouTube before regarding China wants to team up with the Talibans just for a piece of land with resource.
Cc
300000 afghan’s army members shame on you cowards
It is safe to say that the Taliban is the Afgan people.  Like it or hate it. I wish them all well  KM Hemmans The Youtuber
I wish our "president" would leave our country.
Taliban: its over america i have the high ground. America: you underestimate my power. Taliban: don't try it. America: Aaaaauaaa
He's a runner he's a track star 🤣 I couldn't help it 😭
How many young men will we see on small boats crossing the channel in small boats soon.   ?
I think of it as new strategy by US.
America won the cold war, and turned this world into a miserable place.
I’ll bet there more embassy underground then shows above ground!
what to ask other than.....do i see the plan behind these various moves??? ...yes i do and i am sure most of you out there do see it too.....just better to not post .....what is going on in politixnix there....good luck to all of them...
I hope they don’t harm anyone and bring their people together
this is not conflict but war
How on earth a president can be such a coward? When your people need you the most, you flee away. Unbelievable!
Thank goodness that in spite of everything,  the Concours show starts this week @ Pebble Beach.
US made this story this bad.
US and allies shouldn’t have gone there in the first place. Nevertheless they did, and I remember Pakistan strongly urged US to get on a negotiating table with Talibans back in 2004, when they were all out defeated and cornered. US didn’t pay heed one iota to that genuine suggestion and in their continuously growing arrogance, shot themselves in the foot. Taliban regrouped in the next couple of years and started causing havoc to US and other forces. Poor planning, lack of territory understanding, and arrogance made Afghanistan, another Vietnam for the US. These Fox News dumbos can blame anyone they want, fact is this was inevitable!
he will be killed by taliban - that's why he flew to another country
why Americans left all the Weapons for talibans?  yes !
Twenty years of live fire training has made the Taliban the most fierce fighting force ever.. raised to fight there whole lives ! Like Spartans of old…. All the Equipment we left for them ain’t good either! Have we rigged the Billion dollar embassy for Demolition? Bring it straight down !
Delivering unrealistic rambling speeches was not serving any benefit. It may be good riddance for Afghans.
Al Jazeera must be very happy
Afghanistan people want to be a Muslim state and the taliban is who they want despite saying otherwise.
Corruption at its best.
Useless president
Afghanis are 1 step ahead in surrendering than PAKISTANIS. ;)))
Christianity: workable  Capitalism: Unworkable.
Stop expecting other countries to solve your problems. If the Afghan people do not want to live under Shari'a law, THEY need to stand up against the Taliban. The US gave you the tools and the training on how to use them.  Rest is up to you.
Ashraf Gani took all the money he could and escaped in time.... his plan worked
Sad 300,000 troops n ran away
Any nation can not be rule by force it's proved in Afghanistan.
Unless you fortified the border with Pakistan  which is 3000k you will have a steady stream of taliban fighters  coming to fight
Same thing happened in Viet Nam during the Tet Offensive they are basically surrending while claiming it to be a strategic withdrawal
I used to be neutral and/or had a soft spot for Qatar, however, hearing now that the Taliban is hosted in Doha, nah, I think the countries that blockaded Qatar on the allegation of terrorism sponsorship were right. What is Qatar doing hosting the Taliban? And AlJazeera just mentioning this fact in passing like it means nothing is shameful.  And then Pakistan, this country's name is always present everywhere terrorism is mentioned.
Vietnam ll
I can’t understand people asking why the US government failed to see this coming. The answer is, this was averted for 20 years but proved inevitable. So the question is how much longer did they want to keep seeing it and averting it.
Why thousandes of americans died , After the death of Osama?
there is no amnesty they tricking people not to fight back Taliban don't want to lose fighters .
Allah o Akbar
Taliban said thank you very much and take over Kabul.
US had no business trying to change their culture anyway. Time to refocus our military efforts to something more productive.
Osama was from Al-Quaeda tho… not the Taliban
What’s else for in your heart leave the world 🥺🙏🏻. Please forgive me for my question ?  Talib  , in the world United on your brutal day, please give me your mercy 😞.
Hey America is the game player that’s all and if Ashraf ghani left Afghanistan or don’t wanted to fight or surrendering of provenances behind all that you will find USA. 👏👏 good player that how to show to the all World. American was the one who gave them power authority and now Afghanistan.  Now which country can trust you USA Gov ? Or your own people?
It’s all Agenda 21🚨🚨🚨 Wake up now ✅ Hug ur children ❤️ U.S. of America supplies the taliban🎯 And your children will repeat ❤️❤️❤️
WHY WON'T THEY JUST LEAVE US ALONE I HAVE FAMILY IN KABUL AND NOW THE  PRESIDENT HAS GONE WHY WHY. I'M SCARED to MY LIFE EVEN THO I LIVE IN THE UK WHY TALIBAN WHY?
This is the result of the ignorance of the American people.  We don't know history.  Our government is just doing what governments do.   Afghanistan was never a nation until the British in the 19th century needed a buffer between Russia and India.  It's always been just a bunch of warring tribes.  Ethnic and cultural diversity has prevented them from moving beyond tribal societies.  We imagined that we could train people and pay them to fight and die for a corrupt central government.  Just like in Vietnam. Our military people have taken a "can do" attitude, even when handed an impossible task.  They deserve better from the American people.  The next time we feel the need to "help out" another nation we need to find a way to do it without the military.
The proud sponsors for the Taliban fleet of attack vehicles are Toyota and Ford motors. Optional upgrade is gun turret in the truck bed.
another wimp he should have never been a president filling up their pockets with money .
He left in a fleet of 747s that were full of gold and billions of US dollars.
USA and Nato dont know how to deal with Proxy war, china kept them in knees for 20 years. could have took some tips from Israel.
20 years ago I was in primary school 6th grade watching live USA bombing Taliban and overtake the country in matter of months. 20 years later I’m a father of a 5 yo kid watching Taliban retaking their country in matter of months. Time flies.
Those poor people. How awful it must feel to know your president has abandoned your country and a horrific force is taking over governing every move you make for the rest of your lives. We’ve seen this movie before, we have to observe history to learn not to repeat it, or so you’d think.
They were Taliban this whole time, like the entire country.
I wonder when they’ll bust the doors open at Guantanamo Bay.
Usa must leave the region -iran so it happens,usa was there for 20yrs failed to build strong army for afghanstan what a shame
really the faith can fight every hting
Tbh, good on the Talibs for at least fronting a peaceful transition lol
In Hindi there is a word for this-भगौड़ा (bhagaudha)
The real losers are the American tax payers.
This is a sad moment in history for all the UK, Indian, Israeli, and American forces that have been working together for years. Bless those women and children left there to the unknown.
Failed u.s foreign policy.
Coward
We fear for the women and girls in Afganistan. Talibans will kill more people and sell women. Talibans do not promote women in education, only religious schools for most girls. And they stone women or girls for speaking to to men. Barbaric! Fear for the lives of women and children safety and freedom.
Afghanistan has been a punching bag for 50 years by both U.S. and Russia (USSR). Maybe just leave them alone to build there own nation.  Just stop. We never belonged there for 20 years. Time we got our own house 🏠 in order instead of trying to build someone else's house 🏠.
He runs away 😁
Peace and soverenty is back Afghan Taliban is back الحَمْد للهْ
The only real Afghans that were committed to the the fight were the Commandos and the Terps. These were afghans that were veted by the intelligence community and had patterns of loyalty  .. Biden bragged about how vast and big the Afghan Army is, but he'll never explain the fact that half the Afghan Army was infiltrated by the Taliban and the Pakistan ISI (many years ago). How do you think the Taliban have managed to take the country back so fast in such small numbers? lol The Taliban never left
I hope the WOKE American military never wins another war.
اشرف غنی مودی 🐕 کتا ہار گئے طالبان گمنام ہیرو جیت گئے
A Vietnam all over again!
If Taliban behaives with humanity by putting away Sharia law, acknowledging the reality of women's equal intelligence, and controll their weapons, then America and Taliban win, because in this case both want the same thing! 40 years of war is enough for any people in the world besides Afghans!
Netflix got new story
Well, so much for bringing 'Democracy' and freedom to the Afghans!!!!
So if we the British people... over take drowning street.... we just get the power like that... ok sweet that's good to know... 👍
I feel sorry for Afghan women. if I were a afghan, I will fight till I die. in a few days, countries will impose sanctions on Afghanistan.
We had to be crazy to think this wasn’t going to happen once the US left the afghan people alone like prey..lions and snakes are very patient.. i pray God’s protection for US soldiers and people of afghanistan…🥺😢
Loosers cannot be choosers ✌😙❤❤😘😗😚
FINALLY IN AFGHANISTAN TALIBAN   GOVERNMENT 😎🇵🇰🇵🇰🇵🇰🇵🇰😇full support TALIBAN   🇵🇰😇😇😇😇🇸🇦
American men who died in vein!! 911 was an inside job!
Taliban have rambo to thank for training them against Russians and eventually against everyone else.
Inspite of not wearing masks, getting vaccinated or maintaining distances, the Taliban are apparently healthy enough to take control of the whole country, while the direct and indirect puppets of the USA (almost the entire world) are busy protecting their lives from the so called pandemic !
Puppet Goes to His  Real Place..!!!
USA killed millions people of Afghanistan since 2001. What is the result?  Shame ob USA & NATO. Other Muslim countries should learn from Afghanistan.
Taliban may have power to free Palestine, only if Palestinians agree to terms... 🇯🇴 🇦🇫.... Just a thought.
Blame PAKISTAN  for giving the Taliban sanctuary in their country.
An embassy at the airport? That’s awkward…
Ashraf Ghai To Afgan Citizens : Thik Hai Bhai, Chalta hu👋
Twenty years of political and military meddling of the USA government in Afghanistan made the people of Afghanistan experience untold suffering and has made the nation war-torn, and finally, they gather their things, their staff, and abandon you for the mercy of an uncertain future. This is why we say “NO!” to the American government's intervention in the internal conflict of our nation, Ethiopia. We demand the USA government to keep its hand off Ethiopia!
What a tragedy for the Afghanistan people ! USA has let down these people after more than 20 years as their allies they are now left on their own in the teeth of these Taliban wolves? It beats my understanding.
Bye, bye, to everything I thought was on my side Bye, bye, baby I want you bad but it's come down to nothing And all I have is your sympathy 'Cause you took me home but you just couldn't keep me Bye, bye, baby Bye, bye, baby  Taylor swift
Only a fool would believe what the taliban says
Ooh.. I really hate mainstream media
US intel : 3 months to take Kabul and afghan gov collapse.  Reality : 3 days  to a week.
What you mean transmission of power... they have no power who voted for them..... just terrorists so, nobody can trade with them
USA is trying to do the same mistake  in Ethiopia this time. Unnesseary spending of money &  20 years total failure should be a good lesson to the world.  But the sponsored medias are broadcasting the interest of few.
EVERYONE REMAIN CAL....... *Leaves*
Leaves or runs?
This man should be a clown lmao
Taliban: l Love you EUA
Occupation of Afghanistan = The speed of Taliban's toyota.💀
Where is UN?😢
Leaving his people alone when they need him .President Ashraf Ghani is cowered  and took asylum in Tajikistan to save his life...
Well.. don’t be surprised It was also the part of US plan as they said
Let Afghanistan pick the kind of leadership they want it will reduce chaos in biggest way.
So what exactly was the US doing for the past 20 years? Just dicking around?
USA - I'm the super power Taliban - hold my Kabul
General Hameed gull said: Pakistan will defeat USA with the help of USA (once)its true
The Afghans have had 20 years to prepare for this moment, and they have failed.
Off to Switzerland to collect the money he looted.
The rats leaving the sinking ship? Corrupt leaders leaving for a life in luxury on money stolen from their people?
US say I have Money  Taliban say I have Time
Ashraf "Usein Boult" Ghani . fastest short distance hoops sprinter. just over the fence to tajikstan
Wake dfuck up people,that is the way it was always gona go🙈🙉🙊
Leaves? He fled. 😂
President Ghani is American's puppet... American politics and it's allies are loser, they shouldn't be there at the first place... shame!
It is disgusting that the president has left, leaving the citizens to face the wrath of the Taliban. When a ship sinks in the ocean, guess who is the last soul to leave. The captain.
When a leader runs away leaving his people in need then one must understand he was never a leader but a puppet who only cares about himself.
How is CNN/MSNBC going to spin this in Joe's success?
So who is doing business with Afghanistan now the Taliban are In control...🤔
Ttfm
Allah hu akber. This is the soilder of Allah. Allah hu akbar
Notice the propaganda.  They want everyone to think that Afghanistan needs America and England....   Just remember the west destabilised the region with engineered consent. And western funded wars, that only lead to more wars
So in which country afghan president will go?
So what
A hot mess!The citizens will suffer beyond measures. Yahweh send Gabriel to defeat this Satanic entity.🙏
Good
Pack Bidens bags + station him over there against the Taliban, punishment for his stolen presidency.
And they said US has the strongest military in the world but can't even win a 20 yr war
For how long America should destroy countries for their benefits? China 🇨🇳
I don't know what talibs did. First pentagon told 6 months after us withdrawl Kabul may fall. Recently we saw us said 3 months after withdrawl it can happen. Today even before 2 weeks of us withdrawl they have taken Kabul. Shame on all of us! Standing at, this moment what else can we say other than yes, the talibs are successful today? Breaking heart, but ya they proved us wrong
It's not Saigon lite. Saigon is Kabul lite.
Where is Afghan military?😢
We should've never gone, the Taliban just waited for us to leave. I cant believe an army training for 20 years let their own country fall in days. Their president just gave up and left. I wish Biden would do the same. Biden needs to be impeached before more damage is done.  It's an embarrassment to the American people.
EVERYWHERE THE USA GOES, ENDS UP LIKE THIS, START A WAR, CANT WIN SO LEAVE, TRY ANOTHER PLACE, WHAT IS NEXT , THE VATICAN CITY, 800 SRTONG, SHOULD BE ABLE TO PUT THEM IN THEIR PLACE IN 5 YRS
All those lives lost from all the collision force and other countries tht parcipated in this fail campaign. Because of politicians, ordinary people had to die.
These people aren't like Americans . They have there own standards. Morals. Values. It ok. They dont have to be like the U.S.. just like Russia is different and Korean. We should have never engaged in their business........ Ashame so many Americans died over this mistake of the United States.
Well, the U.S. just needs to recover some assets real quick. Save who they can. And then move on. There's nobody speaking up. They've got no spirit. You can't pin that on any side. They're going to go back to what we consider weird rules for their women and lives. And the people there didn't believe/want it enough.
Coward leave his people behind. This is not called leader .
People still believes usa is a hero They invaded n now they left  Taliban fought for their right  Only if you are not Brain washed by west and anti national media propaganda
So majority of Americans have been saying to bring our troops back, stop mingling in foreign conflicts, stop spending so much on military conflict, leave them to fight their own battles for years now.  And now that we're doing it all those people wanna flip script and blame bidden, for what? I dunno. And now wanna keep our troops there to fight and waste even more money.  I think we've spent trillions of dollars and decades of time arming and training these militarys in the middle east so they can defend themselves.  Well now it's time for them to defend themselves.
he squirreled away his pile of u. s. funds and is off to his vacation mansion to retire in luxury. 😂😂😂
20 years in Afganisthan what kind of training have the US given to Afghan forces
Who’s next to be destroyed ! East Africa?
“They have the upper hand…” …. Lmao they have the COUNTRY.
First terrorist ruled nation in the world
This is a war between the Devil and it's clones. Why should we the rest of the humanity be concerned about it?
Ashraf Goney
GG
World’s fastest man 1 Ashraf Ghani 2 usain bolt.
I was watching another news intake covering this taliban movement, and one guy “said that president was only making those remarks because he was leaving the country” and now look what’s happening
America just wasted time, lives and tax payers money.  What an embarrassment!!
You should build a Ford factory in Kabul.
I just wanna know what the US was doing these last 20 years. Surely with all the aerial warfare they could’ve gotten rid of the Taliban in a week or so? Where did enough soldiers to take over Afghanistan come from. Why were they not slaughtered decades ago
Ghani to citizens “ dw my fellow citizens I am safe, thank you have a good day”
Suddenly Taliban become so civilized compare to those corrupted officials. Ghani don't even dare to take any responsibility from poor governance.
US leaves Afghanistan overnight. Ashraf: I like that
Indian media and afghan media was trying their best to save ghani government by fighting on internet day night by propaganda videos against Talibans but failed can't change fact afghan people don't accept US puppets there accept the reality that's the reason thousands of afghan soldiers surrounded
Balooney Peace process in Afghanistan.
President ghani too the afghan people ; Am okay don't be afraid
US knew Exactly what was gonna happen it probably was planned to have a new reason to go back. Just saying!
He rig the elections now he fled.
Things Fall Apart, The Center Cannot Hold!😢
These reassurance is to pacify the people, they will back to their ways soon enough mark my words.
Hmmm all the men look happy....the women not so much !
Al zajera and it's Qatar government are celebrating
Great Job USA Once Again!!! Korea, Vietnam, Lybia, Iraq, Afghanistan. Always destruction behind since WWII. Babylon the Great
A Grateful Thanks to Biden. It is a perfect revenge on George W. Bush.
Afghanistan is over for the US. Now to take on China!
Biden is the biggest mistake for American legacy... history will remember Americas coward behaviour how they deserted Afghanistan when they need help
Where is human rights and fair borders departments of the world Americans sold out country to terrorists and Pakistan is invading us for no reason. This whole world n its all governments are criminals of war n illegal war buisness.
Islam means peace
350.000 army surrendered Pakistan and talibhan are killed two superpower
Disgrace   you have no power and nobody cares what you say anymore. You should have be frontline fighying fight your army for  your country
Finally, l get to use the military for some real fighting.  U want a piece of me?  👴🔫👴💣👴💊👴💉
Arschraf ghandi is weak
Finally, the students (Taliban) are graduated. 😂
Now pay the price for religious extremism.
Coward President
Enjoy your theocratic sharia law dictatorship.
*"Don't underestimate Joe's ability to f--- things up."* -President Barack Obama
Left the country?... don't you mean Flee the country while leaving the people to fend for themselves.
The PRESIDENT is COWARD & TRAITOR!  How MUCH did he get from this DRAMA???? 🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑
How Taliban successful in their efforts . People want self respect ruled by their own people . Peace and Prosperity .
Allahu Akbar 👍👌✌️💪🤲🤲😭
The fall of kabul is iminant.
Hope  Afghanistan will be steady now a decade of war  can't bring no development at all hope  they realize that
Got on Snapchat maps and look at the stories…fighters are in the city -_-
If the President flees, might as well the army and police lay down their arms and surrender...not worth to sacrifice for the country anymore.
Every country gets the government it deserves.
Blinken looks like he's been indulging in that Afgan opium a bit too much.
It's a fall of super power, not Kabul.
Covid will be uncovered to be a giant fraud, just like this war or terror was
I wonder if NATO should have divided Afghanistan? Maybe have one half with the "cosmopolitan" cities like Kabul and let the Taliban have the other have with mostly remote villages. Maybe the Afgan army could have defended 1/2 of Afgan? IDK... it just seems like they should have come up with something rather than just turn and run letting the whole situation deteriorate into chaos.
🇦🇫🇦🇫💔💔💔😭😭
This is like North Vietnam had TAKEN OVER South Vietnam  Run Rabbits 🐇 🏃‍♀️
Taliban will flip on Pakistan at the end the artificial state of Pakistan will be dissolved. Pakhtunistan will revert to its motherland Afghanistan,  the other have will revert to India.  Most regional trouble will be solved,  peace and  prosperity will be restored and the Great Britain 🇬🇧 will continue to behave as Great Satan 👹
Unbelievable🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️
Terrorist spokesperson Al Jazeera is taking pride & some terrorist celebrating in comment section.
this a worst joke that the Vietnam fiasco.
After spending nearly a trillion dollars, killing millions of innocent people, America has lost yet another war.
Afghnistan was NOT responsible for the 9/11 attack on America.  Google • FREE BOOK "9/11 UNVEILED"  • 150,000+ sold/downloaded • 8 years in making, 1 hour read • NIXON's foreign policy advisor: "best short summary” • EVIDENCE: click section headings
Taliban ashamed the world's powerfull country USA only with kalashinkov.This is the 2nd USA's defeat after vietnam,it will continue.
Fake army
Afghanistan is the graveyard of super powers n their puppets
This is Ceding power not Transition of Power. US lost influence over a vast stretch of earth from Iran to Pakistan ; they proved their weakness of policy and non existent military might. They never had any goal or mission to achieve in Afghanistan or else they would have destroyed  the Capital of Terrorism which is not in Afghanistan. They failed to change socio-economic status of most Afghan people - in 20 years !
Pakistan And Afghanistan Wins Islam Zindabad
An utter weak, cowardly, and corrupt man!
Big F to tony
The US empire has done what it does best: create chaos, death and destruction plus stealing any resources along the way. GOOD RIDDANCE TO THE US EMPIRE
The U S should of never been in Afghan, it’s their country, it’s unfortunate that they are not fighting for their country, it’s sad the president of Afghanistan has fled his country.   The U S needs to get as many of the interrupters out as possible and get out.   No more U S nation building, we need to stay out of the Middle East.
More than anyone the women should have been evacuated .....
Righteous has won false has defeated
Women’s rights will be respected *sure* 😃👍🏽
Bush, Obama, Trump and Biden have all known for the last 15 yrs the war was unwinnable. They have known the whole time the Afgan govt down to the footsoldier and pretty much everyone in-between was corrupt. This is why 70000 Taliban smashed its way through 300000 Afgan soldiers. The Afgan "state " was always a black hole that consumed cash and it's military was less than half arsed. The US just classified the truth to try hide it.
This is what Israel does in palastine. Why world didn't talk about them. Taliban has done the same now reaction of entire world is different
Taliban lying on the face...... let the killing begin 😆
ofc he did  he left and whit 100-200 million usd usa bought him whit
Have I seen this movie before?
Taliban last seen in San Francisco harbour
Bagram air base light off and usa nato run  away from Afghanistan 20 year's long war 4 trillion dollar lost
The Talibans are saying is to the Afghan people those that want to leave Kabul we give them safe passage to leave but actually they will just deal with them later for theres no exit in Afghanistan all the borders are overrun by them and they want to minimize civilian casualties if the 3,000 US forces change their minds not to leave the Kabul airport cause the deal is complete pull out of US n NATO forces and they won’t settle for anything else they want to raise their flag on Ashar Ghani International Airport by the way Ashar Ghani the President just flew away from an undisclosed safe place leaving behind millions of his people at the mercy of The Talibans! So be it! If you can’t beat the Talibans people of Afghanistan just join them and follow their strict Sharia Law there will be no problem at least youll still be alive! Goodluck k!
VIETNAM COMES TO MIND JUST ANOTHER BAIL ON OUR SOLDGERS QUAGMIRE.
Nothing else he could do, he's finished.
They really made a bi** out of him And USA 😅🤣😂
Ha! The Taliban and Trump Cultists have a knack for sacking capitals. Maybe they are in cahoots?
usa is support Terioriest usa They Are Destroy Yemen libya sumaliya iraq etc
that if thou shalt confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus, and shalt believe in thine heart that God hath raised him from the dead, thou shalt be saved. Romans 10:9 KJV
Ghani was a stooge created by the goras, he may not be a muslim in actual.
This is awful. I hope no one is kidding themselves that this will be peaceful in any way. I get it. We’d been there too long. But there’s a right and wrong time. And a right and wrong way
We always knew this day would come
Wow... I was off by a month. My end of September deadline for the total take over of the country was tight as it was. The Taliban certainly took advantage of all equipment, munitions, men forced to take up arms or face death, and boy soldiers they seized in each district abandoned by Afghan Security forces. And yes I'm sure there were many men who joined them willingly in their march to the capitol, including many Afghan Security forces who either acted as double agents or switched sides for fear of harm to their family or death. The end of September deadline I had put forth included some resistance by Afghan Security forces. However, many cities simply opened their gates. It's only a matter of time before more terrorist attacks happen. As we remember those lost in America on 9/11, the Taliban will celebrate their victory over the Afghan government.   I feel awful for the vast majority of Afghans who oppose a terrorist group ruling them and destroying their country.
WITH    THE   PUPPET    🦜   GONE   -   NOW   BEGINS     ✅    THE    REAL    TOUGH   💪🏼      ‘TEST’    FOR     THE   TALIBAN    AND    THE   PEOPLE   OF   AFGHANISTAN   🇦🇫  VOICE    OF    THE    PEOPLE    IS    THE    VOICE   OF   GOD   👍
Il s'appuyait sur les usa. Ces derniers sont partis, Ghani est oblige de partir. On ne peut pas compter sur les occidentaux, ils n'ont pas d'amis. Ils sont des traitres.
Coward
Afghan Taliban zindabad Masha Allah
The world is very entertaining. Let's look forward for more entertainment.
Leaves? Its fleeing! Like a slimy coward!
USA run away
The Taliban are waiting for the UK and USA to evacuate personnel and once that's done and they leave...Then the games will begin.
Aljazeera's new master ordagan empty fires didn't make any change against Taliban advancement..  Even Butcher dostum also backed by Turkey..
I can't be the only person who noticed the striking similarities between this, and the fall of Saigon in 1975.  Did he give a televised anti-American screed before he left, like Thieu did then? This is part tragedy, equal part absolutely inevitable outcome.
Justice for Afghanistan
A coward President lead a buns of coward soldiers!!!!!
When will the US learn to mind its own affairs and stay out of the affairs of other countries? ex. Cuba.  Get your own house in order or you are going to end up in a civil war yourself.
Indian Loss Thier Mission Today .....15 August gift , they remember always
Te people of Afghanistan is seem very happy and enjoying the arrival of Taliban
!!!!
All these years of training those dudes and they hand over everything to the taliban
woo hoo
First Hezbollah is already rooting to take over the Lebanon, and now Taliban has his own country! Goodluck!
ARE YOU STUPID ,TALIBAN ARE IN CHARGE YOU STUPID MAN .
President Ashraf Gani to his army keep fitting  sorryI have to go☺️😄
COWARD…!!!!
What a suprise. The rats fleeing a sinking ship. Dont worry about the people who will be abused by these beasts.
Middleast going middleages
Their a captain not going down with his ship.
TALIBAN CAKEWALK!
He fulfills his duty. He was responsible for the handover of government to the taliban. Now another American will come to the power. One goes one comes
If the people of Afghanistan won't fight for their Freedom why should  America. Freedom isn't Free
The war was won 20 years later.
I have a wonderful idea..... Let everyone leave the country except the Taliban, then, get all up and personal with a Tactical nuclear strike. Send them back to the atoms that they were made from....
That is Trumps election ticket, if manages not be get cheated again
Asraf Gani Coward.🤑
US broke their record in Vietnam
Congratulation to Taliban
Soviet flee, US and Nato flee, try China...
Alhamdolila Masha Allah the Afghan Talibans the real representative's of Afghanistan people's are in Kabul 💗
Afghani should chase the ghani to india
India 🇮🇳 was the real mastermind behind killing and bombing in Afghanistan 🇦🇫 many will not believe me now but wait few years and see how the truth will be reviled
Biggest coward...Ashraf Ghani
Afghanistan isn't known as the graveyard of empires for nothing. 20 years ago it was predicted by some that sending U.S ground forces into Afghanistan would result in "an unwinnable counter-insurgency war in a hostile terrain against a people with a long history of resisting outsiders." Unfortunately not enough people listened. The ruling class are addicted to imperialism and certainly didn't listen. The war of terror had nothing to do with 'freedom' or 'democracy'. It was simply about power and resources for the ruling class - which is what the lives of soldiers, civilians and the Afghan people were sacrificed for. The reason the Taliban came to power in the first place is because of the Soviet-Afghan war (a trap set by the US to weaken the Soviet Union). The ruling class of the likes of the US and UK never cared about the people of Afghanistan or freedom, just their own selfish greed, as usual.
Ghani should've offered to surrender in a attempt to guarantee his soldiers safety.
Good job! Islamist! Hezbollah! Hamas!! Terror more idiots! Be glad idiots!
Worst US president ever and not even elected
The world is laughing at usa... 😂😂😂
US & West are typical; on what they are! They messed up there & left without any proper! Now those Afghans who are viewed as pro-West will be executed on broad light! Whereas Western who are there will be protected by taking them using helicopters,&safe exits!!!!  WEST is morally corrupted and greedy and cruel!
One of the biggest joke of 21st Century: - America in 2001: Talibans will pay a heavy price. - Ashraf Ghani and His Administration just few days ago: I'll protect my country till my last breath. - Indian PM Modi in 2016: While, inaugurating India-Iran-Afghanistan Transit Corridor through which they planned to counter Pakistan and China's CPEC Corridor and OBOR Initiative. Modi said huge and deep friendship words. Even Ashraf Ghani was happy at that time. They were trying to tease Pakistan and China. But, when Ashraf Ghani asked India for a help against Afghan Talibans Modi refused. 😂😂 Poor Ghani he didn't knew that Modi was a Good Actor too. Even America was trying to push India in Afghanistan for his own face saving. 😂  But one thing is appreciate able of PM Modi. He took right decision. India, America, Nato, Israel and Kabul Puppet Regime all of them had fought against Afghan Talibans and Pakistan for 20 years. But, the outcome of Afghan War is in the front of the world. India didn't wanted to fight Pakistan and Afghan Talibans alone in Afghanistan despite having 5 Million Army. So for helping Ashraf Ghani, Modi withdraw all of remaining Indian Soldiers, Raw agents, Diplomats and other Indians from Afghanistan. 😂😂   And, now Afghanistan is almost Free from Foreign Intervention and influence.
The killers of so many people , civilians and soldiers walk free on the streets , exactly how it happened with ISIS at the end.  I can't imagine how mothers and fathers of killed soldiers are filling watching this at news....
Super power 🏃‍♂️🏃‍♀️🏃‍♀️🏃‍♀️🏃‍♂️
Best way to beat  China is to get Taliban back on feet and powered them . Proxy war most likely China be the next country to get involved in Afghanistan
Remind me salahuddin deal.
No one can blame the Afghan government for surrendering. The lessons of Vietnam were never learned by the U.S.
Yeah he left the country alright…..He ran for his life to save his own skin while leaving the rest of the Afghans to be killed tortured and mutilated….And bidden woulda done the same thing…..Him and bidden must be buddies cuz they’re both so gutless and ignorant…..A real leader woulda went down fighting….20 years and trillions  of tax dollars all for nothing…….That’s the United snakes guv for ya…..
Finally terrorists have the entire country to themselves . What’s gonna happen now
Finally terrorists have the entire country to themselves . What’s gonna happen now
Where is trump when you need him
@ 8:57 - 911 was a 101% inside game to destroy the Islamic State of Afganistan. Don't play blame games.
This is so great, can't wait for the Chinese to come in and show the yanks how diplomacy works 🤣🤣🤣
Gotta love the Taliban trying to sell a “peaceful transition of power” lol
With the current speed, Taliban will capture the Capitol in the next 72 hrs. Kkkkk
.............the hunter biden sure knows how to give dad some good advice!
India 🇮🇳 was supporting weapons to taliban and 🇦🇫 afghsoldiers spreading disturbance in Afghanistan 🇦🇫
How can he be a leader?? Scary puppet of US
America +uk+ussr+canada+india+etc.etc= or less than =Taliban. The most expensive battle lost
Today I got happy to ALLAH ( s.w.t) to show you his greatest power to so-called superpowers.....
WE ARE FACING GREATER TREAT THAN TALIBAN AND IT IS CHINESE COMMUNIST PARTY WE NEED TO UNITE ALL OUR STRENGHT TO FIGHT COMMUNISM LIKE IN THE EIGHTIES, REMEMBER RAMOBO VOVIES>> AND WE MUST TURN TALIBAN AS OUR ALLIES...TO FIGHT WITH US TO FREE TIBETANS UIGHURT AND ALL CHINESE PEOPLE UNDER SIEGE BY COMMUNISTS..WE NEED TO SHUT DOWN CONCENTRATION CAMPS IN CHINA WE NEED TO STOP SLAVERY...
Pray for the innocent
The Taliban has no need to negotiate. Not when their enemy is in full retreat and all their objectives have been acheived.  Its over. 20 years of blood and treasure all for zip
This clown 🤡 is one of the biggest reason the country is in the state that it is in now and the the lost of (perhaps the only) chance the people of Afghanistan to have freedom and democracy…. No country should take this guy (and his millions) in and just left he and his coney to the fate of Taliban…. He stole millions while the people suffer. He must pay!!!
The country is in a free fall
Pray that President is safe, n Afghanistan good people c better days.
What a bunch of cowards! Afghan army reminds me of democrat voters that expect the U.S. government to take care of them. What a bunch of losers they all are
Very brave move...
Taliban is changed whatever the mistake they committed in the past. It ll b the best in the world, we ll witness it Inshallah, must give them a chance. They were not involved in 9, 11 but USA destroyed the country. Peaceful negotiations at that moment must b followed in the past so the Afghanistan wouldn't face such a condition as of today.
Don't trust Taleban and don't trust USA.
Usain bolt: I'm fastest in world Ashraf ghani: Hold my beer buddy!
Important Anoucement!!!  President Ashraf Ghani has opted for                      "WORK FROM HOME"
No super power only super coward looser super power
Vietnam defeat is replaying in Kabul. US has lost another war after 20 years with $ trillions  wasted and thousands of soldiers killed while only the defense industry has made profits.
If the people want free they have no choice but to fight I can only see this happening
যারা আল্লাহর রাস্তায় যুদ্ধ করে,তারা বিজয়ী হবে,যার প্রমাণ তালেবান
only thing changed is the osama bin ladan is dead .
Khilafah is coming
So much for people telling that USA failed in Afghanistan but infact US was the only reason Afghans were enjoying freedom and democracy. Matter of the fact its the complete inefficiency and  competence of Afghan forces which led to incomplete victory. Once Nato gone Afghanistan fell into pieces you can't even count it.
This is good let one team rule instead of fighting... USA and western just want fighting to continue and Afghanistans die
I fear for Afghani peoples when their leader RUNS AWAY when the heat is on & it will be a given that his overseas bank accounts will be nice & fat with aid monies from the west.
🤣🤣🤣The title of this video make me crazy.🤣😂
Ghani is now Gone-ee
Im sad for the 1000's of western soldiers who lost their lives fighting for the people of Afghanistan so they could lead nicer lives, but now it appears they wanted to wallow in the values of a medieval religion after all.
No surprise here at all. Things are about to get much worse.
Alhamdulellah
If anyone wanted proof USA superpower Imperialism is dead & buried … this is IT ! Kicked out by a rag tag bunch after 20 years of wanton destruction, trillions of $$ and millions of death. USA-West-NATO achieved NOTHING-Zilch - Nada ! 👎
Look I know US suffered a defeat in Afghanistan but why are Indians so anxious?
Trump was class
I think this is responsibility of America. While they left from ofghanistan Taliban overcome. Actually America create the problem and left without permanent solution.
The recent Qatar meeting marks a wellcome ceremoney for Taliban.
I pray for the people...
"Women's right's will be respected" Totally, Last thing you heard before you were disrespected
Is just going to be like Iran with less hostility towards the west if and only if they don't get involved in their political process. As I said just sit back and wait. The best way to deal with a true Muslim is straightforward and honest talk, not the type of political back door talking the west tend to do.
Allah u Akbar ,,, faith won and technology lose ,, Taliban and Muslim faith people all Afghanistan congrat
Seems like this will be a ISIL part 2. 10 years after Iraq and Syria, now Afeganistan.
FREEDOM!!!!!
Trillions of dollar wasted by world. Every country participated in rebuilding afghanistan. Loss of lives and time and economics
If Donald trump is still the president this might not happen
going into Afghanistan to hunt down bin laden initially made sense, the aftermath seemed unavoidable
Hussain boult defeated to asraf ghani
Alzazeera: 😀😀🎉🎉👍
Well done usa
Women's Rights? The Taliban believe women have no rights so yes in their eyes the women will have the rights they the Taliban recognise so No women's rights.
Your own country, you can not protect from the enemy, who can ?
This guy had an option to die in Afghanistan as a national hero for many and run like an cowered he choose the former.
We have to realize USA overthrew fully functional Taliban govt, thinking they can create another South Korea, Japan but Taliban kept them on their toes.  They are going to taste the victory soon.
Opiate lawsuits are in full force. Biden: time to leave the poppy fields I mean Afghanistan.
This is terrible for the Afghan people but the American government is being run by a very ignorant person who has been in DC for 47 years and hasn't accomplished anything!!!! This is not a surprise....BIDEN IS A FAILURE
پ‌وخ
Greatest victory for the Taliban Commanders Forces over USA empire ✌️✌️✌️
Useless Afghan army . Cowards .They had modernised and better weaponary. And more.boots. Forget them . They always expect the West to help them now . Enough
Now, do you believe that war in Afghanistan was a business venture? It's no more profitable, hence the abandonment.
Terrorist sympathetic channel. They supported Osama Bin Laden, Hamas and now Taliban. We should ban this channel.
Typical politician... Well guys... Good luck, all that sovereignty fancy politic mumbojumbo I said, I ain't mean it... BYE!
Help Afganistan 🇦🇫 Kabul ya Allah 🙏
It reminds me of the end of Saigon
They have lived in caves in their own home land hunger disease war also they have lost a lot family friends neighborhood  But finally won
What a disaster they open up the border stop the building of the wall then he helps terror groups by leave in millions of military equipment behind for them to commit a genocide the cartel and Taliban love joe Biden
Ghani his so called vice president along with security advisor are a real dogs. Taliban took over the country with the help of real afghan people not NRI Afghans who are just keyboard warriors. Shame on US and its Allies, They are  killers of so many innocent Afghans.
I wonder how all the reporters will get out of Afgan in time. Maybe they should all be evacuating now.
The Afghan officials and police were corrupt from top to bottom. At least the government officials will end up escaping to London townhouses. What a waste of our resources. Obama should have pulled out the week after we bagged Osama.
Ghani is in the US and changed his name to Bob Smith
Indeed ashraf ghani was an American and left afghanistan with his American passport.
He acted like a rat, running away to probably Doha or some European country.
Naw the allies gave it to them to create another boogie man.  Also stoking cov id to use mail in ballots .....again.   these elites are as predictable as the sun rise.
USA has supported Chinese nationalist party, now hide in Taiwan. 🇹🇼  USA has supported south Vietnam, now has collapsed. 🇺🇬 USA has supported Afghan government.  🇦🇫
Did he left his people behind?????
The Americans and Europeans came and destroyed Afghanistan, now they are leaving afghanistan in the hands of Afghans who didn't even contribute in destroying their own country. Sad World
Fall of Saigon one more time. Helicopters from the roofs.
It becomes Saigon 2.0 History Repeated Again.
"Afghanistan is a graveyard for empires" I think that land is graveyard for everyone.
No one should die over a country filled with goats and rocks
And now US want a fight with China. Hope you all can imagine the result.
Peaceful community
Now women will be more empowered in Afghanistan...😂😂
The taliban have taken a leaflet out off Genghis Khans notebook in torturing and gouging government soldiers eyes out early on in the rout …this is what happens to you when you resist …….seems to have worked…..
No wonder. He probably didn't want to get killed like Najibullah
oh wow this is going to be an interesting turn out.....he pulled out like he was scared.
Just see afghan soldiers who were trained by india.
Oh dear.
The situation resembles the Conquest of Mecca ..“DO NOT LOSE HOPE, NOR BE SAD. YOU WILL SURELY BE VICTORIOUS IF YOU ARE TRUE BELIEVERS.” (3:139)
Strarted the new Era of darkness in Afghanistan
looks like "Elvis" has left the building
Sounds of war it’s part of the political game they play from ministration to ministration I laughed at the Afghan army they stand for nothing they will have nothing they deserve the right to die but ignorance and I’m billet he to team their own people of the country cowards they are you must fight and die for your freedom not allow your freedom to be taken from the blood hands of another army reserve the righteous hand that is given to you in the blood of Christ take the wisdom and push on where you forward yourself to the righteous man of the hand the sword bleed as you die in faith  under your own
No need to worry America would have been took power of Afghanistan to get control of China.
Biden’s “great vision” of America’s role in world 🌎 on full display
The afghanis trust is much on the Talibans than the Puppet regime!!
all episodes of the first season finished and a new season will be started
Taliban gives gift to india today by taking over last province kabul on independence day of india 😭😭
Looks like  Covid 19 is a nothing burger in Kabul or in any part of Afghanistan.
America responsible for this crisis Shamelss Rogue Country America
Taliban
Get ready for the next wave of terror attacks, those prisoners should have never been kept alive.
USA suck the Afghan
what a coward.....he's let his people down terribly
Biden has sure made a mess of this.
Congratulations Talibani 💪👍
Hahahah
I hope Europe is ready for a flood of Afghan refugees
Still western propaganda about women in Afghanistan. For the past 20 years what USA and Afgan puppet governments have done to women and children. 20 years of rule US and NATA how many women and children, in hundreds of thousands killed. The doesn't speak. You lost war go, go why bother about women rights.
Airport under fire American people told to hide embassy evacuations have stopped.and hiding Biden is in his basement.
Corroupted hypocrite Ashraf Ghani has not leave the country but flee away from his country like a thefe and left afgan people behind alone.
I am surprised, what kind of training USA has provided to Afghan Army, they couldn't resist even for a month. USA need to re-think on their capabilities.
Rumsfelds shock n awe war theory didn't work huh. Billions wasted.
What's UN doing?  Busy Drafting any Resolution against Isreal.
Bro just let the taliban take over all Afghan, those who support them stay those who don’t leave. Once they take over nuke the country. Simple
Goodbye Ashraf ghani..
Abandoned by the leader. It happens again and again.  Every time. Send your boys to their death. Tell them lies. Abandon them to save your own skin. And oh yes rob the country of its wealth as you leave.
Hamid Karzai has remain behind. Has Karzai not learned the lesson and fate from 1996 which his predecessor was horribly killed.
I agree with the fake president time to get out, I just find it sad that the state department and military are looking so unprepared for what would happen, I guess if your more worried about diversity and sharing bathrooms it makes perfect sense that important stuff would fail, what a disgrace I hope the actual 50 million voters for biden are shaking their heads
Biden is making Taliban great again.
And the next president of USA= Ashraf Ghani.
So many people with comments based on very little actual knowledge. Afghanistan - its government -  WANTED, asked for (pled for) outside assistance. The US was part of an international coalition; they were not alone in responding. The EU was a major part of it. Korea was there, numerous international nations were present.  FYI - some who make statements that the US is leaving because there are no resources to exploit - completely ridiculous statement. The US was the biggest financial contributor to the endeavor, losing probably in excess of one trillion dollars. Incidentally, China was involved directly with Afghan governance in Afghanistan - ripping them off in deals for their minerals, which they have. Of course, not one drop of Chinese blood shed. TO blame the US for this is just dumb, although Biden's (really, his party's) withdrawal plan is completely ridiculous. I spent a year there a decade ago, and it was evident that this international attempt was doomed to fail, ultimately. The majority of the people probably don't even see Afghanistan as a country; it remains tribal. People associate with their region. The corruption was and is unfathomable. The majority remain Islamic fundamentalists, meaning they don't agree with, say, empowering females. The Taliban ae not fighting their way to power; they are simply rolling into neighborhoods, towns, cities, to quiet citizens or cheering citizens.  Time to let them find their way; let them choose their destiny. The good during the 20 years? Well, females enjoyed being allowed to go to school, for one.
Bye bye Ghani, that's the end of western puppets. Enjoy your refugee status.
US must realize that how it's greedy ways lead to end of Russia's occupation of Afghanistan Russia would have been great for the stability & prosperity of  Afghanistan  Islamists  will teach even more lessons to greedy US and a greedy present US President Biden.
Saigon pro max
Taliban is world's greatest superpower of all time: defeated both the russians and the US.
America stay away from Ethiopian internal matters
Sounds of war
WTF! Is going on?
Coward escape
Afghans should grab weapons defend their country with their lives and stop rely on foreign troops to give their lives for you.
Trillion dollars 💵 tax wasted
haha they're saying -"nobody knows how this transition process is gonna play out". Oh yes! everyone knows, THEY'RE GONNA WIPE THEM OUT!
So much for the "world's police force".
taliban first application of human rights taking people out of prison....😂😂 they are better then west lmao
So called Biden Sayed sorry Afghanistan people 😢😢
👍🏿
Instead of spending 3 trillion in war, America could do better in Afghanistan with this money without fight!
Afghanistan will never have a secure country if its army never shows the will to fight. No amount of training, support and equipment will work, if troops are not brave enough to fight for their people.
Wuss
Don't be too harsh on the former president..he probably  had a separate bidet in the presidential bathroom.
And this is why Afghanistan will fail. Not 1 person is willing to give up their life fighting for FREEDOM, including its President. You will al stay slaves in the 20th century. You have created this reality for yourselves. NOT AMERICA!
And this happened on Indian Independence day?
The least President Bush can do is offer safe Haven to this man
na na na na, na na na na, hey hey hey, goodbye
It seems that there wasn't a government in Afghanistan. America occupied the country and held it together while Afghan government officials pocketed salaries.
Ashraf ghani ran away like rats.... this situation also justifies a propaganda video released by afghan government that taliban bombed while he was praying.. lmao he ran away even when taliban didn’t enter imagine him not scared of bomb while praying 😂🤣
Blinken and the whole biden administration is a liar. They will be remembered by this biggest blunder.  Joe is saying that now we have to focus on China but in actual they give the china green path to expand its influence over the region and access to the central asia.
Ha ha ha puppet of US.
The new america: Land of the abandoner Home of the quiter Vietnam 2.0
America has lost the credibility of  world community .....Now no faith on America
Biden and blinken tom and Jerry
Pakistan's students outfoxed the U.S. both on the battlefield and on the negotiation table!
USA and its NATO members alliance should announce knightly, surrender to  the Taliban forces and not leaves Afghanistan irresponsibly. The war for around 30 years that has been launched by US forces and its alliance NATO members has made the Taliban stronger !
Let's hope now the war ends and people of afghanistan lead a productive and happy life
Honestly, I don't know who is wring nor wrong in both side. My prior, as long there's no civilians get hurts it's fine. It's there country to be solved.
Such a coward
Remember when the Republicans said we should "trust the president' 20 years ago when he decided to launch these wars, and that anyone who didn't support them was unpatriotic? LOL
The day they radicalised Islam all over the world with the help of US/UK .....   WORLD IS DOMED
It didn't take long for him to tuck tail and run away.
Kicked  India, India, India OUTOUT OUTOUT OUT😀😃😄😁😆😅
We will demolish Taliban within Thre months- Jorge Bush😂😂😂😘😂😂
Ghani : "They aren't going to Moise me!"✈️🏃💨
Impossible to defeat Afghanistan another great empire falls
AAAAAAAAAHAHAHAHAHAHAH ‼️🤣🤣🤣🤣🤪 So Pathetic ❗ AAAAAAAAAHAHAHAHAHAHAH ‼️🤣🤣🤣🤪
US biden should send in 200000 foot soldiers with B52s F35 f22 f15 f16 f18 c130s...
I am shocked I tell you, shocked. Who could have expected this?
The Taliban are lieing I seen a woman who said the Taliban killed her sons and married off there wife's to taliban fighters.
Can't wait to see the Taliban's Flag floating over the Us embassy
what a coward
such a coward and bullshit govt.... they handed over whole country as a gift to these butchers....
its not in americas interest so no need to waste time again. let afghanistaan enjoy. threat to america now is not that much , now pakistaan china should think how to deal with them
🇺🇸 USA’s boy
All thanks to Amelica
Want all my buddies from the early 2000s who argued going into Afghanistan was a good idea to call me.
US government and military complex have change their target to Somalia and other poor nations now. It's amazing how successful Western government and Western media are in brainwashing people from Asia, Africa and Latin America. They literally kept Africa poor so that they can exploit them.
Leaving your people to fend for themselves, Coward. Face your uncertainty by the sides of your people like a man.
This is a BIG FAILURE. How can they lose like this? This will be a big military lesson for decades to come.
If anyone is not an extremist then he is a corrupt and coward. Almost everyone has same mentality regarding Women, foreigners and Minorities. The only differences between pro and anti Taliban are beards and burqa. Watch video in which a woman was lynched by civilized civilians of Kabul.
germans : Blitzkrieg is ours !  pashtun Talibans : hold my Kalashnikov German
Best diplomates!West,India propaganda to defame Taliban nd Islam will fail!
Since Thousands of years islamic history till nowadays, victory of wars come from the imaan only. We all should come to the path of imaan
It's not a peaceful transition it's forcefully occupied by terrorist group n it's not good for others democratic country it's create a bad example for other terrorist group let's see what happens with afhganistan people n how their freedom n what about their basic rights especially for women
Religion of peace being peaceful ☠️
Its the fall of saigon all over again.
Probably, he has put his fortune into dollars or euros at a foreign account and bought a air plain ticket to a nice home in a foreign country in secret while he is saying "I will fight the Taliban"
Peaceful transition of power??? How tf did we get there
The Taliban will be hosting the 2021 Gay Olympics  It will commence with the 100m Dash, tied to a Toyota Pickup but the crowds are looking forward to the Long Jump from the tenth floor followed by casting of stones.
And say, "Truth has come, and falsehood has departed. Indeed is falsehood, [by nature], ever bound to depart"
Worst President in history ever...who leaves his people... For money.. What a shame!!! That's why it was a cake walk for Taliban
Well Biden who is brainless and cackling hyena Harris Plus big media and big tech lying to our face and not acknowledging the immigration crisis, inflation, the out-of-control crime And now this. So they will send US soldiers there to fight for watch God help them.
I find it hard to believe the talibans claims
Leaving his people alone when they need him the most to make a decision for everyone safety.
Modern day rats don't go down with the ship
I remember George Bush in 2001 Saying “We are ready to fight for 10 years”. Well, 20 years wasn’t enough!!
From the comments you can see some specific people are having fun in this crisis. No prize for guessing their identity.
Remember that democrat registered voters are responsible for the fall of Afghanistan as Biden is.
no more money should be spent. all money spent on rebuilding efforts all wasted.
Us run away and leave those afghans who helped them, the us promise that bring freedom, never trust USA
The US already knew that the Taliban we're going to take over the country that's why they got the f*** out it's a war that they can't win
Haha what a coward! 🇦🇫💩
So the "plan" ghani had was RUN and don't look back? What a debacle! Congratulations United States, Afghanistan is now a 'democracy'
Taliban is just like flash ...  RIP ashraf puppet
Give the people back their land and let them rebuild back to world leader
We did it reddit!
Hopefully things workout peacefully.... Talibans Shown maturity .... All the World's drumbeats about Talibans  went out of windows .... I believe  Talibans will honor thier words about women's rights... education..... and most importantly not let anyone to use their land against anyone.
Now Afghanistan is the land of martyr Osama Bin Laden. Every person is the part of nature.  Every thing has its day at least for once. The fact that primarily it the nature that  controls  every thing.
as always coward leader leaves his people.
Rob's forehead is really distracting
They went out cuz want to prove again for islam=_religion
Our soldiers were there 20 years ago to get bin laden that was there mission . Mission completed 20 years is a long time to be in another country away from your loved ones .
Washington wasted 20 years with lives and over a trillion dollars but Afghan can't defend themselves rich by US tax payers money.  US is facing bigger threat right now thus it can't afford to waste another trillion dollars and lives for hopeless war which Afghans are not willing to give their lives to defend themselves.  If its not meant to be then its not meant to be.  Washington can't change Afghans, they have to change themselves.  This should have been done by Trump but he extended hopeless war and trying to punish ally like S Korea which spend more money than Japan and has 7 million trained troops ready to fight against N Korea or China.  Japan only has 250k troops which without the US or S Korean help they are hopeless like Afghans against 8 million N Korean troops or over 10 million Chinese troops.
This is called the help of Allah ... Victory without even a fight ... Same will happen to my occupied Kashmir in sha allah ...
Taliban have a Twitter account and trump is banned 😂
It's biden fault why he pull out the soldiers in the afghanistan on 9/11 bombing anniversary now the chaos in afghan by taliban regime begun...
I have fought jihad before and I am still ready inshallah
Shaheen, now that is word salad. He most definitely has been educated and trained by American bureaucrats and or politicians.
All American citizens should make it be known they won’t accept lies and false patriotism for another endless skirmish that does nothing but line the pockets of defense executives and generals
Americans should have sent zero boots on grounds , but carpet bomb for a whole year non stop. And again later if they forgot they should not leave their caves in broad daylight.
Mission accomplished, objectives met; Defense Contractors, Haliburten and BlackWater cuddling their billion dollars war gains. This was a profitable war, now on to the next one.
New transitional government between Both sides Afghanistan Governor and Taliban groups
WTF, never trust politicians, they are only good on using mouth but have a chicken heart. No wonder the Afgan soldiers gave up easily when they have cowrd leader.
thx to the change of presidential guard willing to lend a pack of cigs to their ex country man
Americans lost like Vietnam.  This time even Russian didn't intervene.  Why American tax payers pay so much tax to maintain such forces which runs away
Let the events in Afghanistan end well. Otherwise, it is clear that ordinary people will suffer
While drinking a martini
No surprise there then tell me what did the west expect they would switch to this wonderful Democracy over night. Vote for Clowns you get the Circus.
I bet he stole millions of dollars before he left!!
The ultimate winner of this war Toyata SUVs and Honda bikes, and the loser is  Murikan Humvees ... hahahahhaa
All the equipment left behind was Americas way of paying compensation to the Taleban
My god it is so fast , The US only leave Maybe 20 days and afgan Fall...
Now you can order mandatory vaccination over there 👴🏻😂😂
Petter you are genius person to throw light on fresh stories.
Ghani is a complete coward
The irony is that Ashraf Ghani was an anthropologist before he became a politician, now he gets to see what life is like in 7th century Afghanistan from the comfort of his hotel room in Tajikistan, (edit: now UAE)
I feel like the USA is trying to get this afghanistan thing done as fast as possible to focus on other countries
Congz taliban...thou I wish u could be modern,U shouldn't take people in stone age!
so the us puppet ghani runs.....awesome
I fear the precursor when the USSR vacated Afghanistan in February 1989, and then it collapses on December 26, 1991. Things are happening in America, caveat!
Taliban were like: Look Maa no hands!
I will protect my people n provide security from my CIA yahtch
All this talk about 'talks' has been overtaken by events. Why should the Taliban want talks when they now control it all? Granted they will want some sort of legitimacy, but are coming from a position of great strength and have tremendous leverage in the process that if anyone is entertaining 'power sharing' you will be disappointed!
Why do I have the feeling that the first country to recognize the new Taliban government will be China?
America's puppet
Only those who have reasons to be worried are worried and panicked.
Pakistan is so happy now because afganistsn is new colony of China...
امروز  یکشنبه تاریخ 15-08-2021 روزی که طالبان وحشی وارد پایتخت کشورم شدند 😥 چرا این همه سال ها بدبختی و جنگ ، گناه من و امسال کسانی که مثل من در خارج از کشور متولد و بزرگ شدند چیست 😥🇦🇫😥
Subhanallh Mashalla
20 years in the making a lost cause, absolutely nothing is gained, our money for someone else to enjoy.
Finally, Islam win, ummat win, Afghan win, Dignity of Afghan once again Win
Has a rumor, when President Nguyen Van Thieu left the country in 1975, he tried to bring 16 tons of gold with him, but failed. I wonder how much money this President will bring.
ماشاء اللّٰہ الحمد اللہ
Anyone with above room temperature IQ knew this was going to happen. The Afghan security forces were ineffective, underpaid and had many underlying issues. The American agencies knew we had to leave and were hoping this house they built out of cards and glue would hold.
The western countries especially US, Canada and Europe should start taking the people who are needy or i.e., the ones who are fleeing persecution into their countries.
What a gong show. All this brain power and this is where the world ends up. I feel sorry for the innocent.
Good work Biden
Afghan President ,,, Don't worry men Im right behind you.  1000 miles behind you 🤣🤣🤣🤣
America's longest war....brought to you by Toyota.
puppet flees lol
New Usain bolt Ashraf Ghanni
Some leader he is soon as the 💩 hits the fan he runs straight to the airport 😂🤣😂
Afghanistan is going to be a terrorist heaven, and its only a matter of time before they try 9-1-1 again
Typical hyping and pumping up of the story by the media. Russian Embassy staying put. No plans to evacuate as no imminent danger in sight.
I have asked the defense minister to take in charge of security of the afghans as we will continue to fight till we repel the talibans. NB: all the above will be achieved when I'm back from holiday in the Caribbean.
Wow. This will really make US look weak. Hope none of our enemies take advantage of that. All kinds of horrible things will happen now that these terriosts have taken over. Feel sorry for the innocent ones.
Get ready for more refugees Europę
SAIGON, SAIGON,SAIGON, SAIGON,, SAIGON😀😃😄😁😆🤪🤪🤪
Memories of the fall of Saigon.  USA is defeated again 🤣🤣🤣
China has already recognized the Taliban as the legitimate government and will now mine the country for all the minerals it can extract.  Russia, same deal, they'll mine the north. Violent-radical Islam will now be exported around the world unchecked.
The guy hitting the buttons on his phone was a nice touch.
After 20 years: Where did the Taliban come from, caves?!
Post 1945 the US just can't finish a job.
About time this war ends. The US was just delaying the inevitable Taliban victory
Let's goo.. we stand with the Talibaans !!!!! ✊✊
President Ashraf Ghani to Talibans..  Yesterday: We are ready to share power with Talibans   Today: Ok fine.. You take power.. I am leaving.. Goodbye.
All refugees are welcome in Sarajevo !!! Welcome brothers !
Not leave  Run away Ashraf Gani
What a Coward and a puppet
A success story ! Of course , a success story for Taliban , a long and hard fought battle against the infidels.
American puppet Ashraf Ghan runs away with tail between its leg
Lol, he Ted Cruzed.
Hahaahahaaha
a week ago ashraf ghani said that he will crush the taliban  but he ran away  he was puppet
ISI LOVE 💘
America is a territorist state they have killed Millions of people shame on you US
This is the problem with Afghanistan! Weak leadership!!!!!! Don’t blame America for the spineless ways of the Afghans!
I wonder if the Taliban got double jabbed?
I am mostly worried for the women in this country under Taliban control. Women and girls finally had the chance to get an education, which the Taliban cannot take away from them. I hope they are able to continue to educate girls out of their homes.
The US and NATO finished their job very well with a stern message of eliminating the head of the terrorist regime responsible for killing thousands of innocents. The top members of this rouge talibani regime understand this perfectly that the US will return should they allow their land be used against the USA and the allies. The US has a more powerful hostile nation to tackle for now, a communist and suppression filled regime. As a country, the USA eliminated their main targets will proving results and stern future warnings. The rebuilding of Afganistan as a nation can be debated.  The world very much needs the US to lead it, the communists yet not qualify for the leading job.
Taliban are left with a bunch of military equipment and weapons paid by the US citizens. This is the outcome of those 20 years.
🇧🇩🇧🇩❤️💚
Once again we saw American and British don’t care about people , only they want to see their benefits , exactly like this they did in 1979 removed shah from Iran and gave the country to mollas
Why tailban releasing isis when tailban fighting them
Captain left the sinking ship before anyone.
The master can’t beat the Taliban how could a student beat Taliban???
Biden: "The Taliban wont come into power after we leave." Also Biden, 10 days later: "Please give us time to evacuate before you take over."
I expected this, the army has been deserting even when the US forces were there
It is the repetition  of SAigon😀😃😄😁😆😅🤪😝🤑🤤🤠
This Saigon happening all over again
Shame on you Afghans! Only 60.000 Pashtun Talibans fu… you up!
Taliban took a huge W on the Kabul% category of the Afghanistan Takeover speedruns
😂😂😂 please don’t tell me Ashraf Ghani was a CIA agent
Right decision in right direction. Let peace prevail. End to US regime change and occupation Era. US has learned a lesson. It was warned before talaban was a wrong button Bush pressed.
America is the real culprit to be blamed. Whether it is Libya, Iraq or Afghanistan what they left to the people is anarchy and brutality. The history shows that this Taliban is the brain child of US. They don’t want Muslim countries to live in peace. They use their own religion to subjugate them.
Hahaha
Shame on biden and ghani 😬
What a coward
Why didn’t president Ghana stay and try to work with Taliban to at least preserve some rights for for his people???
Look at that taliban guy on thumbnail he know what trigger finger discipline is he's trained as a professional  :D
This guy is a joke. can't the U.S find anyone else as a puppet?
So whats the difference between the Taliban and US Qanon Trumplican Conservatives cause I don’t see much.
Afghanistan itself wouldnt survive under Taliban for long period. It may soon suffer from civil war like lebanon. Pakistan itself is looking for funds to run its own government. In such case ,how come pakistan is going to assist Taliban's Afghanistan?Will Talibans respect their women's freedom?Will they takeaway women's rights and make them as slave again?How International community is going to recognise this rogue regiment? Do Talibans really have administration skills?Great empires such as Roman,Mongol,Persian and modern day Soviet union,Ottoman were fallen due to poor administration skills.Will Afghans end up like them?How are they going to charter future course for Afghanistan?How will Talibans improve their economy from opium depended to normal ones like other nations?Are Talibans gonna end up as biggest Joke of 21st century just like Its ally Pakistan?
Wonder when we will learn that you can inspire people to take charge of their own lives when they are so different culturally than we are. They don’t have the drive to want freedom. These folks need to be ruled that’s all they know. Not every people are like Americans.
Alhamdulillah ✌️❤️
Graveyard of Empires
Biden has failed and proven he is the worst president of America
He left while his people are getting killed. What a shame
what a shame man he always says that i am lion he have no courrage  even  women are  brave in afganistan then there mans afghan army is wrost army ever  they are fail to defend there homeland and now blaming the neibouring countries
US mission in Afghanistan was to prevent another 9/11 type attack, but how? By denying a safe haven for organizations like Al Qaeda to prepare such an attack. To eliminate the safe haven, they had to eliminate Taliban. Now Taliban is back and brings the safe haven with them. So by withdrawing and allowing Taliban to return, they fail the 20 year mission automatically.
Where is the free Palestine army?where is free Kashmir army?
Imagine if all those analysts and spies work hours spent against Taliban were instead used against China or Russia, it would have benefited USA more. Imagine those 2+ trillion dollars spent on the war spent somewhere else where USA is clearly lacking like infrastructure or health care, maybe Texas would have had still electricity during their freeze. Imagine all those dead thousands of NATO soldiers who died for nothing, on top of that we also have tens of thousands of dead unofficial mercenaries from all over the world who we will never know how many there are or from which families they come.  It is also funny how media uses words in their reports no matter from which country: USA and Ghani do not "run" but they "pull out" or just "leave". Taliban are part time farmers who got AK47s and they managed to bring the world powers of NATO to their knees with the whole world, being fooled by US lies and propaganda, against them diplomatically and politically. Still they didn't care and continued because they had a higher reason to live for in this world: their nation, pride and values.
This is truly Saigon news reel ! What was US achievement? ZERO..
Coward leader, nothing can say more
💪🦁Taliban ☝️❤✌
This reporter is so naive ...!!!???
God Save Afghan innocent peoples
it's Islam's true.l face Taliban
Mcc in nepal should be banned forever cause 🇺🇸 is not a nation to be trusted as u can c plz don't include Vietnam/Korea E. T. C. Sorry 🙏 cause I'm from 🇳🇵if I'm wrong then ur free to dislike me 1st constitution of USA free speech
Ghani: Guys wait I'm going to washroom for a while  Guys: Sir, why are you in airplane washroom ??
What a joke at the cost of human life.
He has left for the beheading to start
An embassy at the airport...... Hahahaha!
What a f...in president is that
I never thought afghan army can be so coward along with their head.. I used to thnik both side will fight till the last breath.. but its not like that all the stories which I was told about afghan were utter nonsense.. they are no better than pakistan army who surrendered 93 thousands soldiers in 71 war
So your telling me whilst the Americans/British and every other evading nation was in afganistan, the taliban we're rebuilding the taliban to take over the country, big success that is America well done
Spreads faster than delta variant Oh yes its the Taliban
At this rate even Biden has started having a beard just incase.
who voted this man?
"Left the country'? oh like the US "left" Saigon. propaganda at its best
Happy independence day to Afghanistan
What did people expect? Local leaders to fight to the death just to save American pride, as the Americans leave? They’re mire rational than that…
Omg. How fast they fall.  What weakness did u.s. teach that government they helped put in place?
Amazing the different narrative from different media outlets. Either way this what the Afghans want.
Alhumdulillah summa Alhumdulillah ❤️ Islam Zindabad ❤️ Afghan Mujahedeen Zindabad 👍
What else can be expected from corrupt and cowards.
Pentagon: Taliban can take Kabul in 6 months. Media : The Kabul is about to Fall in 3 months Taliban : You people under Estimated us we will Take kabul in 3 weeks.
I’m Irish ☘️ and this is America fault again there fukers
What If Taliban Hijacks Planes? You Know What I Mean...
All the Taliban supporters all over the world,,, says "TAKE BEER" for this victory and this will be recorded in their War Religious list for their next generation to show how powerful they are against their enemies.
So once again the govt leaves with all the money we gave them.
20years wasted all for nothing llet it be lesson
World 🌎 have to welcome shariya
Biden has taken the worst decision. He does not seem fit to run a superpower like America. America needs a younger and bolder leader than Biden. He has finished the future of Afghanistani women. God know what American public saw in him when they voted for him.
Afghan President did the Houdini act. His last message : I'll be back. Don't cry for me Argentina
Afghan masses fully support Taliban and condemn corrupt mafia of Ashraf Ghani regime
So in other words the Afghan and the United States have lost the war
The speed of the Afghan “government” capitulation only reaffirms that getting the F out is the only correct thing to do.  A foreign power would never be able to conquer West Virginia either.
Best advertisement of 2021 from afganistan goes to. Toyota🚖 and land cruiser.
Bollywood hero ashraf ghani say .. The ISI  tea is very fantastic
اشرف غنی به طور کامل کجاست فرار کردن ای در تاجیکستان از تاجیکستان و مهر به آمریکا و کشور سومی رشت کجاست یکی از اشرف غنی حمایت کردید و تن فروش است نام فروش است این بی ناموسی قرن 20 اکتبر امسال گ ***** بی ناموس  قرن
So much people died for nothing. Why did the USA go to Afghanistan? They did the same in Iraq and also so much people died.
he was waiting Americans arrived went with all the many shame on him  and shame on anyone selling their country to America and his friends  European
I am still so confused how afghans mil let the Taliban win so quickly.  I guess less death people that way.
this ghani guy looks like a big time crook
Super powers 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
This is definitely another Vietnam
Pray for afghanistan!!
Now China will completely control the $trillions of Afghani resources further weakening America.
This regime fell because of its inherent corruption. Half of it's army was only 'on paper' while corrupt generals and officials pocketed the money and now they are abandoning ship. US puppet regimes always attract the most corrupt kinds of people who then go on to retire in a far off land, enjoying their ill begotten fortune. And it's sad because the common people will suffer as the Taliban are pretty awful. It reminds me of what happened with the Kuomingtang/Republic of China which fell to the communists because of the inherent corruption of it's generals and officials also. Though they did manage to consolidate in Taiwan. There are no such islands for the Afghans.
This is called Islam...threat of mankind..
😨
Us liberated or occupied afgans
It is over.
It' was like taking candy from a baby ,, so sad 😭
America is a JOKE.
I highly doubt foreign intervention will be able to do anything. Let's just see what happens of the country as of now, even i think, Afghanistan, in Majority, wants Taliban. I mean if Taliban made Afghanistan a worse place, than Taliban will fall on its own. I am deeply saddened for the state in which females will be in for the next few years, but we can't do anything about this because the world tried but Afghans Military failed the country.
Diplomatic corps at the airport to process transgender afghans who want to get student visas to go to the US.
Got up this morning found out Taliban was right outside city. Brush my teeth come back and take over of Kabul is complete and president has vacated the country.
ALLAH hu Akbar😍🔥
It makes me sick to see my country hand over terrorists and al-Qaida.😢
TRUTH! THE US Could not take out the RATS!  TRUMP in office NOW!!  NOW!  TRUMP !
Afghanistan's army is not weak, but the Taliban's brokers are sitting in the army, so the army has become weak.
Currently there are 123 card-carrying members of the communist party in the FBI.
It will be interesting to see the Taliban's first ruling party's act will be when it takes power?
SCOMO... is that you?!
This war was an abject failure. We lost and didn't accomplish anything.
Cant tell who is Enemy or Friendly. Corruption by politicians, spineless Soliders, emboldened Taliban.  Afghanistan is a world issue now with emboldened terrorists, and Afghanistan is a lost cause by Afghanistan officials and USA.
thanks those dogs that in charge
Pakistan & USA are responsible
Thank God he left!
The Taliban is a Party of Freedom Fighters & Freed their Motherland from Foreign Occupation, not Terrorist.
He will be watching over his back for the rest of his coward life.
Why I feel USA test nuke on afganistan 🤣🤣🤣
Ashraf Goneeeii
Puppets left the country...
To Taliban, Takeover kabul is like putting sugar in a cup of tea
Alhamdulillah,,, congratulation taleban,,,,!!
Mr. Blinken, You, the USA leaders have been horrendous men who feel responsible for their own men but not for others. Why? Don't you feel others lives and properties are equally precious? You have been losing the leadership all over the world because of such criminal culture. You have been destructing so much specially in Muslim majority countries. Please change your satanic foreign policy to help making the world peaceful for all.
Joe Biden is on vacation.
Pakistani ISI proved success to create chaos and made a country without peace and harmony..
dead people need not be saved. people should have fought.
whenever, wherever the " USA"  buried a bomb, it will erupt and killing you slowly.
US and NATO failed in Afghanistan. Shame. Why did they stay in Afghanistan for 20 years. Islamic militants will bring terror world over with new vigour. Israel will suffer. Hail US, UK, FRANCE, GERMANY
Loosing both The fight and the war.
Shame America and NATO you can't defeat taliban
Back to the days of the dark
Usa 👉🤡
Peace.
I will never forgive Bush, Obama, Trump, or Biden.
Compare it with Palestine incident few days back.. No protests in Western countries.. Seems they all are happy with Taliban..
American imperialism always escape from people, people will suffer In around world even in USA.
US is bringing ANARCHY to the whole world in name of democracy & PEACE. Fake propaganda & then invade. Millions of innconcent people killed by them.
Welcome back to the stone age people ... no more tv..
So finally new game of call of duty : Black ops 3 Fall of USA may be in 2024🤔🤔🤔🤔
Inaptitude and incompetence of Biden regime are simply pathetic. Now it's clear why Afghanistan   is called a graveyard of empires. Another tomb is ready in this graveyard...
Amarican wapons like toys.
Well done Afghanistan Taliban and Islamic nations and Pakistan ISI
Hay Ashraf Bache shashoja gorekhtey be gayrat
THE ORCS A'VE CALLED A WAAAAAAAGHHHH!
The Presidente dude needs to shut up. He f@cked it up! Yesterday he said that he will mobilize new troops and fortify the capital... now he is gone... What a joke...
This regime of Taliban was so oppressive I doubt if this regime will lasts or the people of afghan would love that or else the people might want to fight for their own country and their own safety for those who love freedom,peace and democracy!
Vietnam 2.0
BYE BYE AMERICA😅😅😅😅😅
Why can't Afghan forces of 300 K fight 80 k Taliban fighters??
How much money did he take with him. Don't worry, he can cross over at Juarez, no problem.
"Hey guys, Let's take all the money the US gave us..., and RUN!!".
The World Super Power US ARMY afraid of Poor Talibans :P
USA is so depressed and unhappy to see an internal war of Afghan ended so peacefully and quickly.
Must give credit to afghan army joining the Taliban who they knew won't run like Ashraf Ghani. Visionary army.
What a coward president ghani is??
Few days ago this man was acting like Tiger but now i realise that lion was gilled up with hay inside .Such a shame ...What a loser
We can't remotely work from home. Why couldn't those embassy personnel do the same. Billions spent on military and they can't handle the Taliban. Let's be honest there is no military nukes, invisible planes or ironman suit. It's all been a laundry scheme for America's dirt money
Good job Biden
What a big shame for US army after 20 trillion dollars and millions of innocent of lives waisted , Talibans deffeated USA and Afghan army .Is that a joke whay have they done all these 20 years with all these troops and 20 trillion dollars that is disgusting and inacceptable. AFTER THAT A BRAIN....LESS AMERICAN DARE TO COME TO ME AND DARE TO SAY THAT I SPREAD LIES.Americans have lost their worst second  Vietnam ever Afghanistan. I WONDER what was it for all these 20  trillion dollars and waisted lives amon canadian and us soldiers and afghan people .That is crazy and absurd.
Taliban wanted President ghani gone, they have said it today, that ghani should step out, for ceasefire to happen. It was a no optional decision. So far there has been no bloodshed. I hope it continues like that. Let us pray for a better tomorrow. 🤲🏻 I hope  that one day my people 🇦🇫 witness peace. No innocent civilians deserve to be superpowers/war play toy. Peace for everyone.
America lost this war. America didn't make any difference in this country. What a waste of life, money,  support and time.
Kabullshit SMH
Taliban Zindabad you're the living QURAN, your smooth transition is absolutely divine and most honorable indeed. It seems like Fathe Makkah in this era . Now you have your Duties to Allah Almighty and the people of the Islamic Emirates of Afghanistan.... الحمد لله رب العالمين
What a waste of American resources  ---- 20 years for what??  You can't want more for the Afhan people than, they want for themselves!
Stay strong Afgan brothers and sister!!
Vietnam 2.0 is over, spot on the same play, well playt taliban. You think the world learned from it, but nooo, again all for nothing dont make any illusion.
Hes probably hidin with Biden
🏃🇮🇳 India from kabul
Karabakh is free !!!     Afgan is free  !!!     Next Kasmir will be free from india  !!!
And just like that back to Sharia law.
Taliban is good rular don't worry he having sharia law
AMERICA IS BACK!!!!   Lmao
The US should've come home during the Bush administration.
“We have put together I think the most extensive and inclusive voter fraud organization in the history of American politics.” Joe Biden  See what Biden meant on The Cyber Symposium where the election fraud is being exposed.  FrankSpeech  PASS IT ON!
Welp. Just treat this as a successful revolution.
the outside world doesn't know that the people of Afghanistan wants Taliban. because the ghani government is  so corrupt they think Taliban will better option for them.(not for top official and rich people)
Hebrews in the U.S should take note. Devils can't lead us to the Kingdom of The Creator. They ask for war with all their injustice, give them war.
Hi worse than Saigon
What a disaster!! What a coward!!……no surprise though.
What are the other Nations the Taliban will make Alliances with now that they are an  Official Global Nation ..  ?
Long Live Pakistan ... Long Live Taliban ...
... ​لا الہ الا اللہ ... اللہ اکبر ...
AFGHAN TALIBANS LONG LIVE ❤❤ Al JIHAD AL JIHAD ❤❤🇵🇰🇵🇰
Too bad Donald Rumsfeld is no longer available for comment. He's in the realm of unknown unknowns.
Biden is a half-dead imbecile so what can he do. Trump was a tiger and during his era, Taliban did not dare such a thing.
What a weasel..... if he had any courage at all he would have publicly negotiated a transfer of power to the Taliban to at least provide some sense of security to the people. Instead he knew the Taliban would kill him if they caught him, so he ran while saying they have a plan. Disgusting.
Maybe he will move in WITH trump at his golf course.    We all KNOW trumps undocumented will do ALL the work.
I don,t like usa or taliban they both ta same
It's a hard truth to swallow, but it's clear by the speed of the Taliban taking the country back over again, that the Afghan ppl never had the will to truly defend their territory from them. You can't have 20 years of training and that much an upgrade in military resources, just to fall THIS quick and easily against the Taliban who don't have a fraction of such resources let that alone troops. Biggest waste of military effort in US history 🤦🏿‍♂️ Eclipses Vietnam by far.
They had TWENTY YEARS to build a stable nation in Afghanistan. TWENTY YEARS. If you believe that's what they were really trying to do there, or that results would be any different if you gave them twenty more, you're a moron.  Never forget that the CIA toppled the socialist Democratic Republic of Afghanistan several decades ago by funding and arming groups that would become the Taliban.
Ashraf Ghani to US army.  I have came after you attacked Afghanistan  but i will leave Afghanistan before you
Coward🤣🤣
he took his millions and ran that was to be expected
*Laughs in Chinese and Russian*
It is extremely sad to see media supporting Tali bans and belittling the democratic structure. We failed as a society
The violent US empire sucks, it has sucked for decades and now the US empire is falling apart before your very eyes. Don't like it? You should have stood up for peace instead of making up patriotic excuses for the US projecting it's violence around the rest of the planet...year after year, decade after decade. The next US economic crisis is coming soon and when it happens....it will bring an end to the power of the US petrol dollar...and the US dollar will be depreciated in relationship to other currencies....and that's when the real monsters will be coming to the streets of US cities as the prices for everything quickly rises..and violence breaks out. We warned you TV addicted meatheads...but you knew better. Prepare yourselves.
Religion and politicians are two most dangerous things to humanity
Shukra Alhamdulillah world first islamic government  Taliban in Afghanistan
Don't forget Fidel Castro took over Cuba in the same fashion.  This is exactly the same kind of take over but with much worse murderous terrorists.
didnt Joe said Afghanistan wont collapse yesterday?
All are boys died for nothing.
This is all Joe Biden’s fault and so many other things
He is coming to the United States to live the good life.....HYPOCRITE!!!
Politicians always run away and leave their population to their fate. Why do they think they are so important.
Qatar is Taliban sponsors
I'm sure he has a nice swiss bank account...
Muslim group is targeting Muslim country. N all muslim countries r silent like?
Taliban won’t offer any amnesty to anyone. They will string people up in the street, like they’ve been doing in other parts of the country.  I am no fan of USA or NATO but Taliban are dogs.  It’s shocking how many people are celebrating these terrorists and then opening prisons full of ISIS fighters.
Thank, you USA and Germany
Can we get Biden out before he destroys the US! Democrats are TALIBAN!
Biden & the UE think that we all are stupid or what?
Off to sunny LA
Remember Mullah Omer's reply to Geoge Bush " God has promised us victory and Bush has promised us defeat. The World will see which promise is truthful.
Let it be on record that America destroyed Syria, Iraq, Libya and now Afghanistan. The world will never forget. America is a terrorist country. Simple.
বাংলা প   ।    ,    র
The coalition have left let's takeover boys
Why all countries are not supporting Afganistan. Why muslim countries r silent. Big shame on All
captain have left the ship.
May Allah bring peace to Afghanistan
I'm absolutely deviated and personally ashamed of the current administration that my country elected. A president who claims a mission a responsibility and the safety of the citizens of this region was completed. Instead lets admit that Biden is weak Biden accepted defeat instead of completing the task at hand. Give the people of Afghanistan the leadership they want not the ideology and religion of a group itself wants
Biden 2024
HAHAHAH...20 YEARS FOR THIS DAY....SHAME ON U NATO AND USA....NO ONE CAN BEAT TALIBAN....REMEMBER SOVIET UNION..
Who said Kabul will fall after 3 months????
Now China might enter Afghanistan with their bioweapon Covid19.
Shame on USA. They spoiled Afghanistan.....
GUINNESS WORLD RECORDS: "Taliban forces enter our records for the quickest capture of a country".   LMAO
Finally America lose another war
😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄
বাংলা প   ।    ,    র
AND WHERE ARE THE 330K SOLDIERS? THEY ARE ALL ON PAPER, WITH ALL THEIR WEAPONS. HOW MUCH DID THESE GHOST TROOPS COST THE TAXPAYER OF USA?
You got nukes right? Promising security with nukes right? Oh, no nukes! Well then, no security.
Taliban rules!
20 years of training..
Aj to tum bahut khus ho rahe Hoge...
That was quick, it didn't even take 1 week. What a great army the Afghan gov had? Shame
Coward ! I suppose he’s taking a plane load of money with him .
Do not allow ex-Afghan President Ashraf Ghani to emigrate into the USA. He is a pathetic man. He probably stashed a few 100's of millions of USD in various overseas bank accounts. Do not send another dime to Afghanistan. Their Muslim supporters in Saudi Arabia & the Gulf States can finance Taliban welfare plans. Afghanistan claims another invader defeat.
Now, America, leave the rest of this sh!theel world alone. Let it evolve in its own way and in its own time. America does NOT have the moral high ground and it shouldn’t try and police the world but it DOES have the ability to deal out ordinate response if needed Afghanistan is back to its old tricks, as if Russia or America were never there EXCEPT for the total waste of human beings and tax money. Unbelievable waste The next and maybe last world war is easy to see on the horizon with the idiots of ALL countries in charge The so called human beings in this world are no different than any given episode on the Discovery channel of an African nature series. There are the prey and there are the predators. Last point, war is not to be fought like this. It should be total and without mercy otherwise what’s the point? What’s the difference between 1 dead human in a war and 1 million? Nothing I would wager. Fight like a pansy and people still die. It has to be fought with conviction and whoever stands last is the so called victor, for a season until someone else comes along and stomps a mud hole in his a$$ Sum it up, this entire human race is a failure of the creator and it gets what it deserves. If I was the creator I would be very disappointed and embarrassed at what I had made. It’s sickening really….have a nice day
well after 20 years of war, more than six thousand dead in the "coalition of good" 1 trillion dollars spent by the united states. we can finally say:   WE WERE JOKING.
The rightful owners of Afghanistan are coming,  the squatters from the US and its vassals are running away.
The United States spent $88 billion training the Afghan army for twenty years. It spectacularly collapsed within a month!   Let that sink in!  The US gave the Afghan government billions of dollars to invest in its people and infrastructure, 'democracy' and to gain loyalty.   They didn't do that. Instead many invested in corruption and built their own business empires and family wealth.  The US and its Afghan 'democracy' failed, just as the Soviets failed at imposing communism on Afghanistan
i know taliban owns toyota but which bike they use ?
See Mexico is bad, but not this bad
History always repeat itself, all empire must collapse
Afghanistan is truly the graveyard of Empires! We are witnessing the last days of America and Nato. Islam has proven itself that it can withstand the test of time.
What a mess! Im all for the US leaving Afghan but in a show of strength to buy time for the Afghan government and people . Announcing to leave last April on 20th anniversary of 9/11 , only emboldened the Taliban and took away what little confidence the Afghan forces had. Now the US reputation is damaged and what country would want to trust the Americans . The $64,000 question is where is the president and cabinet of Afghan at now since they ran ?
So the man with ''flipflop and rusty AK47'' again defeats the powerful USA after Vietnam,Syria ,Iraq. And many more.
Coward,he actually fled the country leaving the Afghan people to suffer ,looting all the money .
Peaceful taking over Kabul is the best for all parties!
US Invested 2 Trillion Dollars LMAO India Invested 2 Billion Dollars LOL.
AFGHANISTAN went from DARK AGES to DARKER AGES. 👹
And how much money has he taken out of the country?
Ghani needs to be returned to "his people". Nobody should let that coward have shelter.
Ashraf Ghani is and always was a US citizen and he was in Afghanistan on a mission. He fled the country by an American escort after fulfilling his mission successfully.
AFGHAN..✌
Hi I'm so sorry for him and he should forgive me 😢🙋‍♂️
what a coward. it make sense why afghanis prefer Taliban than people in the government.
Well done !! Excellent job in conquering Kabul without a bullet . Beautiful !
به امید فردایی بهتر برای مردم شریف افغانستان.🤲🤲🤲
Tens of thousands of Afghanistan Citizens will now be migrating and living in the USA...
I thought the TALIBAN.....  was just a bunch of guys with AK's and sandals?
I feel really bad for the people living there:( especially women!!! Sad really sad time for mankind. Wondering how they will run a country!!! They are not middle east where petrol is available in abundance… Terrorism is at full display. Why only US should be responsible?
He was a coward from day first lolz
If the men won’t fight why don’t they give weapons to all of the women! They are much braver than the men in Afghanistan!
Where is Corona?
This is what happened if u think because u ar superpower u can just attack countries and change those who are in power that you don't like 20 years of occupation finally Afghanistan once again becoming a free country without the US Westin evil Zionist regime in charge all your money an the life of innocent people u have destroy killed you are going to answer for this one day thnx to the almighty Allah for letting me live long to see this day
Good luck with a government based on ancient ways and mythological beliefs, I'll stick with the 21 St century !!!
fall of Saigon  oops sorry  fall of kabul
So obviously planned they always planned a full on islamic takeover/brotherhood to encircle israel and make tons of cash
Why did US enter Afghanistan?
Imagine paying tax for 20 years only to see this 🤡
Mr Ghani didn't leave himself. He was evacuated by the USA, so that Taliban can take over. That was the whole plot that the USA was plotting.
Talibani assurances are mere ploys to gain legitimacy. Once that happens, the velvet glove will be off and the satanic iron fist will come out. One can only hope for the best for the people of Afghanistan, especially the women.
The Afghan government should have sold the military equipment in order to hire mercenaries.
He was installed and controlled by u know who. Was never got the people
USA has grand delusions of being a superpower. In the 21st century no one country can dominate or seems capable of going there.
Meanwhile Taiwan think they can rely on US to protect them from China. LMAO
Omg I am really sad for peoples in Afghanistan...will they never get a chance to live peacefully and study...and we are here complaining about our life I don't have  this and I don't have that....god help Afghanistan
Taliban were never terrorist. It's the corrupted government address them terrorist.  But let's see how they will run the country . 🤣🤣🤣. Hope it's good if not a group will be form again who will do the same to them of what they are doing now.
Lesson to learn : A fake friend is more danger than a harmful enemy..
LAUGHING! LAUGHING!! LAUGHING!!! USA=ANOTHER FAILED STATE AND BANANA REPUBLIC .USA=ANOTHER FAILED STATE AND BANANA REPUBLIC USA=ANOTHER FAILED STATE AND BANANA REPUBLIC USA=ANOTHER FAILED STATE AND BANANA REPUBLIC USA=ANOTHER FAILED STATE AND BANANA REPUBLICUSA=ANOTHER FAILED STATE AND BANANA REPUBLIC .USA=ANOTHER FAILED STATE AND BANANA REPUBLIC USA=ANOTHER FAILED STATE AND BANANA REPUBLIC USA=ANOTHER FAILED STATE AND BANANA REPUBLIC USA=ANOTHER FAILED STATE AND BANANA REPUBLICUSA=ANOTHER FAILED STATE AND BANANA REPUBLIC .USA=ANOTHER FAILED STATE AND BANANA REPUBLIC USA=ANOTHER FAILED STATE AND BANANA REPUBLIC USA=ANOTHER FAILED STATE AND BANANA REPUBLIC USA=ANOTHER FAILED STATE AND BANANA REPUBLIC
A Girl Scout troop has more combat awareness  than the Afghan army
I don't trust America and its allies. Only Afghans answer this question. If you support Taliban write 1 and if you support current government write 2....
🤪🤪🤪🤪🤪
Back to Tel Aviv I guess, with his zionist wife and zionist cronies
Sanction Pakistan
I have a beter plain for reduced the violation. Afghanistan people who trust be like-  What is That. Ashraf Ghani I don't want to died and i am going betrayed all of you just like you people betrayed your own brothers against usa. Now cry and see me  Afghanis people be like. So it's means it's all plain for bloods.
Prisons opened up so that future mayhem can and will blamed on escaped prisoners.
President abandoned its people 😂, because he was installed and controlled by d west , NEVER A MAN OF THE PEOPLE
Time for Ghani to write a book on his super rule of Afghanistan and sell millions of copies.
It is Saigon part 2
Howed that vote to kick the US out go fellas?
Bush; talibans will pay the price  Talibans; we trust Allah....we wil win
So now it come out the Soldiers in Lashkar Gah fought for 11 days, and no support came from President Ghani. Finally the Taleez rammed the soldiers with a Suicide Taliban Driving the Vehicle.  This tells me this was Orchestrated.
So, the biggest chicken ** of them all has flown the coop.  Trillions of US dollars wasted on a war that ended exactly like Vietnam.  Thousands of US soldiers killed and wounded.  Joke's on Americans now.  The elite scumbags running the pentagram got their paychecks and spent US government money on PURE WASTE.
US could have easily wiped Taliban of the face of earth if they had fought them the Iranian style :)) Ever wondered how ISIS disappeared overnight :))
alhamdulillah
Lol 😁 Minerals  Dollars  Deaths  And This 😆 NATO Is Joke Now ...
Where will the West go next to deliver democracy and peace ? They have delivered democracy in Iraq,Libya, Afganistan Somalia ,they almost gave Syrians democracy if Russians didn't stop them in their tracks.
‏پاکستان سے اپنے سفیر واپس بلانے والا اشرف  غنی کابل کی پَتلی گلی سے نکل گیا
I never thought that I'd see an entire government being completely overrun....that sucks bad tho
Who is from India after hearing ghani left kabul
Coward. America should arrest him for stealing trillions of dollars. He did not feed the soldiers, nor pay them. Pathetic.
20 years of blood and treasure for what
If in 20 years the Afghan government hasn't managed to stand up at least a few divisions of loyal, well trained, experienced troops by now... a solid core for your recruit army to form around then there was never any hope to begin with. Simple fact is the Afghan's don't really mind the Taliban. Their ideology fits with the Afghan people's majority. And most Afghans loyalty is to their local tribe or whatever, not the Afghan country as a whole. But yeah, if in 20 years they haven't managed to win the support of at least half the country then it's a fruitless task to begin with. I'm torn on abandoning 20 years of work. But we never really took is as more than a large scale, ongoing exercise for training our troops and giving them a taste of combat. We never had more than like... what 5-7 divisions in country at any one point? That's NOTHING in comparison to what was truly needed for what was publicly stated as our policy.
THIS IS THE DOING OF BIDEN!  Heads will roll.
Sooo..this country will b back to dark ages again..
He left with a  plane full of Diamonds American $
waste of time, money, and most importantly people who can be expressed soldiers. USA should apologize to the world for your stupid and fruitless work in Afkhan. Oh, you USA made many movies of Afkhan war and made many money globally. Oh,....... money! this id the purpose of the war!!!
Coward abandoned his people
Happy Independence to Afghanistan from puppet govt...best of luck for new governance...may Afghanistan prosper under Sharia Law like Arabs does 1400 years ago!
Wow......
This is exactly like the end of Vietnam
US and Nato sux.
He has done nothing. He left everyone worried . He has ruined my home. May Allah protect the people.
این خبیث حرامی غنی مردهگاو جقه جوان افغانستان را در کشتن داد و بلافاصله خودش گریخت لعنتی
Blinken is an absolute idiot and a liar to boot
Taliban suffered a lot one fighter crying in happy of victory we don,t know how many of his friends brothers are died in battle the world news channels only spread fake and false news on Taliban we must appreciate their patience and bravery to defeat NATO.
There is no point to give his life in such dirty game of terrorism.. He is saving his life and many more..
Imagine that: the US sees no interest in remaining in Afghanistan. No gold, no resources, nothing.
he done a runner and left the people what a fake I bet he takes a lot of money with him he will live in spender for the rest f his life and make some excuse typical politician.
Just like the Democrats did in Saigon, now Kabul and even in USA. hm
Now Biden will nominate himself for Nobel peace prize..
Leave or runaway ?
Nice...
Taliban: 🚗💥☠ Afghan government: 🏳🏳💨👟
Amin
This is the result of stupid policy of Biden Administration. Terrorist state will generate terrorist attack again on USA in the future again.. 😂😂
People love the Taliban govt,nobody wants US backed corrupt govt,finally peace will be there
My Dear, this is called "Bajwa Doctrine".  August 15th - Happy Independence Day to everyone in Afghanistan!!! Love & pray from Pakistan.
There was a time when I thought Trump spoke trash.  Thanks Biden for the upgrade.
Time to Liberate Syria and Palestine
what a humiliating defeat for united States.
I wonder how long it will take for the United States to invade and take over another country after this.
Time to Liberate Syria and Palestine
Taliban zindabad
Breaking news: Stone Age savages retake Afghanistan.
Time to Liberate Syria and Palestine
There was never any support in Afghanistan for an occupation by a foreign power.  A decades old war with tens of thousands of deaths, all for nothing.
Time to Liberate Syria and Palestine
الحمدلله
Time to Liberate Syria and Palestine
Time to Liberate Syria and Palestine
That’s women’s rights gone
Time to Liberate Syria and Palestine
Every country should have the government that they deserve.
So soon, one round of the PUBG  is not completed as soon as the taliban conquered Afghanistan.😃😃
Its official the Afghanistan goverment surrender, Taliban won and have full control of the country
I believe department of state security underestimate the Taliban probably because they look informal both in dressing and tactics
America: we couldn't defeat taliban that had no navy, no airforce, no artillery, no missiles, no icbms, no nuclear weapons  Also America: we can surely take on China.
ashraf ghani running back to his daddies.
Well turn back the clock 1000 years. Total misery by brain washed cavemen.
Is the Taliban going after Qatar next?
Afghanistan will now adopt communism and ally China, good job America
So literally everything I've seen.... My entire life.... All the news stories and separate squabbles... The billions bordering on trillions spent.... and it's been all undone in 13 days... Imagine having lost friends there and his killers now occupy the soil he died for... Governments man, they really just don't make good choices
Ghani is on his way to London to buy a mansion in Kensington with his heroin money.
" Hear me Out "  Simple souloution give all Kabul Civilians 24hr notice to Evactue and drop a big fat bomb on the taliban as there relaxing thinking they've won Bomb tf out of them! GOD BLESS THE US OF A 🇺🇸
Compare Ashraf Ghani and Gadafi?
The US: It will take 90 days for the Taliban to take Kabul…  Taliban: Watch this.
*ALHAMDULILLAH ALLAHU AKBAR*
All this is going to back fire on Pakistan now.  You should have been more sincere in fighting terrorists.
Never heard of an embassy inside an airport I guess there is a first time for everything
20 years from now, more movies regarding these wars will be produced, your sons and daughters will be sent to die.
They were predicting months with an Afghan army with the will to fight . You could see years ago they didn’t have the will to fight. What a waste.
THE PRICE OF TRUSTING US AND THEIR PRESIDENTS.  Well afghanistan got 350k troops against 75k Talibanis still lost the war lol.
Shame on Ghani. Martyrdom is thousand time better than shameless life.
WW3 is about to come USA and europe will pay they are so stupid they made they enemy extra stronger
Haha 😆
Even Elfo would stay nd fight 👊
"A decisive and swift response"  What else are they going to do that they have not done in the past 20 years? Perhaps, he's got Rambo and Chuck Norris on standby?
At last the pork run way,I now that very well because he is the most coward person I ever saw on media
I guess had our leadership spent less time in the distraction of politicizing, weaponizing and mobilizing in the down fall of America, the intelligence organizations under this administration might have had a clear picture of future events??????? By all means people.... Keep voting for relic establishment politicians... regardless of party..... it's doing so well for America!!!!
8:50 Afghanistan and the Taliban had nothing to do with 9-11 smh
Welp, sucks for the Afghan people who are now going to get dragged back to the dark ages🤷‍♂️
Finally the incarnation of Satan gone
Timing is important my friends, some people were too arrogant to talk not so long ago.
So why do he leave?
The army did the right thing.
Would've never happened under trump. But never mind the media and the left got what they wanted. A joke president and millions killed and suppressed.
US is degenerating faster than Biden’s dementia. We need Trump back ASAP.
"How many ages hence Shall this our lofty scene be acted over In states unborn and accents yet unknown" (Shakespeare, 3.1. 122-124). Cassius is essentially asking how many years from now will this historic event be reenacted in countries that have not yet been founded and reproduced in languages that are not yet known. I say, the accent could be Esperanto.
US spent $ 1trilion for 20 yrs and this is the net result within couple of months of US forces leaving Afghanistan.......How surprising!!!
Not only the Bandits runaway with their tails between their legs but seem to be the case with their appointees. Cost 2 trillions toilet papers!!!
Did anyone not see this coming?    “Jihad and the rifle alone; no negotiations, no conferences, and no dialogues” - Azzam  “You will kill ten of us, we will kill one of you, but in the end, you will tire of it first.” - Ho Chi Minh
everyone is asking question to the west,it is obvious as all are expecting democracy,bt about the OIC so called flag bearer of Islam nd peace always ready to send their army to Israel, what have they done to save the govt of Afghanistan???or simply they don't care about Afghanistan
Alexander the Great -   May God keep you away from the venom of the cobra, the teeth of the tiger, and the revenge of the Afghans.
American 🇺🇸 betrayed Afghon people promised peace transition of power and free 5.000 taliban from jail
Leaves? Escapes like a rat 😂
T.T
I THINK IT WAS ALL DRAMA WAS DONE BY USA THEY TRADED IN DRUGD GEMS ETC WHY GHANI WAS PAID SO MUCH FOR SO MANY YEARS
Chinas gonna nuke Afghan and the us/ Mexico border
Vietnam 2.0.😕
Where are all those people and Islamic countries are they die or what in case of Palestine they all are saying but in case of Afghan people and Afghanistan's no one come .. They should sucide themselves . INDIA loves Afghanistan no need to say much A large no of Afghan people community leaves in Lajpat Nagar delhi .. and ther are so many who wants visa for india they don't wanna go in 57 islamic country u know why they people know the reality of yours cowards liar
Battlefield 3 YOUR TEAM LOST!
Свои против своих же😂
Wow. Fathu Kabul
I’m worried about minorities and women safety.
Let the people of a country decide their own fate. If there were foreign forces their would have been a war and many lives lost. This is a lesson for the west. Stay out of foreign affairs west!!!!
'Leaves' is a dignified way to put it ...
They are literally wearing dead American soilders G shocks.....
Big gift 🎁 from America to the Taliban
Absolute disgrace from the Afghan army and those that trained them. The place will turn into a mediaeval hole and women won't have rights.
Why nato  american bedly accepted the defeat in AFGHANISTAN.
Within one month of American withdrawn kabul captured by taliban. I think America understand the situation and just flew away. What a shameful act.
this westerns will never understand the people in general living in Afghanistan. Media always shows one sided story. They choose the side which favor them most.
U.S. 20 years = Taliban 1 week. That's the super power we knew.
What Ashraf Ghani did was the best choice possible. No bloodshed, no point to struggle for the inevitable.
"Allah has promised us victory, & Bush has promised us defeat. We'll see which promise is more truthfull " Mullah Omar 2001
7:00 - Basically it's a mobile embassy   👋🇵🇹
The US government need too keep there army at home, and deploy them too help the homeless and poor.
Ghani handed over regime to taliban... staying there he cant do that so he fled to neighbouring country
Its probably the best thing he has done so far..dont know why all the complaints. He avoided a bloodshed...taliban was always going to win. Well done ghani 👍
The Afghan army folded faster to the taliban than the Iraqi army did to the US invasion
Now world should accept taliban govt in afg.
Where he runs
quit a shock any fool with an IQ above 1 knew he would run away. Where ever he goes to they should hand him over to the Taliban He of all the Afghans deserves whatever they would give him. He is the reason no one would fight, who wants to die for a corrupt leader
Is this a different Taliban that killed over 7 thousand American and Ally soldiers?
Coward .... Rich ppl will flee from the country, what about poors. They have to survive there
The captain abandoned ship
Ashraf Ghani was a fool to stay in kabul when US signed with Taliban in Duha. Ghani should have proudly sent the invitation to taliban and handed the power. It wouldn’t have been a stab in his back from US.
A good start
But why people are leaving. Don’t they like religion of peace and the teaching from peaceful religion?
Islam jindabad
When all you have is the one city in the entire country it is time to call it quits. Surprised he didnt do it earlier is all
I fought the Taliban in 2003 .  They are vial and evil.
Truth shall prevails .... and it happened! This is an incident of hope for all Muslim ummah ....
Ashraf Ghani is a NATO cadet, No Action Talk Only (NATO)🤣🤣🤣
YES WE HAVE WON INSHALLAH NOW PUNJABISTAN WILL BE DESTROYED THE PASHTUN LANDS WILL BE GIVEN BACK!
The ironic situation will be in 20 years the Taliban government will be complaining about the militant non-theocratic war fighters in the country side. Yes, I think it's clear that the Taliban will have their own anti-Taliban.
And there he goes 🤣  20 years amount to nothing lmao
Super power is only Allah Talib fight for Islam and defeat 52 country collusion Allah O Akber
Ashraf Ghani was American citizen before he became president.
US should never care about any country. Let china with its trillion dollar economy take over
Fled the country
Taliban will now have one of the most fearsome armies in the world once they've captured all the US tech and equipment left behind 😂  It's time for Americans to revolt against their government. Trillions of US tax dollars wasted
The captain has left the sinking ship.
Guess who leaves a sinking ship first!
Call of Duty The Retake of Kabul
Shame_On_USA# 👢🇺🇸👢 This is a remembering defeat for a terrorist nation... Although USA peoples are not directly involved in this but down the road they pay heavy taxes for such a losers business... Mr. Joe Biden took a nice decision to withdraw their forces after losing lot of resources and no doubt precious Army... Now get lost to home and think about your own nation...  Once again...  Shame_On_USA# 👢🇺🇸👢 The_losers_🇺🇸#
Well...  That was pointless...
Even Afghans People’s Appreciates To See Talibans …Now Those Will Worried Who’s Going Against Talibans With Lies Fakes Propagandas Etc
Love to Afghanistan 🇦🇫  Real hero’s Taliban 💚☝️☪️
Is USA still claims super power shamelessly??? 20 years they bombed a country spent trillions of taxpayers money countless lives who will be answerable for that ???
Pathetic!
God bless every one near  borders of Afghanistan. Talban must be positive this time
It was a mistake to leave Afghanistan after 20 years so quick. Should keep aircraft n take control in the air. Spent human lives, money n time for what...how can they lose 20 years in a 1 week ..so sad
We need more jogger control laws 🏃‍♂️
Hope US never ever interfere, this is what they want let them enjoy their laws
The pig has run away from the country the Islamic solider got victory
No! please stop releasing untrue information! Because am here Kabul!
Biden and the Democratic Party have lost the 2024 elections Jen's just on the Vietnam memory alone
Afghanistan the grave yard of empires. It only belongs to Almighty and His followers with faith.
All of the good men in the military turn around  and execute the new world order
The equivalent to "Jason takes New York"!
الله اكبر...الله اكبر...الله اكبر...☝️🤲💪💪💪
What a shame
Typical Joke. Blame it on intelligence. No, it's common sense. They fight in seasons, you withdrew the forces in the warm months. You told them when you would withdraw, who tells the enemy when you would withdraw? Beyond embarrassing, Joke Biden is to blame. 8 months in this dumpster fire is only beggining
Biden have alot to explain.
No buddy says that ashraf ghani him self was one of the leader of taliban it’s just a stupid game they’re playing
Afghanistan is the Vietnam of central/south asia. Shame on the US. 🤣🤣🤣
Rats 🐀 deserting the sinking ship 🚢…..Poetic
313 Bajar battalion in mind pressure USA
Plot Twist.. Taliban actually have the best interest of THEIR OWN country.. The US/Media are spreading misinformation and are the real culprits!! Believe nothing of what you hear and Half of what you see....
I've never seen these nice parts of Afghanistan before now, all we have seen in the news before is desert.
next move is to kick out US from Syria & Iraq.
Unfortunately, Afghanistan back in to the dark age 😕
Foreigners get out,get out...we dont need white supremacy in a Muslim land anymore.
Smooth take over of Afghanistan by an armed group . Al Jazeera congratulations ! 😎
Such a shame that the Afghan default social structure is chaotic violence.  Some do their violence for corruption, some for religion and others just for sick fun.  But in the end it is always the same for the people of Afghanistan. Tears and bloodshed.  They don't deserve it, but Afghans are also the people on each and every side in their own nation and make all this happen.
Taliban will never win Afghan. I guarantee Afghan forces still can win this fight. May Allah bless Afghan soldiers. They will win.
Very intelligent move by Afghans to save Afghans from Killing each Other, All the Media had been fooled by Afghans.
USA  has failed again, first in Vietnam second in Afghanistan.
I remember when George Washington fled to Mexico when the British invaded the capital. Oh wait that didn’t happen.
President Ashraf Ghani: "Don't worry guys, I have a plan."  *leaves*
Peace ✌️
COWARD. AFGHANS ELECTED A COWARD LOL
Yes when the real heroes step in the cowards got to go traders lol run now☝️☪️☝️☪️☝️☪️☝️💚💚💚
الله أكبر
Another failure for the US what’s a wasted of life, time and money.
Women will only have the rights given to them by Islam and those will be the only rights respected by the Taliban.
America is devil hhhhh
🤣
He’s a token of Afghan mentality. Tribal, selfish and as a true Islamic, double dealing. When will we learn?
Taliban gave a best possible gesture to the world by being in power and saying " We forgive all" Ah! What an amazing victory
It was a Failure from the Beginning
Let me guess....they will build back better!
Taliban's promise for general amnesty of previous regime should be hailed by AMNESTY INTERNATIONAL ,if not others. This act  by AI would help boost tranquility in transition and   prevent chaos, civil war,
😭😭😭 Leaders Escaped Innocent soldiers locked 🔒 Stupid things
Cowards!
Great job Biden you fool 👍I guess the Taliban didn't want to pay 10 percent 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Afghanistan is another fiasco of corrupt Western power. .We in the West of British/US mindset are on the wrong side. Looking at the West's illegal invasion of Iraq led by the war criminal Tony Blair, the West's recruitment and arming of terrorists across the region to destroy the sovereign state of Syria, not to mention the horrific mutilation of Libya and its people spearheaded by the war criminal Hilary Clinton, the imprisonment of journalist Julian Assange for speaking truth, the West's ongoing recruitment of terrorists across the African continent, yes, we in the West are the most heinous terrorists, even by condoning these atrocities through our silence. My book FROM BABYLON TO HERE pinpoints the root of this Anglo-Saxon rot eating through our brains and distorting our minds. We need to make correction while still there is time.
Ashraf ghani is boot polish person. He is fake person. Taliban will bring peace for sure.
Corrupted chicken 🐔
We didn’t even get half the country like usual .
I assume they don't have covid over there lol why are they on the Red list
Where is OIC ?
20 yrs of 🇺🇸prank is over now we can all laugh belatedly  😁
Seems that the TALIBAN will have to pay for the  Afgan negotiators hotel bill in DOHA. Since theres NO AFGAN Govermrnt anymore..😂😂🤭
1 Million Afghans were either displaced, killed, raped or robbed by The West or Western backed puppets . Nobody cared .   The Taliban arrive; the world 'cares' . Lying hypocrites .
I want to see a peaceful solution within the country without any foreign (US / UN / NATO) intervention or interference.
So so sad shame on him 😭💔😭💔😭😱😱😢😰😢😰😢😰😢😰😢
Great victory of Taliban 👍🏻😀
Hindus Indian Media Will Busy More Against Innocents Talibans And Spreads Lies Fakes News To True Their Hindus Indian Media
Coward President
Wow 😮 that’s the fastest sweep in history
google "
Haha
Dont think he left empty handed
So much for the American intelligence community like sleepy joe is corrupt and a bad joke ✊🇺🇲🇺🇲🇺🇲🇺🇲🇺🇲
USSR for 10"s years,US for 20 years and still not solved a problem ? I guess let it be.
I’ve got a house I’ll sell him  But he’s gonna live here in America better than 90% of Americans.  What wrong with this picture.
cowards 😂
Wow! Very Surprising news! I'm shocked to know he left Afganistan. No ones thought he would leave.
If the head of the country doesnt have the will to fight and fled, so is the people and the army. What a traitor.
Cowards die a thousand times; a brave man, only one!!
Allahu Akbar
y didnt the u.s see this coming ? as = ( quran 8:30 ) " And (recall) when the disbelievers were conspiring against you to hold you as a captive, or to kill you, or to expel you. They were planning, and Allah was planning, and Allah is the best planner."
What do you expect from a geriatric U.S. president with dementia.   He probably swears he heard intelligence saying 18 months when they instead said 18 days.
A unpardonable betrayal to the country and it's citizens by so called patriotic leaders.
Guy knew he was being hanged.
He is in hurry to save him from taliban capture ...he left all flew away kabul tak by taliban wat else so called security do in kabul
USA: *arrives in Afghanistan, trains local military and gave equipment to fight-off rebels/terrorists for  decades, then leaves when the time's up*  Afghan Armed Forces: IT'S ALL YOUR FAULT!
What if Osama Bin Laden appear again. Lol world will be surprised.
The Indian media and the government listen to the news with cunning and false propaganda. Running does not win wars. Wars are won with faith. Now it is Kashmir's turn.
Thanks god.
The opium controlled and spread across the west wad a huge success for the past 20 years.
We win a war against word biggest terrorist america long live Afghanistan long live Pakistan
Doesn't a captain stay with his ship, a shepard with his sheep?
Man I was stationed in Kabul, Kandahar, and De Dadii 2 back in 2012. All that work for nothing.
His speech the other day was full of garbage.
Sooner or later, the Taliban will make a mistake. and makes a terrorist attack on Europe or America. for they want to destroy the Christians of the world. and they want to spread radical Islam around the world
People believe in God Taliban fight for  God  God = Fun
taiban gives empty promises and never does anything they promiss to do
two super powers...RIP
Well done America....!!...You scored another victory just like Vietnam and Corea wars...!!!..If telleban managed to get to Kabul and surrounded it  in 72 hrs it's clear that the inteligence services have no idea what is happening in that country...!!!...
in reality... if those people want talibans that is their will... why we have a need to tell them how they need to live
Ashraf Ghani is a traitor, Stole election, refused to leave the office to allow negotiations, and now he leaves after wasting the blood of Afghans
The current US administrative needs new pawns in its middle east chess board, ISIS didn't workout for them.
What happened to the captain goes down with his ship?
American army is just wasting their effort and life ,defending afghanistan  which their president  is a coward ....feel sad to Americans  soldier .and to the innocent  citizens  in afghanistan ...
And you abandoned your country at the very hour it needed you the most. Beautifully cataclysmic
Peace back in Afghanistan ..
Coward western puppet
hahhahahahhahaha coward ghani😂
It's Vietnam all over again. Some hegemonic bullies just never learn and what's worse they are preparing to start another war again ostensibly to protect democracy. How lame and obsolete.
If he was a real leader he would had took up arms along side his commanders and soldiers. He’s scared that the Taliban gonna hang his head
Waste tax money
Ghani american puppet west shud  stopped this all, theses are Taliban who are not fareigner ruler.
Its exactly what crump wanted to happen in America
I wonder if it ends like Vietnam, a helicopter on the top of the embassy. At least now, Vietnam is one of our closest allies in se asia.
The ship captain is the first one to abandon the ship, sad. How patriotic. =(
You are after Ghani but will you all tell who is supplying weapons to Taliban? Why hiding these sources.
the biggest miracle of this Century.
All this transition talk is wishful thinking ...this has been a rout and to  the victor go all the spoils.
USA govt failed Afghanistan.
Where is the police of World?
Hahahahhaha
Go ghani go
He's coward talk tough but ran away like a lady
If i was Ghani I would have fled too as Taliban don't show mercy to the leader of afganistan like what happened to the previous President and his brother whom got killed brutally
Before US invasion there was Taliban govt in Kabul not puppet govt of ashraf ghanie.  So Taliban is not taking over but they are regaining their original position
-Leaves Afghanistan- Flees Afghanistan. There. Fixed it.
Ah the western puppet flees
USA does not care the Muslim of Afghanistan but Muslim of China Xinjiang
Run Coward Run!!!
ANOTHER....rat deserting the sinking ship!  As long as the US was there they let Americans do the fighting for them but as soon as the going gets serious, they scatter like flies!  They care nothing for their women and children!
I am not Afghanistan but my heart goes out to the people there ✊🏽😥.
There is no god worthy to worship but Allah and Muhammad is a messenger of Allah
Ashraf ghani ko videshi log jabardasti Ek Mora banaa kar baithe the remote control Ki Tarah robot Ki Tarah Aise Logon Ko Desh chalane ki koi jarurat Nahin Hai sacche hukmaran vah hote Hain Jo Desh Se pyar Karte Hain Ashraf ghani apnon ka kunba tatha garibon ki himayat karta tha Desh Ka gaddar
Did We really trained the Afghan military for 20 years?  Its time to really look into are training staff
alhamdulilah
Isn't US intelligence said, taliban will need  90 days,??  It's not even 90 hrs..    Now, afghanistan will be free again, free from any foreign murderers and foreign intervention..
America must pay for all the damages , now !
If he had any balls he would have stayed in kabul and faced the enemy. These are western puppets who were never there for the people of Afghanistan.
Feeling sad for my Afghan classmates. Hoping for their safety.
US leadership is struggling in US, let alone in Afghanistan!
Easiest take over..I hope they atleast bestow some mercy upon the people
I proud of Taliban
Ashraf Ghani wants to go India...But the Indian govt did not accept Indian land..
Thanks a lot ❤️❤️
After long 20 years Taliban win the war and defeated 30+ countries including super power  America and conquered the Kabul without a single bullet 💪 Mark 15th august as Afghanistan’s Independence Day
Unisovyet KO, America and NATO KO. Congratulation to Taliban you are superior of Mujahiddin.
Another Libië in the making. Something tells me this victory will turn into a bitter defeat very rapidly. And maybe the people of Afghanistan will finally appreciate the efforts of foreign troops. Something they most certainly did not when they where fighting the Taliban.
someone wake up Joe Biden and tell him the news.
Super power has emerged
Taliban is really a super power and he proved
Checkmate. Taliban played very well. First foreign forces should leave the country then they took strategic borders then districts then provinces and then surrounded kabul and now ashraf ghanii gone. American analysts: maybe in 18 months taliban will takeover the country. Taliban: don’t have that much time.
Afghanistan should just be left alone..
So what dose this meen for the people of Afghanistan are the old kings going to move them into the future.What is the Taliban taking over?
US out, Taliban takeover with little resistance. It shows which side that accountable for the blood shed all along
Masha Allah many people live have been saved
Taliban is great freedom fighter 💪✌✌ALLAH AKBAR
What a shame !  And the Federal German Merkel-`government` will not even fly out our citizens in time.
Lo ji apna desh he chod dia kya baat
👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻Great USA 👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻just great 👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻
China in 1949. Vietnam in 1976
Are American soldiers gays?? Leaving from there so easily gay biden might have told??
Taliban USA Are The Same
Allah  de  pukhtana  da  bad  nazara  o sati..... Pashtoon  are  real  fighter  from  their  early ...  No  one  can stand   against  them  in  the  whole  world ....
The president is doing the best thing to avoid more casualties.
USA erred all these 20 years in identifying the wrong party (Taliban) as the "enemy" and making alliances with criminal drug (opium) warlords who had previously been defeated by the Taliban. It's just too awfully unjust. The innocent have suffered the most. Let's hope the USA have now remote-control drone-bombed their last innocent village wedding party from halfway around the world.
Joe Biden is a worthless POS
Staring Rambo and terminator are both out of this movie. They said enough is enough. They are both going back to Hollywood studios.
Thousands of afgani dies ,but asraf gani run away like rat who should be frontline ,what is his answer to those mothers.
Goodbye 21st century, hello the 7th!
He didn’t even fight ? What a coward and corrupted idiot. He is From the taliban clan himself.
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Lollllllll  wow.
Blinken looked like he had cried just before he spoke.
Taliban won against the US... US lost against the Taliban...
Talibans are the killer APS school kids in Pakistan… They have killed 70000 Pakistani people.. It’s condemning that Talibans are being glorified… Shame shame
Islamic Goverment🤲
The appearance of the Mahdi  باب خُرُوجِ الْمَهْدِيِّ ‏  It was narrated that 'Abdullah said:  "While we were with the Messenger of Allah (ﷺ), some youngsters from Banu Hashim came along. When the Prophet (ﷺ) saw them, his eyes filled with tears and his color changed. I said: 'We still see something in your face that we do not like (to see).' He said: 'We are members of a Household for whom Allah has chosen the Hereafter over this world. The people of my Household will face calamity, expulsion and exile after I am gone, until some people will come from the east carrying black banners. They will ask for something good but will not be given it. Then they will fight and will be victorious, then they will be given what they wanted, but they will not accept it and will give leadership to a man from my family. Then they will fill it with justice just as it was filled with injustice. Whoever among you lives to see that, let him go to them even if he has to crawl over snow.'"  حَدَّثَنَا عُثْمَانُ بْنُ أَبِي شَيْبَةَ، حَدَّثَنَا مُعَاوِيَةُ بْنُ هِشَامٍ، حَدَّثَنَا عَلِيُّ بْنُ صَالِحٍ، عَنْ يَزِيدَ بْنِ أَبِي زِيَادٍ، عَنْ إِبْرَاهِيمَ، عَنْ عَلْقَمَةَ، عَنْ عَبْدِ اللَّهِ، قَالَ بَيْنَمَا نَحْنُ عِنْدَ رَسُولِ اللَّهِ ـ صلى الله عليه وسلم ـ إِذْ أَقْبَلَ فِتْيَةٌ مِنْ بَنِي هَاشِمٍ فَلَمَّا رَآهُمُ النَّبِيُّ ـ صلى الله عليه وسلم ـ اغْرَوْرَقَتْ عَيْنَاهُ وَتَغَيَّرَ لَوْنُهُ قَالَ فَقُلْتُ مَا نَزَالُ نَرَى فِي وَجْهِكَ شَيْئًا نَكْرَهُهُ ‏.‏ فَقَالَ ‏ "‏ إِنَّا أَهْلُ بَيْتٍ اخْتَارَ اللَّهُ لَنَا الآخِرَةَ عَلَى الدُّنْيَا وَإِنَّ أَهْلَ بَيْتِي سَيَلْقَوْنَ بَعْدِي بَلاَءً وَتَشْرِيدًا وَتَطْرِيدًا حَتَّى يَأْتِيَ قَوْمٌ مِنْ قِبَلِ الْمَشْرِقِ مَعَهُمْ رَايَاتٌ سُودٌ فَيَسْأَلُونَ الْخَيْرَ فَلاَ يُعْطَوْنَهُ فَيُقَاتِلُونَ فَيُنْصَرُونَ فَيُعْطَوْنَ مَا سَأَلُوا فَلاَ يَقْبَلُونَهُ حَتَّى يَدْفَعُوهَا إِلَى رَجُلٍ مِنْ أَهْلِ بَيْتِي فَيَمْلَؤُهَا قِسْطًا كَمَا مَلَؤُوهَا جَوْرًا فَمَنْ أَدْرَكَ ذَلِكَ مِنْكُمْ فَلْيَأْتِهِمْ وَلَوْ حَبْوًا عَلَى الثَّلْجِ ‏"‏ ‏.‏  Grade :  (Darussalam)  : Sunan Ibn Majah 4082
Wech country sapot taliban?
america:😴😴
The peace deal between America and Taliban
Rich men flee with their wealth,  poor people stay with their misery. The U S wasted all tht money for what? All those lives lost. The U.S leaders former and present are idiots!
نصر من اللہ و فتح قریب۔۔
Rip...long live us army...let them know
This is sad. The Afghans are left to survive on their own now.
American shoulders had to go back because, aliens 👽 attacked D.C. also Thor ⚡🔨is not there. Iron man is no more. Spider man is out of town. Captain is old now. Dr. Strange is seeing multiple possibilities to tackle Taliban.
Far out I just hope the Taliban changes there hardline views because if they be more moderate I think they will get more support
Well done USA! Amazing job in bringing peace, christianity, and coca-cola to these “uncivilized” people. Truly brilliant!
I wonder Hypocrisy and Silence of neighboring Islamic Countries on Butchering of Afganistan  by Taliban
Press: So no American is in the embassy, so we essentially closing the embassy!  Blinken: „No we will have a core diplomatic presence and in fact an embassy at the airport!“  *AT THE AIRPORT* 🤣🤣🤣   This is a worse humiliation then Saigon! 😂😂😂😂😂😂
Shame !  He has run away with his live left his own partners.
Sad. Ghani should have stayed in Afghanistan to reassure his own people who are now in brutal hands.  He ensures his safety by going to the secure and prosperous West. But what will his people do ? 🙁
Al jazeera must be very happy today cuz their fanatics won! Pray for afghanistan
The only winners here are the bankers who printed hundreds of billions to fund the war
America: taliban can take kabul within 3 months. Taliban:*takes kabul within hours*
The U.S Army is a joke! The so called “Super power” couldn’t defeat Taliban! We must agree that Talibans are determined and fearless!
Where are those who raised the slogan Save Palestine hiding?? Why don't you say anything?? Why is there so much pain and pain in writing Save Afghanistan? Those who live a life of hypocrisy, now you don't remember human rights
This is just comical.
A moment of transformative peace and freedom for a newly born people...if dark forces within and out are denied
Don't know national political.  But Afghanistan people very poor & God not help. They are country their religion  destroyed.
Mark your calendars, by 2041 the US will be back in there
BLINKEN, MILLEY, BIDEN are the Chamberlains and Elphinstones of their time!
Just a small example of what Biden left the Taliban.  19- Super Tucano attack Planes 8- Mil Mi-24 attack Helicopters 68- MD500 Defender Attack lil Bird Helicopters 16- UH-60A Blackhawks  8500- Armored Humvees 634- M1117 Armored personnel carriers 155- MRAP Mine-Resistant Ambush Protected Armored Vehicles  104,000- M16A2 rifles  10,000- M4 carbines 24- M114-Howitzers
American made a big mistake n NATO world forces united make or free the country
islaam zindabad
Why is the Islamic Alliance countries silent? No one knows why the Turkish president, who is worried about the Islamists in India, has now gone where
Ashraf Ghani is en Ex Banker. Worked for major Banks. Needed more time to get his money out, while he was talking from the side of his mouth.
Welcome, Welcome, Welcome Taliban, May Lord of Universe help Taliban to succeed.
Wise for the Afghan President to flee. The Afghan President during the Russian occupation was hung from a lamp post when the Russians deserted him. I am sure the current Afghan President has millions in a Swiss bank account so he will be ok. Much, if not the majority of American aide to Afghanistan went into Swiss bank accounts. Wonder why we were unable to make any real difference for the common Afghan people?
Love you Ashraf Ghani baba 🇦🇫🇦🇫❣️😘
Let them all settle in and drop the MOAB right in the middle of the city and kill them all
This is what happens when you depend on American hegemony
Where are those Americun(t) Afghanistan war heroes which they show in hallywood movies😂
Alhamdulilah Allahakbr
As soon as their western masters left the country, in less than a month, Ashraf Ghani runs away, government collapses, relinquishing total control and power to the Taliban. Where's the big savior Turkey waging wars in the Nagorno-Karabakh, Syria, and Libya? Are all these Muslim countries just watching this debacle unfolding in Afghanistan without doing anything? I guess Trump was right when he said: these countries wouldn't last six weeks without foreign support.
I thought that the fleeing of the president was rejected by other official news outlets
Bidens administration has declared war on its own citizens.  Regular American people that speak out against their lies.
America was the only reason why their government never fell and kept their people safe from this terror notice the day Americans left these cowards came out of their hole took Afghanistan 😂
What does it matter if it takes the taliban 18 months or 18 hours to take over the country? Everyone knew this was going to happen if we left. It’s incredibly sad. Afghanistan is irreparably broken.
2021 season 1: Afghanistan 2021 season 2: Afghaliban
Sanction Pakistan for supporting cruel Taliban
This type of PM is no need for any country.
Biggest mistake of Biden.
The US needs to send our Snowflake Brugade over there. That'll skeer 'em.
i don't agree with Taliban's religion nor politics; but they earned the right to rule Afghanistan.  Morally and Physically; and now Legally.  What about Greater Pashtun, an arbitrary line divided the Pashtun tribes between Pakistan and Afghanistan? When will Pashtun Tribes have autonomy?
Woooooowwwwwwwww
who cares leave them people alone thats there land not ours
When a leader leaves his duty post, what does that mean?
This is the best decision Afghanistan government made. Alhamdulillah
😂 he was expecting Modi help from India & realised that, it won't happen.
😂😂
I have written a lot of times that Ghani pvt ltd is gonna run.
Who wins and who lose this war?
Maybe we should send donuts
US had many "Cards" to play when it had many soldiers. Now they have gone without gaining a single goal. US had not a single card to play. Now, Talibans are advancing, how will they come on dialogue table.
Whenever I hear about Afghanistan I always imagine it from the lens of Khalid Hussain what a beautiful image he had potrayed, a land so beautiful, so prosperous existed. Inshallah I hope Afghan regains its stability back.
Joe Biden has to fire his Secretary of Defense and little Blinken, the Secretary of State, and all his intelligence officials. They are just too incompetent. How much more embarrassment can old Joe take?
Relax everybody Anthony Joe and billary have your back
What a joke...
He did not want to end up like Najibullah.
Of course! He abandoned his people. Sad day in history.
They never wanted us there in the first place. Now they can kill each other for what we left.
Coward.  Instead of fighting, he ran away.  No wonder the government fell so quickly.  It was run by men who act like women
Dat Ashraf ghani shud be given atheletic medal
Taliban: "Women's rights will be respected" Me: "Oh dear"
Where are OIC .
Allah k neak bando ko dekh k shitan baag gaya
He left his people..alone,so afghan forces dont have to follow a leader like this
Allah akbor
Now start blood war and rap girl and young boys
I guess in the next few days  President Biden and Harris declare US surrender to Taliban. LOL
America legacy in every country they invade and failed, they left sorrow, blood, confusion and chaos. I hope Taliban will just let peace reign and reforms
How many of these Taliwhackers IS there?   That's a LOT of Humvees retreating!
There r “Taliban soldiers walking around Kabul” wearing American uniforms & on the government payroll.
At last
GOOD FOR THE TALIBAN!!!!!!! They have every right to purge every single snitch and person that cooperated with our US forces & other foreign nationals -it's their sovereign land. Remember, this was an illegal invasion to cover for the 9/11 INSIDE JOB -ya'll forgot about that already?
Somebody "History _______  _______"
This guy was never a true president. Always was a usa person in chair. And now betrayed own people by fleeing .
Where is superpower?(USA)😃😃😃 Now Taliban is superpower 💪💪💪
how many kids they kidnapped already ? telling afghan women to gift their daughters to the taliban is all you need to know what theyre really like as people
There were no options for Ashraf gani except flee
US is totally responsible for this blunder .... they hastily left Afghanistan in the tough times . Soldiers were out of supply ...and on the other hand Taliban is supported by Pakistan 🇵🇰 ... Only the innocent afghanis suffers 🙄
This shows the government placed by the US was just a puppet that had no real legitimacy among the Afghan people. The army and police didn't want to die for a cause they didn't believe in.
How can a group fight for 20 years without common people support, how can they capture almost all the country like storm if people don't support them .....???
Biden is over
CLEAN VICTORY!!!
You can't call them Taliban terrorists and want this problem to be solved?
Taliban give away afhghanistan to USA for 20 years on lease. They built all the infrastructures in cities. India built roads and dams..Now Taliban are taking it back improved afghanistan with no loan on construction ..smart strategy 😂😂
You can train someone all you want but you can’t teach someone to not be a coward.
Ashraf Ghani has run away after betraying his own country.
You can never win in a holy war...you western bigots never learn.
The "real" captain would never leave a sinking ship.
So all American efforts are in vain! This is Mosil all over again!
corrupt government never won a war ...
Took a large sum of gold with him no doubt.
I never liked Ghani. He was a liar and a puppet to saffron terorrist regime of india. Now his actions speak well about his character. He was a hindu at heart.
look now who flee ...then how will afghan people will believe him.
why should taliban to be recognized internationaly if they are branded as terrorist
TV anchor look like Taliban to me 😂😂😂
Little Blinken is just too incompetent. Why even bother to keep a fake “embassy” in a mud hut after they were chased from the $2 billion real embassy.
The president is a Traitor and coward.
Where is Amaullah Salih who was bashing last week on Pakistan and saying I alone will give them a lesson which they will never forget ? An Idiot!!
Afghanistan President? He was US puppet under Afghanistan occupation.
Congratulations to Afghanis on theor victory over puppets.
Who is providing weapons to Taliban and other terrorist organisations? Why America Left all their military equipment behind them before leaving Afghanistan?  what was America doing for last 35-40 years in Afghanistan ? Everything is proving that this is America's Propaganda and everything is preplanned because America is loosing it's control in Asia . Thier plot to gain power over Iran and Russia through ISIS failed and backfired, and they are again playing cheap tactics....
Media: Taliban had captured all of Afghanistan and are at the gates of Kabul .  US president: that news is not great not terrible. Afghanistan are able to defe...  Media: stop please 😄
And the responsible for what is happening in Afghanistan is the dumbest ever the demoncrap the old fart biden.
VietNow
Yes an embassy...at the airport...in an actual airplane...Duh!
This is definitely not Saigon. At least Saigon lasted for 2 more years after the US withdrawal, not 3 months. ;-D
Taliban👍👍🚩🚩🚩
US Marines should be able to smash the Taliban!
NEWS: Taliban government discover the largest oil well on the planet. USA: ops, it appears there's a new 9/11 like attack just happened, and our reports says it's coming from Afghanistan.
This isn't the same Taliban that the U.S. fought 20 years ago.
Afghanistan doesnt given a f about themselves
We were there 20 years My question is well we were there Why was china there under our u.s. military watch taken prescious metals out of that country pretty good question isn't it
Puppet gone. Real peace and Prosperity will begin now because Allah's order is established in Afganistan, Mubarak Islamic Emirate of Afganistan. Allah Bless my brothers and sisters.
Biden’s liberal, progressive view is a shame.  Thousands will be murdered and raped.   Nice job Dems!!!
of to uae for a cushy retirement
The man ran for his life
Taliban congralations 👍💐🙂.
Americans betrayed the Kurds who helped Americans twice. Don’t trust any American moving forward. God bless Afghanistan from your Kurdish brothers
The Afghan President left faster than most Yanks in Afghanistan ! Hahahahahahahaha What a freaking coward !
Good job democrats
Those badass prisoners are like "Let's play real life GTA, man I want to blow up an American car"
As a proud American i can say this is an embarrassment to my country.  So much blood and treasure lost for nothing . I hope our corrupt politicians and military industrial complex will learn that you can't change how people want to live ,or nation build country's that don't want to change .   America is a good nation full of great people who only want people around the world to be free and happy ,but we can't even take care of our own people because our politicians are only concerned with enriching themselves.  Maybe its time for Afgans to stand up for themselves if they really want freedom because the U.S. is hopefully done with this garbage . TRUMP 2024 MAGA !
Proves conclusively he's not a good representative for the Afghan people. A REAL Afghan leader would never flee like a coward. True Afghans are among the bravest people in the world.
Why everyone think it is a failure. It is mission complished. 2 trillions spent, big chunks went to. us military industry complex. Now they found a new bigger business target, China.
The rebels in syria take note.. Once ur puppet master leaves you.. U will be on your own
Who cares, we got the oil we needed already.
PRESIDENT OF AFGAN ARE PUPPET OF U.S AND WESTERN WORLD
I hope not see Pakistan  longer in the map Pakistan  destroyed  my country  allha  destry  them inshalla
What are the results after 20 years? Idiot foolish America am i right?
I wonder if the last outgoing message from the embassy was "Kabul has fallen. All is lost. They are coming"
Vietinan/ Cabul
Where is India? Who postures like a super power.
Good luck
Congratulations to Talibans to save country from destruction of war.
If they don't  get all our embassy staff out the country (according to this they are just relocating the to another part of the country) they are setting us up for another Iran hostage situation.
He did exactly what uk and usa did..... Flew away... Coward
Go Joe!!!  Errr . . . Biden?  Run, I mean!
Where is ashraf GHani  a taliban takeover kabul
"Peaceful transfer of power", so that's what coups are called now?
Shameful for all world
America and the West are the evil tumor of humanity that needs to be eradicate from the face of the earth
The price of heroin must be soaring.
The only 'rights ' they consider have any value are those that come from their take on sharia law. Otherwise they have  meaning .
Allahuakbar . Taliban's Weldon V V sensational return government Afghanistan.thanks Al-Jazeera tv.god bless you al Jazeera Tv.
WOW 😯… WHAT A MESS 😬 THE UN IS GOING TO STEP IN BUT THEY ARE SLOW N MANY DEATHS WILL OCCUR, UNFORTUNATELY… R.I.P. AFGHANISTAN N IT’S PEOPLE 🙏💝
Hahaha
Thanks to Pres. Bidden, he helped in recreating and re-establishing the terrorist state. This is by far the biggest betrayal-stab-in-the-back and most stupid decision ever done by the US. The blood of the would be slaughtered Afghans; men, women and children will be counted on Bidden's hands. May he live with that until his death.
It's over Very sad for the citizens
It's remarkable how history repeats itself while policymakers cry never again. ProTip, you cannot solve problems using tools that have failed before.
America will fall, and from the ashes a new world will arise, free and ready for whatever comes next.
We Ethiopian will not allow European and American to choose our leaders and put someone like Ashraf Gahani
I don't understand why after 20 years, they pull out couldnt have taken 6 months, or even 4 months, why did it have to be almost over night with no plan.  Also, America has a lot of good people locked in jails if taliban wants to be free them also.
Saigon 2.0 in 4k 😂😂😂
Obviously Afghan people are beside Taliban. That's  why the conquest becomes possible. But western puppet media spread false news against Taliban
AMERICAN AND NATO BETRAYED AFGHANI PEOPLE AMERICAN AND NATO BETRAYED AFGHANI PEOPLE AMERICAN AND NATO BETRAYED AFGHANI PEOPLE AMERICAN AND NATO BETRAYED AFGHANI PEOPLE
Taliban fighters can go home now...Taliban  can take up positions of basic administration...they are after all, the indigenous people of Afghanistan...A national Afghani Taliban government other than mini states ruled by warlords would be better than warlords
Good, God only help those who help themselves. Cowards!
Finally, A History Accomplished In Repeating Itself , Kabul became Saigon 2.0
What a coward
Ha ha, Russians gone! Americans(20 yrs) gone! Good luck China
This is what happens when you put a puppet instead of an elected leader in an occupied country....
President Ashraf Ghani said f this you can have Afghanistan I am going to Cancun.
The US intelligence got it wrong because it was busy looking at Russia, and  at its navels. Its overrated and very often gets things wrong at home and abroad. America should keep its "DEMOCRAZY ambitions on its own soil and fight the terrorists in her own midst. The world needs peace and quiet so America stay away from the world
Didn't the US ARmy fight those talibans for years and years!? Looks like they didn't do much damage.
Go and fight , Jo azadi chahte hai🤣🤣🤣🤣
Taliban officially in control in Kabul by day’s end?
Horrible. Shameful. We have abandoned our loyal allies, the translators and all other helpers. They are condemned to death. Definitely we  have no reason to be in Afghanistan. We have left at the worst time, “ fighting season” vs winter and near 9/11. We have the most incompetent foreign policy people in US history. Negotiate with Taliban? Well too late for my idea. Bargain…. Let remain the leadership, the corrupt Afghan government to the Taliban in exchange for time to evacuate the 10,000 or more of our true allies.  Am ashamed to be an American, deeply ashamed.  Obama and lady Clinton have done much more harm re Afghanistan than Trump and even Biden.  No one should trust us. Not even the Kurds.
A few years later, Rambo Jr will be the star.
... stupido, if you do not know ... talibans are in charge of the city ... and i am miles away ... and you are in kabul ...
The United States has no business in these countries. The western world needs to take care of our own problems. Like mass migration, collapse of the family unit, and the rewriting of our history.
Whole world of tyranny regime will fall
Another utter USA shambles, disaster. The USA needs to stay within its own borders.
Corrupted guy ran away from Afghanistan.
Demented Biden Vietnam 🇻🇳2.0 .
If Taliban can return Afghanistan's prosperity and improve the lives of its citizens, uphold the rights in accordance in morality of Islam, then I guess the current administration and will be removed soon was a failure.
It seems like America trained taleban not than Afghan forces
2 Trillion dollars wasted.
well the world will wait with baited breath to see how the taliban is going to run afghanistan fairly and pragmatically and apply shariah law accordingly and not being extreme
wow that's nice,
Wow...US accomplished its goals😮. They literally made some cave dwellers on the mountains now as rulers of a country. What an accomplishment.
No one's talking about the real issue in kabul: traffic safety. 13:14 that's almost an accident.
What a coward
😊😊😊
The award goes to Toyota tundra for the best vehicle in Afghan war
He runs 🏃‍♂️ 💀 🤣 way and left he's people
don't trust America and west again they have their self motives the America betrayed always to mislead other nations peoples to show the dream of freedom and democracy it is only fantasy to trap them America always should think his self important just to blunder other nations natural resources
Pathetic
A tiger does not change it's stripes. Their quick and swift end awaits.
Oh ya we already know that . He was puppet of America not a leader of Afghanistan . Congratulations to Taliban ❤️
I want to know which country Ghani will eventually end up in. The US? That will be too embarrassing to the US government.
Un 20 years the Afghans could have built and army. They fall within days???? The US isn’t the Afghans daddy !!!
The truth is: people get what they deserved . We don’t have to worry about them anymore
He’ll soon be working on his memoirs in which he’ll blame everything that went wrong on everyone else.
Indian paput run away...same like one day Pak army enter in Kashmir then again all over world again same  reporting...India army leaves
THANKS BIDEN!
Afghanistan are now in safe hand 🇵🇰❤️🇦🇫
Bravo Ingletera Naw bisnes with Opium like old days
No one involved really cares about women’s rights 😡
And very easily iust like that the world take over began...
Just curious: Are the Taliban taking the covid vaccines?  Are the member of ISIS taking the covid vaccines?
Allah bless Afghan people and Taliban From Bangladesh
Hello Mr. Ganni ur the president u run from your country how then will ur military  able to defend ur  people   . U safety is needed but not fleeing from ur country it discourage ur soldiers shame on u Sala Buddha  . How many more  years ur going to live 30 years maybe but because of u children will have also to die . Shame on u Sala Buddha .
*Now we have Taliban deligates*
Has anybody checked the national treasury since Ghani fled?
R.I.P America 😂😂😂
The amount of propaganda is amazing even by the modern corporate media standards. There is huge public support for the taliban. Don’t be fooled. Like malcom x said, “if you are not careful the newspapers will having you hating the people who are being oppressed and loving the people who are doing the opppression”.
Plz correct your news, Ashraf ghani fleed togather with american soldiers all pants down....!
"Women's rights will be respected" - They'll only chop off their left hands???
FIRE AND FURY to SWIFT AND STRONG
Quick action to leave. Even quicker than the personnel in US embassy.
LOLZ....LUCKY LUCIANOS DAUGHTER 😎☂️🍒💥💯™️®️©️
Now the only thing left for the Taliban is to also invade their dearest Supporters Iran and Pakistan which I hope to happen. They need to feel the agony and pain to which was caused by them for 40 years now
Afghanistan belongs to Taliban, the real citizens and son of Afghan soil, the soil which destroyed world powers multiple times. What America have achieve rather killing of thousands of innocent people.
What a pxssy ...
A silent escape is about to happen if anybody stands against the soil.
ashraf ghani is puppet of western and india, he destroyed Afghanistan by his corruption and killed innocent people, now people of Afghanistan over throw ashraf ghani and team. we Afghani throw flower on Taliban and rock and stone on army.
Who were the US training all these years?
How many second will it take to crash American puppet government? 10 seconds.
So many American soldiers died for Afghanistan just to run with your tale between your legs go sleepy Joe an the president of Afghanistan looks like he's running over FEAR....WHAT a people
My bitter laugh is sadder than My Cry , my job is to stop Crying and to enjoy my Laughter,
US got their reward of seeking out help of Pakistan to defeat Taliban when Taliban was supported by Pakistan.
Someone is leaving the battle and telling  his people to fight hmmm.
Taliban Are Good for the Goods 😂😂
They move fast goodness
Takbir The Islamic Emirate has won! Allahu Akbar Allahu Akbar
Shame on this
A taitor, dog, puppet of western
coward
1:15 what brutal past? Care to explain and prove your statements? While Arab countries are becoming friends with Zionist, this is a very serious accusation.
Afghanistans independence day is now same as india
taliban taliban taliban....they just cavemen...using toyota..ford.....and guns manufactured by US or russia....they have to sell their country to buy ammunition for those weapons.....cavemen cant manufacture anything neither can they produce anything other than moronic shariya law they are talking about......this crisis is good biz for the weapon manufacturers
Wake up Call,  I call to Afghanistan People that Afghanistan President  Ashraf Ghani, and related people to him have to go to international Criminal court,  presumably he is fully responsible for Afghanistan disaster & killing Hazara People, and therefore must return all the Afghanistan stolen assets and funds.  Allegedly  appears to be deposited in Qatar,  or elsewhere?   He should not run away,  top on that should be investigated   who received Trillion of USD,  apparently, for regime Changes and hand over the power to Taliban
Anyone who believes the Taliban must also believe that a leopards can chain their spots or that Leprechauns actually exist!
USA is a joke in eyes of the world now
Taleban❤💚❤💚Liberation of Kabul Look like liberation of Meka by Prophet a.s❤💚
Please make a movie out of it 👍
He left the sinking ship instead of going down with it.
Still western media won't admit that Afghan people support the taliban. Still they have some propaganda left.
Afghan President: "F*ck this sh*t I'm out"
Too much corruption bound to fail
He will do jackShit coming days Taliban will take full control of Afghanistan and fake democracy will perish from the land
What a leader, this is leading by setting an example. Great !
"Kabul will fall in 90 days" - US Analysts  Lmao
Taliban are secretly America's allies. Why? All old taliban leaders are dead as are their next of powers. America wants them in power to keep the Russians and Chinese out of the Middle East. America has the China Sea to focus on. This, I'd bet is a secretive deal. What made me think like that was that the U S. threatened to withhold future Taliban aide should they attack the evacuation.
He left Afghanistan with American money.
Democracy was brought to Afghanistan. Apparently it was not worth fighting for.
90 days converted to 9 hours😬 faster then PUBG game - brave heart ❤️
The president flees the country leaving its people to defend themselfs
Talibans is telling the whole world,that we have absolutely no patience to wait for the total takeover of Afghanistan!
If after 20 years The people of Afghanistan can't put together a Army to keep a elected form of Government and the Taliban can take over  as soon as the US forces pull out , Says to me the Taliban is what the people of Afghanistan want
Useless Afghanistan government!
US taxpayers lost trillions of dollars for Afghanistan occupation. What benefit did taxpayers get for all that money?
Great Job Biden !
Taliban is not a militant group but they are the 60% Pashtoon population of Afghanistan who are struggling for their political rights. Taliban are better than Palestinian and Kashmiri freedom fighters. They recovered their soil from terrorist elements only in 20 years who killed thousands of innocent Afghans in air strikes. They destroyed the peace and dropped the mother of bombs in Afghanistan but failed to stay their. Palestinians and Kashmiris are still suffering since the 2nd world war. Taliban and Hamas aren't terrorist organizations but they fight only for their occupied soil.
Bad "intelligence"  Isnt thst the narrative from the begging of the war on terror?
The US Diversity and Inclusion training appears to have failed in Afghanistan:(
I feel sorry for the women and girls in Afghanistan, with the Taliban dirt bags regaining power.
Ghani has left the building!
Ghani didn’t want to bombard his country taliban hide in homes and are back by America’s ghani tried he’s not corrupt it’s all these tajiks who hate him because he’s pashtun masoud was not a national hero yet they call him one shame on u for calling him a cowardly
"Taliban executions, beheadings in Afghanistan strike fear among those stuck inside countryThe US embassy in Kabul said it has received reports that Taliban members were executing surrendering Afghan troops.."
Can we call this a total failure of a mission, over a decade of sinking trillions of tax payers money.  Who wins now?
If Afghanistan had a strong leadership, military, police & security force and fought against the Taliban with air support from the US this could have been avoided!
Yes, the most effective way to take responsibility is to run away from it  🤦🏻‍♂️
if President Ashraf Ghani believes he is innocent then why leave?
Its conquer of jersalem from Salahudin all over again this time conquer of Afghanistan peacefully at the end giving safe passage to anyone who want leave.
Such a shame. Back to the dark ages.
I was thinking this would happen next week. Boy was I wrong lol
They have to act like politicians... Ahhh so they need to be a liar
Such a a shame. Back to the dark ages.
All for a fake religion.
This is how one newspaper in Kabul, Afghanistan, described the Taliban for the last five or six days.  Day one: Barbarians from the south are besieging Kandahar;  Day two: Man-eating terrorists advance on Zabor;  Day 3: Extremists enter Ghazni;  Day 4: Rebels take Logar;  Day 5: Taliban approaches Wardak;  Day six: The national liberators will arrive today in their faithful Kabul.
Congrats US and Nato
Lol, it is not “shocking” at all. Everyone but you are shocked that ghani left. It’s all propaganda by Alba era and the like. Most of the provinces have retaken by Taliban without firing a single bullet. That can’t happen if they didn’t have major public support.
Imran khan words proved true
.. Well ..That wraps up the Afghanistan Mission . Next .       Win some , lose some
"God has promised us victory. Bush has promised us defeat.We will see which promise is more truthful" --Mullah Omar, 2001. Love from a corrupted Bangladesh.
Not even sure if Afganistan is a country.  Just a bunch of different tribes .   The Taliban will be fighting each other soon enough.
That's a peaceful change of power.There are no super powers in the world.All people are equal.
It simply proves that Afghanistan isn't ready to join the rest of the world in the 21st century. The best US policy from here on should be to routinely napalm the poppy fields and cut off the Taliban's source of income.
This is bad for humanity....God save afgani people..🙏
I just love the fact that they are willing to fight the UN criminal empire. Countries should do this often, not saying that Muslism is a religion or anything. Had Lybia done this, the criminals would have been punished and they could have had their country.
Lol running away like a rat
Joe Biden: don’t make me bring out Barack Obama’s red line in the sand.  Don’t do it or else.
What a waste!  Afghan's don't want to fight for their freedom, so why should we?  The US military hasn't had many victories lately.
how usa making fool the whole world. there been all arrangements to bring this terrorirst organization named as taliban managed by usa india. there are no any more  officials of any usa and other countries in afganistan all been moved already .
Puppets cant take stand let him re-open takeaway in America
Usa royally screwed up.  Usa should have just taken over afghan n treat it like puerto rico.
Afghanistan was unwilling to fight for their own freedom. We wasted 20 years there for NOTHING. We were never wanted there. Idiots in the media didn't see this coming, I saw this coming 20 years ago. Idiots... We suck at this stuff. Iraq was also a disaster. We can't even keep our own country on track for democracy.
Where is this president who is not afraid of rocket attacks?🤔😅😅
( did I hear chicken?)
Preachers don't practice and practicioners don't preach. That is the reality for everyone to learn. History keeps repeating.
Tu kan apa saya bilang,pasti kabur
even COVID doesnt want to mess with them
keep in mind the Taliban is not offering Amnesty and Protection of women's rights out of the kindness of their heart, the Taliban itself is not the Taliban of 20 years ago, they have many non-religious and even christian fighters among their ranks who joined specifically to fight the USA and Afghan governments. any sort of crackdown on US of Government sympathizers, or on Women, would lead to the Taliban fracturing and Afghanistan falling into a civil war.
Afghanistan and Kabul are now free. Claims a Taliban spokes person.
Everyone here saying coward is probably scared of any real confrontation.
I wonder how much American money he took with him.
God bless Donny T
yeah run forrest run
I think not 90 days but 90 hours
Hello man , where is your mask 😷?
Congress
Ghani is a paid for stooge ....pathetic.
Oh my God!!!!
That's so sad! 😥
America :we are super power.  Taliban   :let me test your power. 😂😂😂
The Afghan gov't was duly elected.  The Taliban, having seized power by force, would have to disarm and hold elections.  Otherwise, they will face US and UN sanctions.  Americans refused to accept that Afghanistan is no nation-state.  It's a patchwork of tribal and feudalistic territories run by warlords.  The south and east are Pathan as the NWFP in Pakistan.  The north and west are Hazara as in Uzbekistan. The Hazara will not allow the Pathan-led Taliban to take their traditional homeland in northern and western Afghanistan.  The Hazara elements in the Afghan Army have crossed the border into  Uzbekistan.  Ashraf stepped down because he's Pathan.  There are more Pathan in India than in Pakistan and Afghanistan put together. There are many Pathan in Bollywood besides the Khan.  The Patani in Tamil Nadu, for example, are descendants of Pathan men and Tamil women. They speak Urdu and Tamil.  The Pathan in India mostly speak Hindi and Urdu. Only a minority speak Pashto. RJ doesn't speak Pashto.  The Pathan in Malaya are in fact Patani.  The Pathan can be found in Sabah. They are fairer than the Patani.  America may be a nation-state but it still swears by new forms of tribalism and feudalism under the guise of democracy.  Red states and Blue states are merely tribalism and feudalism at work.  In M'sia, the Orang Asal and Malay practise new forms of tribalism and feudalism under the guise of democracy.
Why did he not leave when America told him to?
You talk only women right nonsense . What are the lasebian???
Thanks for losing the war for us Democrats.
American defeated by Taliban army ,that is why they run away quickly
Shocked.. A soldier prefer martyrdom over defeat. How can the govt betray their people. They had air support and modern weapon but not the brave heart or leader
Is he vacationing with Joe Biden?
The current president of Afghanistan is from taliban tribe, what were u expecting?  None of taliban word is trusted, they are uneducated savages who can't even know how to hold a pen.
It’s actually really embarrassing that the Afghan army lost the entire country so fast. There’s no way they were even fighting, Taliban had to have infiltrated it over the last 10 years
who will chear on the talibutts...
Biden is old, weak, and crumble.  The world is looking for leadership and we are unable to give them.
Lol The President ......Making it easy for the Taliban.
Oh Lord .
New emir  of Afghanistan Mullah Abdul Ghani Baradar
Work from home for NATO
Coward. Looted Afghanistan and ran to his banks abroad
Taliban not a *slamic terrorist organisation It's a Group oh Freedom Fighters 🥵
Shame on u shame on america shame on america fick u america bullshit big mouth let's u can face with chaina
Trump would not approve of abandoning your country like a coward.
Anyone know of a non mainstream media source that is covering this?
Two choices , a hermit /pariah state or a moderate ? Islamic country  with international recognition , of course that will come with reservations , the biggest being that the country doesn't become a safe haven for jihadist terror groups
So who is all the trillions of dollars in the hands of now?? I mean we know who's hands the weapons and machinery are in.... We aren't talking b.b guns and monopoly money... This ladies and gentlemen smells like a very bad combination.
Joe Biden started growing his beard. Just in case...
Saigon fell three years after the americans left, Kabul couldn't resist for three weeks .
Where is the Afgan army trained by super powers
The Taliban  should change their flags to black and move on to Palestine and destroy Apartheid IsraHell.
Pakistan Zindabad 🤍 Islami Emirates Zindabad  🇵🇰🤍🏳️
This was so easy for the Taliban. Didn’t even break a sweat.
Taliban freedom fighter zindabbad.
88 billions spent by US on Afghan for 20 years  fell in just 1 month, what kind training was it lol
I can't even imagine the fear in the poor citizens of that city right now...
Remember when usa departed very recently they left weapons and humvees and god knows what else for whom??
This is another mess America have left behind no matter where they go they leave devastation ,they leave a mess in  every country they have interfered with .
Perfect Revenge by Pakistan on USA for Abot'Bad but, a Decade Late...!!!
Heidi Ho!
Osama bin Laden will be happy watching from heaven
Ma Sha Allah.great
What a shame for USA, it's the same situation like Sigon.
The news well it exposes the double standards in real life and reality of Life.
Taliban Zindabad
Build Biden a bunker where he can kill hisself. And count the AS Diplomats as coronadeads. And push the figures.
طاقتیں تمہاری ہیں اور خدا ہمارا ہے  عکس پر نہ اِتراؤ، آئینہ ہمارا ہے  آپ کی غلامی کا، بوجھ ہم نہ ڈھوئیں گے آبرو سے مرنے کا، فیصلہ ہمارا ہے   عمر بھر تو کوئی بھی، جنگ لڑ نہیں سکتا تم بھی ٹوٹ جاؤ گے، تجربہ ہمارا ہے   فتح کابل کے بعد بوریہ نشین طلبہ نے عام معافی کا اعلان کردیا،کھربوں ڈالرز جھونکنے کے بعد امریکہ کی ذلت آمیز شکست مکمل ،قندھار کے قبرستان میں آسودہ روح عمر کی سچائی دنیا پر ثابت ہوگئی  انتم الاعلون ان کنتم مومنین  تم ہی غالب آو گے اگر سچے مومن ہو
Love for both Afghanistan army & Islamic army  They're the true brave ❤💙
Patriatic Taliwan Afgans ,Should not kill any people. Transfer  of powers should be peacefully. Respect all the people of yr country.
well... just how much of the US Tax Dollars did the leader of Afghanistan put into that helicopter he took while leaving the country....  thanks biden... ya putz
People fail to realize that the Taliban are dependant on Pakistan. For everything. Afghanistan will be dependant on Pakistan as a direct result of the Taliban takeover.
You are legend, When you know everything was planned and there was a talk between US and Taliban even before...
I don't understand about taliban..my condolences to the people of Afghanistan..stay strong people..
What a radicalized religious cluster fck caused largely by USA.
He knows what happened to the soviet puppet in 1990s...
Whenever I see him my inner soul insist me to spit on him face 😂😂😂😂
Welcome Tali
The crupt puppet government are running with the tale in their legg they never had a public support that's why they are running abroad I hope and pray that Taliban are not the Taliban off 1992 and give the Wright's of education for girls
Ha a small presence at the airport lol 😆😄🤣😂😅
On next short video UN holds Taliban respronsibe for global warming.
President Trump made a Mess of Words on Twitter & kept Peace in the World. Biden has brought Censored Peace to Twitter & made a Mess of Peace.
Ghani? more like Gone-y...
3 dollars gas inflation everywhere lost to talyban thanks joe
The same caos as US leaved Vietnam
I guess it's clear who the real leaders of Afghanistan are
All who was there know these fast  offensive  will happend after all move out
mubarak to all afghanistan 🇦🇫 Allah o akbar
A coward PRESIDENT. This is urinating to G W .Bush CHENEY face and graveyard of RUMFELD.  REJOICE REJOICE REJOICE. What a day.
0:20 Simple Language: Keep up the fight guys, Uncle Sam found a place for me.
Smh wasted lives, trillions of dollars.. And resources in Afghanistan .. Took the US 20yrs to invade Afghanistan and yet it only took  2months for talibans to completely take over the country.. This is embarrassing
You don't deserve to be a leader for running like this. 😪 For me I'll run away because I'm not a leader. But you are a leader and your running away to save your own skin while your people suffer, you don't deserve to be a leader. A real leader is a leader that stay with his people live with his people fight with his people and die with his people.
Happy for peaceful transfer of power on the basis of teachings of ISLAM.
All thanks to the American President .horrible
Afghan government was a joke all along.  only Taliban can run the country  .God willing.
The American and United kingdom policy are killing and stealing.they stolen everythings from AFGHANISTAN. SHAME on you.
Well there it is, the guys in robes beat the largest military on earth. Pathetic.
Taliban refilled the power vacuum, and got a bunch of new recruits, impressive
Transition of power ? Oh Al Jazeera
many people think Taliban took Afghanistan  easy real reason no one else not any western country is no more interested on Afghanistan any more , Afghanistan  for years
Cowards
What a traitor. He didnt even negotiate for his people.  He left his country and the people behind to fend for themselves.  God help the Afghans.
Very soon before a Hollywood movie, there will a Bollywood Movie of Indians breaking Taliban's barrier and escaping to India.
Wow    what a brave nation   half of army ran away to Tajikistan and  Pm run away to US
So Ghani regime is over with bags full of dollars being a puppet of USA 😂😂😂, good times for people of Afghanistan who are hailing Taliban as heroes.
The conspiracy of the international leaders to ignite civil war in Afganistan is bravely evated by Taliban leaders
US lost thousands of soldiers, US spend billions,  What were they doing there? Why will they do next?
He made a bold statement when there is no chance to win that is a dumb decision. Fleeing is the only option. Even if he stay there its no help then why he would throw away his life ?
Qatar will be the happiest 😂
soo thats what he meant with mobilizing
"Wrong-Way" Joe strikes again! Another Joe SCREW UP!!!
*Why Are You Guys Concentrating On US Government Only When There Are Many Countries There? We Have UK And EU Intelligence In The Area Too, Why Aren't We Seeing That? Talibans Are Parts And Parcel Of Afghanistan, Why Are You Playing It Like A Defeat For The US??. Should They Harbour Terrorists That Come Mess With Us In The USA Again, We Will Go Back And Kick Them Out, Simple*
Search on YT family guy Vietnam memorial. Coz that basically what happened
this is why Army never fought, they knew their death will go in vain, Even so-called great conquerors like Alexander , Napolean used to flee when they were about to lose, leaders lead soldiers in unnecessary war so long as they are safe, once realizing they are about to die, they surrender or flee!!
Looks like the Taliban are the Afghan people.  Afghanistan did not invite the US to bomb and occupy and convert them to western values. Not surprised at all.
It's not Saigon 'lite', but more like the Khmer Rouge takeover of Cambodia. More fun to come...🤣
I am concerned for the safety of ordinary Afghans.  I pray that they are protected from radical terrorists.  Soon the Afghans will be saved from medieval barbarism.  And what kind of religious brotherhood is this where women and children, ordinary Afghans, are being harassed and attacked for fear of insecurity.
India, what a gift for you on your Independence Day. 🤣
The US created it all in the first place.
Al Qaida and ISIS are getting back into Afghanistan soon, welcomed by the Taliban. Meanwhile the Taliban frees prisoners like Al Qaida/ISIS terrorists, murderers, rapists and other criminals.
Wise move from him. They should just let the taliban take over and start over et have their country to themselves. They are all afghans after all.
If they steel talaban will jop their hand
I dont know if he left i would say he ran as fast as he could. Wonder how much cash he took with him.
USA’s 20 years in Afghanistan proved to be most expensive joke in the history of mankind.
Why should we care about 38 million sheep that allow 50,000 cavemen to control thies lives and country?
𝗧𝗵𝗲 𝗨𝗦 𝗺𝗶𝘀𝗰𝗮𝗹𝗰𝘂𝗹𝗮𝘁𝗶𝗼𝗻𝘀 𝗼𝗳 𝘂𝗻𝗱𝗲𝗿𝘀𝘁𝗮𝗻𝗱𝗶𝗻𝗴 𝘁𝗵𝗲 𝗿𝗼𝗼𝘁𝘀 𝗼𝗳 𝘁𝗵𝗲 𝗔𝗳𝗴𝗵𝗮𝗻 𝗽𝗲𝗼𝗽𝗹𝗲.. why the so called 300,000 US trained Afghan troops do not defend the country against the Taliban.. may peace and progress be upon the Afghan people..  𝟮𝟬 𝘆𝗲𝗮𝗿𝘀 𝗮𝗴𝗼 𝘁𝗵𝗲 𝗱𝗮𝗻𝗴𝗲𝗿𝗼𝘂𝘀 𝗲𝗻𝗲𝗺𝘆 𝗰𝗿𝗲𝗮𝘁𝗲𝗱 𝘁𝗵𝗲 𝟵-𝟭𝟭 𝗳𝗮𝗹𝘀𝗲 𝗳𝗹𝗮𝗴𝘀.. so that they can start the war in occupying Afghanistan, Iraq and Syria.. the ~900km frontline to stage war in encircling Iran for the greater Israel new world order.. then they created Daesh terrorists for the turmoil in Iraq and Syria for their continuous occupation of the region in the so called war on terrorism.. after trillions of dollars spend and millions of people killed due to wars and illegal sanctions in the region.. now that they have lost the air superiority over Iran and considering that their presence only post greater risks as mere sitting duck targets by hundred thousands Iranian pin-point accuracy ballistic missiles.. mission accomplished considering the greatest blunder of the deep state of America history.. the enemy has no military options on the table against Iran but to accept the JCPOA nuclear agreement.. and start the political diplomacy with Iran.. with China and Russia already getting close with Iran in diplomatic, military and economic alliance.. with the world war on Covid-19 pandemic still going on.. let's hope for the better future.. may truth peace and justice prevail for the world and of all mankind.. Ameen..
I’m just glad Kabul fell without bloodshed so the Afghans themselves don’t have to suffer a drawn out war and destruction in the streets of their capital.
So After the 20 years of War, Now USA is leaving after loss of a lot lives and 3 trillion dollars. Gaining nothing but just Humiliation and Accepting those people whom they have called as terrorists as the rulers of Afghanistan.
Coward leader and coward afghan army 🚴‍♂️🚴‍♂️🚴‍♂️
You can't be surprised. They said they were coming. You spend years, years, and years. All to show you don't want to stand on your own 2 feet. Is this really a surprise or a shame? First thing the president does is pack up and walk. Wow!
Lol. Epic fail by numerous parties.
Ilove islam talban
A coward was leading the nation.
Meanwhile, America has gone socialist.  Seems the entire world is losing freedom.... and it's going away so so fast.
Long live ISI! Short live General Musharraf!
China will invade and conquer
Joe puppet Biden
Rebel Inc. Mega Brutal
The largest and most powerful armies in the world brought to their knees. Amazing
America's response to Afghanistan people fearing Taliban attacks 🙈🙉🙊
Dear Al Jazeera, looks like you are happy with Taliban ruling Afghanistan...how about Taliban ruling qatar for an year??
Another Vietnam War Version in 2021. Do not trust the US lol
I have no words
Vietnam ver2
Military should have taken control and fight with Taliban, its over now for them
'Bush has promised us defeat while Allah has promised us victory. We'll see which of the two is more truthful' - Mullah Umar, 2001
He is not going to move an opportunist to live in the west or USA.
Longest Fortnite match in history, where's US dropping next?
they have already released all the prizoners.
They say women's rights under sharia will be respected.
A true coward!! He left his citizens behind to be tortured and killed, while he lives in the USA or another foreign nation living the life. What do you expect when a puppet regime is in power. Pure lip service and no substance.
Taliban is faster than the Wuhan virus.
Even Ashraf Khani  before he was a fake president kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk salute you from Somalia
If the lion of panjshir was alive he would have looked in disbelief at what is happening in Afghanistan.
They went from 18 months, 90 days, 30 days, 72 hours, to it's already over really fast...
News + half truths +perception management + opinions, is the way reportage is done by the western media.
The Taliban already have started requiring full burkas for women, not allowing girls to go to school and executions in towns they now control. 🤔
Listen once again you "endians"  your own words "T" ea (TALIBAN VICTORY) is Fantastic 😂😂😂😂 (Historic Quote by a surrender pilot: great abhi nandun)
"Hey you, Whitehouse...  Ha ha, charade you are" 🤡
Russia needs to invade Afghanistan again..
You must have something to fight for. If not freedom, it must be food and security. Our democrats in Congress have prevented both of these things for 20 years. Afghanistan is huge and desolate. We should have built them WALLS, not politicians. We should have given them manufacturing, not military. In ten year they would have fought to keep it. But our democrat politicians are racists and dont actually care if these human beings die
Well when you invade a foreign country this is exactly what happens. The Afghan people never wanted us there!!!!
All circles presuppose they'll end where they begin But only in their leaving can they ever come back around All circles presuppose they'll end where they begin But only in their leaving can they ever come back around
The pace of taliban’s movement and the president’s fleeing just goes to show that the government was never legitimately supported by the people. Twenty f*ng years and we got this????? Slow clap for Murrricaaaa…….f yeaaaa
Taliban rule will be at the barrel of a gun, you agree with us or you Die!
Reporter to joe biden: Mr president do you think taliban will topple Afghan government?  Joe Biden: That is absolutely not possible because we train and support the afghan government.  Taliban: Come on sleepy joe. Don’t underestimate us.
See he was a puppet  If he was the real Afghani He'll have never left the country
Alhamdulillah. Western medias say Taliban will take 3 months to capture Afghanistan it only within fews  days Taliban captured all Afghanistan. Alhamdulillah.
Taliban , welcome to islamic state of afghanistan, make afghanistan great again , no violence, forgiving each other , peace afghanistan  ...
This is so sad 😢 I blame the USA
He did the thing that the US taught him...cluck cluck cluck cluck cluck...
These stupid reporters are deceiving you. Taliban want to destroy western ideas. They will kill at will, you fools. Let’s be clear… This is a total take over. Ripped outta the Russian play book.
SHAME on American,United kingdom,Qatar  Saudi Arabian, they are sponsoring.  Taliban ,daesh
Give the Taliban a couple months to get settled in then NUKE the key cities. Killem all let god sort em out.
Finally Al Jazeera efforts give fruits
They should of gassed them prisoners  While they had them locked up
The USA puppets left the country. 20yrs of sophisticated training but....
They are saying " muslim ruling " and now they say "women's rights will be respected"  ya ya ya, sure... those go hand in hand.
They took Kabul from 90 days to 90 hours lol
The "Most Powerful Country in the world" beaten and bled  like a goat  (By shoe less goat herders). Probably not making a very intimidating  image to our adversaries.
We people should understand our politicians to whichever country we belong- they are all good at blah blah & blaming the past governments & nothing more.
Running away???!!!
This guy has failed horribly! He said he had things under control but here we are!
So soon ....very good....kill each other...
is it really a shock or you actually so surprised that history once again repeated itself you stupid F
LoL that was fast 😂😂😂 USA:👁️👄👁️
Coward president, look what US supported.
Blinken is a ducking idiot and a manipulator. It is just like Saigon if not worse.
Words of mullah Omar VOA: If you fight America with all your might - can the Taliban do that? Won't America beat you and won't your people suffer even more?  Omar: I'm very confident that it won't turn out this way. Please note this: there is nothing more we can do except depend on almighty God. If a person does, then he is assured that the Almighty will help him, have mercy on him and he will succeed.
There are many more who remember the 90s Taliban rule with fondness because the rule was much better than what was shown by the West. The West lies and lies constantly. They don't lie about the news but the narrative which they infuse with the news is Islamophobic and racist.
A total of 2,312 US military personnel in Afghanistan have died and 20,066 have been wounded since 2001. The number of civilian deaths in Afghanistan range from 35,000 to 40,000, while the cost of military operations is put at $824bn.  For what ?? What’s the end results???   Taliban is black !!!   Regardless of Opium drugs and power !!  My point is::  I wonder how father and mother feels losing one or both kids in Afghan war and  in the end ….Taliban is back !!  How that American father-mom  feels !!   It’s mind boggling! Flabbergasted beyond your imagination.
Without the cooperation with current government structure taliban will fail to take takeover Afghanistan 🇦🇫
This is good news!  The Taliban now controls the worlds largest landfill.  Let them have it.  Next time they get out of line just carpet bomb them into paste ... no need to send ground troops.
Alhamdulillah thank Taliban
Biden failure
Goodbye and good riddance, Ashraf
Even Covid-19 Fled Afghanistan
Is there any Rothschild Central bank in Afganistan now or not?
Good job removing NATO nations from Afghan
The coward has left. This guy has sold his country to the Talibans.
Coward run away leaving his people to Suffer All we can  hope that Taliban will rule according to Islamic Jurisprudence not by there own will just to make Subject life worse
Lol.
Congratulations Sahin sir...love from India
Off to spend those million$
Talibans finished the game in easy mode
The graveyard of so called super powers!!!!
Where are indians? Hum ya kr dain ga wo kr dain ga... Or kia kia? Tati
If you call yourself a captain and the ship is sinking, you're supposed to be the LAST to leave. You go down with that ship if that's what you have to do.
Weeh 🙆🏾‍♀️ kama rais atoroka? sembuse wanainchi?
Well that was expected 🤣
Absolutely disgusting how this sham of the network is saying that oh it's a peaceful transfer of power let's talk about the murders and rapes and beheadings that's happening there every f****** minute
Somalia is better then the corrupt Afghan government
Where is Captain America ?
Who will be next to try and dominate Aghanistan? CCP?
A wild animal will never change its ways!
Jesus, seeing a Taliban fighter with an American rifle is just humiliating.
puppet knows he is actually a traitor to his own people and his time is up
How Many fighters do taliban have? and wut kind of weapons ,do they have tanks airplanes helicopter 😃 i wonder why they xcant stop them
al jazeera to happy for taliban
Congratulations
India have left the Chat...
Zindabat Taliban ✊
Another syria..
Once upon a time, there was a president of afghanistan,Ashraf  ghani😂😂
"President Ashraf Ghani Fled Afghanistan."
congratulations Talaban
Taliban hanged former president najibullah at open square in kabul back in 1995 when they took over kabul. Ghani had no choice but to leave the capital.
Is the 'Big Guy' still on vacation?
No one will recognize the Taliban The AFGHAN Government will regroup
He just stated. Everything is under control! ( While heading to the Airport)
20 years for nothing
He left so would i get out of dodge Afghanistan population 37 million wants the Taliban that's what the outside world needs to understand
Oh well - it’s their country.  Move on
😁😁😁😁Hahaha
The world is stunned, dazed...so are the superpowers....
Ghani who was fascist always calling non-Pushtoons spies of Tajikstan and Iran, he sought shelter from that country. Shame on Ghani MF
Afghanistan Has Fallen
*Bruh moment*
Western media went from “3 months” to “72 hours” yesterday to “Kabul has fallen” today
😂😂😂😂😂 ...left?...he is planed dog..
Biden left all behind that help Trump was a Peace deal maker he would of never left those children and women Biden took no advice from the General's never spoke to the other foriegn leaders complete disgrace
20 year's American Defeat😂
It will mean a return to brutal strict Sharia law, Taliban style, no matter what assurances they make. That comes from the Taliban that have already taken over surrounding territories...💀
Monumental defeat of the USA-EUROPE-NATO-US ARMY. A millionaire war paid with the taxes of the citizens, one more war more lost by our 3rd Level Politicians.  It is shameful that a group of hungry, barefoot people have defeated the 1st army in the world. This is equal to Saigon.  Let's forget about bringing the demond-cra-CIA to the world.
The US is an expert on putting the worst leaders on the pedestals, both domestically and abroad.
Hahaha Finally america puppet leave the country 😂😂😂😂
"Women's rights will be protected..."  Wanna bet?
Good work Joe Biden.  You are not the president
20 years to build airports, dams, roads, hotels, electrical and waterway networks.......ALL gifted to TALIBAN, NO STINGS ATTACHED, free of cost.
The  Al Jazeera  news team is the best in the world.
HMMMM? Looks like my 30 Afghanistan Treasury Bonds might be in danger of default!
Good
Look at the weapons they are carrying in the video, we just armed an entire terrorist army with American weapons.
He is no leader, all the soldiers and policemen who died fighting so far died for nothing.
The religion of peace strikes again
cmon guys give the country back to its people 😁 Allahu Akbar am so happy for that moment , following twitter and YouTube for hours .. dont delay 😪
Ashraf Ghani a coward leaving his countrymen to suffer. He should not be allowed to any other country
God save the Taliban 🙏
1971 .... we lost east pakistan OUR ARMY DRESSED IN TALIBAN WON AFGHANISTAN PAKISTAN AFGHANISTAN ONE COUNTRY UNITED!! we salute our dead pak soldiers
JUST NUKE THAT COUNTRY... IT WILL BE OVER IN A DAY.
President Ashraf Ghani , number one coward!
Run to the hills!
Saw this coming 🤐
We need Taliban rule in Pakistan also 😍😍😍
May ALLAH help the helpess people of Afghanistan:)
The traitor Ghani is doing what the traitor Trump should do.We let all types of traitors and liars live a good life in the US.The more corrupt and evil the better
Here: 'Great Imran Khan' There: 'Great Afghan Taliban' What a beautiful combination of Islam.
This is so interesting. Taliban is real deal indeed. Somehow I thought the Taliban are a bunch of terrorists who dont have the manpower or weapon power to take over so quickly afganistans cities. Yep, i dont know very well afghanistans or talibans history
It seems the US helped the Taliban by leaving materials and rounding up the Afghan army for them to recruit. It’s a shame that so many lives were lost just to end in retreat and surrender.
Well the Empire finally ran out of money and left Afghanistan.
That shocked a total of 0 people.  That president had less balls than my castrated dog.
What about an embassy on the  🚁? 🤦‍♀️
I would have done the same thing instead of surrendering to Talibans. Leave the country and fight back to remove Talibans.
Alhamdulillah
Finally power shifted to the clueless snaks who does not have any idea on what they going to do with all those power....yess they just want tO take afganistan back to 200 years old where it all started and where they use tree leaf instead of pajama🤣🤣
India media very concerned about Afghanistan i think Taliban next target India so be careful India  taliban is coming 🤣😆🤣😆🤣😆😎
All that money if you cant get you military to fight then what good is all that money and Equipment.
Oh no, I was waiting for the resignation of Ghani at a public square like Najibullah. All the pop corn wasted!!
What happened to fighting for pride! Never In History Has A Army Just Surrendered Their Capital!
That Prison is not next to Bagram it's on Bagram! If they got that prison well they have Bagram!
Is that something to get Surprise of ??? We all see that coming
Next Iraq Syria Lybia.
'Islamic Republic of Pakistan' fully support 'Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan'.
This town ain't big enough for the both of us 💪
Blood will be on the hands of India too. They could have given a little bit more supports to Afgan people. Still, India is a child in Geo-politics. Have to admit it.   Sorry to say that.
আলহামদুলিল্লাহ
He is making sure he is getting all his GOLD and Money out of the country!
Concern? After 20 years, the country has been destroyed to rubbles, the worst case scenario is to believe the west.
It at least proved the standard of military training Indians gave to so called Afghan army who preferred to surrender. Indian payroll is in chaos 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
The only shock here is when he says it's quite a shock
Ghani already knew he was fleeing when he recorded that footage. What a traitor... They didn't even pay the salary of the special forces regularly, let alone for regular soldiers or policemen. All that Western money, taxpayer dollars, went into the pockets of the corrupt elite. They had 20 yrs to prepare for an exit scenarip but the US didn't learn from history. The responsible military strategist are clueless about Afghan culture & history, the tribalism, customs...I feel bad for young Afghans who believed in these promises and fervently embraced this visipn of a prospering peaceful Afghanistan where women are being treated fairly as citizens, how disillusioned they must be. A shame what's going on right now!
Next is Iraq
Afghani people want Taliban to come in power to form govt. just like Israel is Jews State, just Vatican is Christian state, and Varanasi is hindu state, what is wrong in it.
Ghani freed Taliban prisoners betrayed other Afghans. Ghani gifted Afghanistan to Taliban then he run away like a coward.
Afghan Taliban Leadership announces;  "Amnesty for all, NO one's (Tajik, Uzbek, Hazara & other ethnic communities / groups) life, property and dignity will be harmed ,,, All Shia Afghans are our Muslim brothers and sisters ,,, Women's rights will be fully respected and protected ,,, Everyone will have complete freedom in exercising their sectarian beliefs ,,, If a Taliban Fighter is found abusing someone in violation of the orders of the Emir of Islamic Emirate, he will be brought to justice and punished according to Islamic Shriaa Laws".  MashaALLAH ,,, Afghan Taliban commemorated the conquest of Makkah ,,, ALLAH-o-Akber !!!
Saigon is taking over by the viet cong , the communist.  The whole country is in turmoil we don't have rights,  freedom of speech now that with the delta variant they don't even let people get out of the house, they been locking up people over 6 weeks people starved to death days by days by the hundreds .n if u get out they will arrest u n beat u to death or starved to death. We need your help 🙏 why don't u bring the military from Afghanistan to Vietnam to help us .
Ok but where the masks are on Taliban??????
Such a brave president he is
This is the exact reason why the US is to stay with 2A
The saddest part is a lot of good Afghan soldiers were killed off while resisting - overall let down by their government and other “soldiers”. My heart breaks for the women and children there. This is what happens when a barbaric desert cult tries to impose their barbaric religion in the modern world.
But..but the CIA said it would be months before Kabul fell..  Makes you think.
Blinken: This is not Saigon, It is just Saigon Part 2 with a little bit of Star Wars thrown in.
F
Coward Ghani
I can't see the Rambo
And People Think they Gonna Bring Peace And Stability to Afghanistan.. My Heart Goes To The Good People of Afghanistan
He had his American passport ready 😂😂
Bunch of cowers running away
The entire objective of the was was to root out the Giant of Kandahar.
If the Taliban says women's rights will be respected and amnesty will be provided. That means women's rights will not be respected and amnesty will not be provided. Very easy to understand these people, just think the opposite
This is amazing.
I am happy to see taliban coming to power
Pathetic.
I thought it would take days for Taliban to take Kabul, it took only couple of hours. It's game over
Ah ah.....like every us puppets
Peaceful transfer ?? LOL
اللہ اکبر  لاغالب الا اللہ
The question is who is on the other side of the negotiations for peaceful transition? Taliban and the Taliban negotiations.
Did Afghan soldiers fail United States or US failed Afghan people by letting them down
I really hope the US can get out the translators and those who assisted the US. I would imagine their days are numbered if the taliban gets ahold of them. I hope the innocent Afghans survive this.
Taliban take over Afghanistan faster then then the Chinese build a hospital.
He probably decided to go on VACATION like Ted Cruz did last winter.
Puppet Leader Flees ... :(  Rats are the first to jump the sinking ship.  Hopefully now Afghanis will be able to elect their own representative without external interference.
Corruption rules and Afghanistan gets the return of a brutal Taliban. Reap what you sew. They wanted this and everyone knew it and the end result. Taliban thanks the US for all the arms they left for them to pick up. Did they get the airforce?
Go go ghani
Very bad day  for  India  3 months before indian official said  They will  launch his Army  to protect Ashraf ghani government  .. and will war with Taliban .... even 2 months before indian send 80 tons  weapons for fight with taliban.... INDIAN LOST  WAR  HERE AND PAKISTAN WON 🏆  no more place in Afghanistan for India   ... 15th  August is India independence day   SO  THEY  GET A GIFT  🎁 FROM PAKISTANI POLICES MAKER ..I hope  now  Modi  will realise it  Peace is everything for human  and  area ..... Even he can  safe India  by peace talks
Breaking News — More shots were fired in Chicago last night then in the take over of Afghanistan—
My gosh why do we give Notice  for withdrawal?
Love you TALIBAN ❤️❤️ Allah bless and give you more Power.
great
After the soviets left the communist Afghan Goverment survived for 3 years only collapsing when the soviet union itself ceased to exist.  The American havent even fully left afghanistan yet...
Alhamdulillah
I say leave them to their own device since the US has left the country with their tail between their legs
Correction: American puppet Ashraf Ghan leaves Afghanistan.
May God have mercy on Afghan people now.
Yesterday he was seen yelling we will fight till death... Seems his death means leaving the country only...
Congratulations Afghanistan well come to the end of puphet government !!! The USA and some western regimes should learn a lesson from this dramatic defeat
Free Afghanistan, Pakistan and US destroyed Afghanistan ,
The cowardice is evident
Ashraf Ghani was an American dag .
Finally Afghanistan is gonna be free from American influence, Evil USA has lost....
I predict that the Taliban will disintegrate from within. Power corrupts. They have bitten off more than they can chew. Too much too fast. Genghis, Alexander, Adolf, and the Romans have learned this lesson. Historically and geographically, Afghanistan, has been unstable and difficult to govern. Splinter groups will form, differences of opinion about Islam, women, money, rules, customs and culture will pervade the organization. It won't be pretty.
Holy forehead Batman
🇦🇫🏳️🇦🇫🏳️🇦🇫🏳️🇦🇫🏳️
President fleeing when his country is in trouble. What a coward.
Bigger, nonsense President
The amount of support the Taliban is getting in all of these comments is disgusting. All of your comments will age well ONCE they move in all of there fighters and they start doing what they do best and terrorize women and children with beheadings when they dont follow suit with there agenda. But you are all safe behind your keyboards and not involved in this evil take over.
"Who is charge of Kabul, with the president leaving?" Here's another question- Who's in charge in Washington while Biden is in hiding?
So much a man can do when the whole country throws their weapons down not much you can expect these savages can't be trusted
They have no discipline, their command structure is week, bloodshed is sure to follow, it's like harding cats.
MashAllah
Where are the white western feminist crying about women and lgbt rights 😂😂
Sorry to young Americans who died in Afghanistan for 20 yrs just for nothing politics is bad
No, really? Nobody saw that coming
August 15, 2021 :  Afghan Taliban have literally turned India's Independence Day into India's Devastation / Declination Day !!!
Not president just Ashraf Ghani
US intelligence: Taliban will reach within 90 days to kabul Taliban: Hold my turban
We all hate those Taliban which media how media represent them
Such a coward leaving own innocent people behind 😔
Biden harris pelosi .they are coming after americans now .NOW WHAT
The Afghan President is a puppet for US interests, he ran out of the country with the rest of the US and British paper pushers.
No money no fighting, peace is a better choice for mankind.
all are running away, lol
People who still say agfhan shoulf fight against taliban are the most coward people on earth. Talibans are the same group who made US to chee dust, how could afgahn fight with them. It was best thing done by ghani to prevent the bloodshed and accept the defeat that was inevitable 😒
Alhamdulillah
Congratulations Afghanistan
The ending can be guess
Hamid Kharzai had run away long ago
THE RETURN OF KILLING FIELDS !!!
Coward !!!
So Ashraf Ghani is the Afghnaistan's version of Nawaz Sharif 😆
What a leader 😅🔨
Islam is the religion of peace : 2021
they may blow them
😂
He takes responsibility for their death 😂 😂 What a beta
Dogs run when lions are in town..wellcome back boys
09 2021 - 09 2022 a new CHEMITA YEAR the same situation before 9 11
How much money did the Americans waste on training the Afghan army?
Even Afgan govt can't save his country 3  weeks...!!!??? But they expenses billions of dollars for tranning...!!!??? Shame Afgan govt Shame....!!!???
I hope the UN security council is not going to allow the NATO to invade any country in the name of democracy again.
It was a 20-20 game; what took USA & NATO 20 years to take was retaken by Taliban in just 20 days 😆
Anytime a Muslim says, “…and God willing” you know they are going to fail. It conveys that whoever is saying it, they are not convinced of their words or the outcome from the situation.
lol he done lining his bank accounts,
Move forward for the future of Afghan nation .. reconciliation and peace of all the living in Afghanistan...thanks god for no blood has been shed
Anyone from India🇮🇳
a few hours ago the president told it's people everything was ok... and not to fear...
Ashraf ghani woman
Just gave up. Stop giving Afghanistan any financial support. They want it this way
So ex-president Ghani Chinese friends didn't take him... Not surprising.
Maybe in 15 - 20 years the US and Russia can combine powers and re-invade Afghanistan as a reunion tour.
Responsibility by leaving!
Coward! Just coward! Same thing with Mexican politicians they all flee when the heat gets to the office. Spiting on all the uniformed men and women who died defending their country and politicians.   SHAMEFUL
Taliban can never be trusted with their amnesty. It's over for Afghans. Everyone run if you can.
Where is india.. ?Afghanistan’s  best friend mr modi? Bromance…why did not modi helped ghani ? ., I thought they r best buddies..
This is terrible so sad to watch this happen I wish we could take all those people with us I feel so bad for all the women and children those women’s life are fixing to get real sh!tty I feel so bad for them
Most pathetic army in the world. Afghan army.
A bloodbath in the making
"to prevent looting".. 🤦
U.S. POLITICS....
BACK TO THE STONE AGE.
Well this was all planned. America were negotiating with the Taliban months ago in Doha.
Afghanistan has always been ruled by those in control
Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Allahu Akbar! Congratulations to Amir  Mullah Abdul Ghani Baradar The head of Islamic Emirates Of Afghanistan.
People say the fal of kabul I say the conquest of kabul
Good reporting, sad day
SHAME ON HIM. The rest of his citizens ARENT ABLE to leave! He obviously LIED to them in his spineless statement!
The Taliban are sending a message of thanks to Biden for all the war material and other stuff they left behind for them......
Maybe Taliban has won the hearts and minds of Afghan people
American puppet is run away from Afghanistan like American army..
🆘✈️🆘
Im sure he will have plenty of holiday homes around the world,with the trillons America gave him
Everyone get a gun n push forward
You can't betray a country that never truly existed.
After fighting USSR,NATO,USA after all, Taliban has won ❤️❤️
Better to die standing than live as a coward for the rest of your life
He got his severance package. Didn't his nephew by a mansion in London?
Mission Complet Taliban Victory Finley
Impotent taliban beating, torturing girls..this wouldn't stay long..
Taiwan should see this and learn not to trust US for protection. It will end like Vietnam.
Wtf ,coward
He's a runner, he's a track star.....
Ghani was enough paid ??
This guy is definitely no Constantine Palaiologos wow I’m embarrassed 😞 the people of Afghanistan deserve better than this
46 years later, Saigon escape is repeated. Now in Kabul.
You cannot make a diamond from a lump of excrement.
Torika Pakistan, China , Russia and USA. Good for Afghanistan Peace process.
mayor of Kabul has abandend his post
Thank you talaban nice job 🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰
If All NATO and USA run why . Why can't Ashraf ghani .who was there representative.
If you look at the comments below and see who are happy about this without any shame, you will understand Terrorism == 🇵🇰🇵🇰
The Talibans made "Blitzkrieg" look like a snail race
where would a puppet find safe heaven
The last president of communist afghanistan stayed in the city until the end.  This one however is nothing but a coward
He's leaving with a suitcase full of money💰💰
Some rag tag army did in 6 months that Nato and America could not do in 20 yrs!
Only time will tell.  Let your woman speak.  Let the world hear their voice.  I believe we will see the hardline crackpots, try to enforce the old ways. This will only take the people back to the stone age.
Alhamdulillah
Corrupt govt leaving it's people
I think America force really cowwod infront of Taliban 🤸🍼🚷↩️
Biden Failed!!!
Congratulations Afghan New Government
he left like a chicken, he knew he would get killed. he obviously doesn't care about his people.
Guys can you tell me about old Islamic laws to be implemented in Afghanistan🇦🇫.??
What a coward, he was telling his army to fight just yesterday
What a coward, puppet leader.
Sounds JUST LIKE SAIGON.
That was fast😱
Typical: when you’re president leaves the country it means oficial K.O
This 20 year war was complete waste. USA government needs too get those Afghan citizens who worked for USA out of Afghanistan. Don’t screw them over!!
Long live for  Tãlibáns!🐸
Taliban defeated nato and America and their best of technology , now taliban are super power but they will not declare it arrogantly like America , they make joke of America .
What happened to the days when the captain went down with his ship
Correction: ex-president
This is how puppet regime collapses.
When he felt he is going to be killed, he left not thinking of his countrymen. Cowards always run when they face the brave.
Concerning US 🇺🇸 Withdrawal it is successful, the republicans don’t know what they talked about, In terms of occupation it’s a complete failure
Responsibility aka emptying treasury.
Macri and Merkel and negociatios live or dead @%&%$@😂🐸🤣
the most peaceful takeover in history respect to the freedom fighters americas puppets running
so, American shoulders came Afghanistan for Ashraf Gani's safe leave, Ridiculous yanki
We need conor McGregor's trash talk for afgan PM
Cowards. Traitor of afganistan. Surrender without bloodshed. Black spot on fighter afgan race. These metafor are enough for coward afgan army. They will ready to handover their wives sisters and daughters to these so called mujahiddins. What a shameful moment for Islamic ummah.!
It was a scam / fake government we all know now. Joe miscalculated badly.
Livelong Taliban Weldon
Ghani should join Biden.  They could hide in the fenced-in US Capital, no longer 'the people's house'.
Coward!!!!
Congratulate to all Zehadi minded terrorists....they make a government on the base of guns.....what will be future.....God know
Transgender ghani
🇵🇰🐖🐖🐖🐖🐖🐖🐖
🇵🇰🐖🐖🐖🐖🐖🐖🐖🐖
Corrupt leaders always running away … ghani were Most corrupt in Afghanistan history…
ALLAH U AKBAR❣️
🇵🇰🐖🐖🐖🐖🐖🐖
If the Taliban & Al-Qaeda have started to take back Afghanistan, what about others like Hamid Karzai, Barakzai family etc? Will Afghanistan be like Iran? Because Iran has been using theocratic methods since the Islamic Revolution of 1979. But, I want to say that there is pride. But I want to talk about the US, PRC & Russo-Soviet superpowers, they have caused a lot of problems & can't believe what the Big Powers & the UN say because they are too hypocritical, ignorant, cruel & cruel. Regardless, we pray for the best.
Run Ghani, ruuuuun!!!  🤣😂 🤣😂
ALLHUMDULILAH ALLAH HOO AKHBAR KABEERA WALLHUMDULILAHI KASEERA
🇵🇰🐖🐖🐖🐖🐖🐖🐖🐖
🇵🇰🐖🐖🐖🐖🐖
🇵🇰🐖🐖🐖🐖🐖🐖🐖
All corona's left in Afghanistan (America)
🇵🇰🐖🐖🐖🐖🐖
Guys is there Taliban in Pakistan???
🇵🇰🐖🐖🐖🐖🐖🐖
Let us see which moron country accept coward asraf ghani
🇵🇰🐖🐖🐖🐖🐖🐖
🇵🇰🐖🐖🐖🐖🐖🐖
🇵🇰🐖🐖🐖🐖🐖🐖🐖
🇵🇰🐖🐖🐖🐖🐖🐖
They must have searched all of Afghanistan, and found the biggest coward, and elected him as President.
Cowardly
Few Afghans are still alive who remember a truly peaceful time of the country. Because that was at least forty years ago.
People get what they deserve…..
Maybe the real situation not like BBC abd CNN said, people in Afghan support Taliban not hate
Taliban is plural for students in Pashto language. By now, they should not be called the Taliban anymore. After 2 decades, they have graduated. They are now master of their own country. The unwanted Westerners including Australians should stay out for good. Please repent and learn from past mistakes.
Ghani failed to mention how much his team has looted Afghanistan or may be due to some shame, not dignity he skipped
Dr Najibullah the then President of Afganistan was killed by Taliban in 90's
A corrupt President. Long live the Taliban Freedom Fighters. We trained them 🇵🇰🇵🇰🇵🇰  The Oldman 😊
CAPTAIN HAS LEFT SINKING SHIP AND LEFT ALL HIS CREW ON-BOARD TO DROWN..
Over half million arm force didn't fight this why if there were a good leadership government Taliban could only dream of this day 1 of Taliban camander in phone call to his leadership asking what should he do with Ashraf ghani and his inner circle his boss laughing saying thank him for making this day possible for us
He would have been killed , had he stayed in Kabul. He did what he should have.
The government and the Taliban are one people .. It is good , International troops left
I dont know what afghan would support a person who leaves his people in the hands of "bad" people. Clearly taliban had popular support. Even USA took longer time taking over afghanistan in 2001
India american and nato forces defeated woooooooow
He is already 70+ yrs old . He will naturally die in a decade so,It would have been better if he had stayed in his nation and died like a martyr proudly instead of running away like a coward.
Hahaha useless ppl useless leaders and finally good for nothing Taliban
Biden is a genius
Big up teliban  chase pupet and governments
Asharaf Ghani left the country to avoid bloodshed and save his neck from the terrorist Taliban who demanded unconditional surrender. Or he was overtaken by his fear of the Taliban. Its over. The Sword and Crescent prevailed. Wassalam
Happy Independence Day Afghanistan 🎈🎈🎈 from 🇵🇰
This is a disaster of epic propositions and i have nothing more to add. I worry this will other wahabi group to cause chaos.
Ashraf Ghani took responsibilities of the people by running away... lol
Leaving his own people in a Dark time. Cowardice
Remember Mullah Omer's reply to Geoge Bush " God has promised us victory and Bush has promised us defeat. The World will see which promise is truthful".
Two days ago was making plans to push Taliban back and regain territory.
14:58 Taliban didn't talk to the government, because the deal was for the government to release all Taliban prisoners. which the government refused.
Ashraf ghani was/is our version of biden.
Worst News for fakindians 🤣🤣🤣🤣😉
The fact is ...if pakistan army dnt send 10 thousends  well tran fighter to afganistan..the local taliban cant takeover the govt... The US and UN must take strong action against terrorist state and their terrorist punjabi army..to stop terrorisim in the world
how US to evacuate 5000troops….
So finally!! Well, celebration time for Qatar!!
Allah o akbar usa defeated
Peace to the 🇦🇫 🇦🇫 Afghans
WHY DID AMERICA COME TO AFGHANISTAN..??  FOR HOLYWOOD PURPOSES.!!
Mashallah
Believe me when i say this,  mijority of afghan people love taliban terrorists, they beleave taliban are doing great service for islam but in reality they are just hungry for power using religion as a tool.
Islam was, will be, will be forever, InshaAllah
This is ending what so calls either with us or again us!!!
He want to save his nuts.
How could he pack so fast
They had the opportunity to rebuild the country they could have gained the trust of ppl but they prefer to stuff their own pockets.
The culmination of the Planetary Scale Failure of a declining selfish and dishonest empire... America is no more!
He fled back to USA where he came from
He will surrender to the Islamic Emirate any time now
Great news 👍🏼 it is good for Afghanistan 🇦🇫 that the sincere, dignified and independent Taliban men take control and liberate Afghanistan 🇦🇫 from Western Puppets, Mercenaries , Drugs.
What a stupid man Rahmon is. Taliban will have to fight against Tajikistan if that country attacks Kyrgyzstan. Taliban will never be safe as long as khomeinists are in power in Tehran and Rahmon is in power in Tajikistan.
Imran Khan The nation will remember when Pakistan needed to stand firm in front of the United States. You did not disgrace the nation. You stood firm and did not give bases.
The trillion dollar investment for nothing 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 I feel sorry for the USA and  NATO
Hindu Craying and RAW agent Craying modi media Craying 😂🤣😅😆😁😄😃😀😝🤪😜
That Is Wise.
Indian RAW agent kick out from Afghanistan by talaban 😂🤣😅😆😁😄😃😀😝🤪😜
Very sad days. In this modern 21st century a terrorist organization taliban forcefully captured the country and Afganistan government could not do anything. The world is silent, I am worried for Afganistan people. I hate taliban dogs
Baravo Taliban,  you won evil America
Afghanistan government is corrupt all the way to the core.They were install by USA and NATO occupiers. Afghanistan will be just fine. USA strategy is to pit Afghans against each other.
I Feel sorry 😔😔😔 for the  people of  Afghan
Best news bald corrupt hypocrate ghani ran away as expected with all the looted money he took from America.
Captain deserted the sinking ship with it's passengers let drowns.
All that huffin n puffin on media talks and he runs with tail between his legs. Coward
well. that was quick
He abandoned his people 🤦‍♂️
there wont be any interim govt….taliban just giving face to the loser
the fleeing president
Ashraf Ghani fleed just like Afghan troops flee from all cities. No love for the country. What a shame. Poor innocent people of Afghanistan are left behind by there own military and politicians. Ashraf Ghani holds American passport. His family live in US. In a week he will be sitting in Washington. Sad ending. Chapter closed.
😂😅👍
Went from "let's talk" to "we will fight" to "I'm on vacation indefinitely" in 72 hours
He is no Ahmad Shah Massoud !  Americans puppets are fleeing !  What the big brother is interested is only in military equipment and construction contracts !
A tragedy created by Qatar and Pakistan. Afghanistan is now a country run by trsts
Afghanistan is free at last ✊✊✊
Talibs know how much money is involved i they behave--for sale.
*I hope all dictators and regimes flee in same way they are so corrupt and depending on America to protect them and milk them, and they oppress thier people in return*
Run for your life
This fellow cunning knows he can flee to America and live there life long
Islam is peaceful religion but Muslim fundamentalists is not peaceful
ashraf ghani is not True Man Saddam did not Left his Country Gaddafi Did not Left his Country Taliban Did not Left but Asraf Ghani Puppets Always Be Puppet they don't Care they are Selfish
What a coward man Ghani is😂
Most incompetent president in recent history. If only Mayor of Kabul focused on fixing his country instead of blaming everyone else on this planet. Enjoy the exile. At least it's better than being hanged like Najibullah. Lulz. I just hope that citizens won't be harmed, especially women. That's worrying everyone.
USA was even ready to sell their MoMs to Afghans
The Taliban must join the Paris Climate Accord !
The Great Victory ✌️✌️✌️✌️✌️✌️ F...k all who invaded Afghan and Other Muslim countries
As part of the influnces built , USA, France, UK, India , Israel ,Canada   will vnaish from world
A government who can't stand on its own, is destined to fall
2001: Mullah Omar: "I am considering two promises. One is the promise of God, the other is that of Bush. We will see which one of these two promises are fulfilled." 2021: The world can see which promise is the true one Indeed Promise of God comes true
Wars are wars , lot of time was given to US and allies to get out but they did not take action at a time when they could left US and Israel. Now those will suffer under the influnces that are going to wipe them out for ever
The corrupt leader who doesnt care about his country or people, runs away like the coward he is. A classic. So how much money exactly did he steal with him?
Like final mission from command & conquer games..
Ha ha... Taliban Mujahideen Zindabad
If he a man and a muslim , he would never leave Afghanistan, he would fight till death , but he’s a coward
And *award* goes to *TALIBAN* Congratulations for taking Kabul so fast then the western experts predicted it.😂🤣
This could be the graveyard of empires but the Taliban surely knows how to work empire building diplomacy.  Like good the ol' Genghis Khan would do, "we don't want to fight, but if you surrender, you'll live".
Shame on THE USA what u find by   Murdering  thousands of people  Loosing ur troops Loosing trillion of dollars  In Afghanistan.
Allahu Akbar
Kill Taliban save Afghan people
Meamwhile US troops by the 5000 still being stuck in that country, risking deadly ambush. Well play Ghani.
Let's see what happens...
Loser.
Who's the leader of the Taliban?
Biggest news , lets pray for peace
Thanks to creator of universe....
"Lol"  so the new government is the Taliban??🤣
Such a coward 🙄
Utter betrayal from so called super power (US) This is a great example towards the world. They come as a friend but goes as a hurricane and utter betrayal ! This is a warning to Nepal if MCC is done Afghanistan about to happen in Nepal.
Exactly the reason why afghan forces have been defeated heavily , their leader was that a coward and timid 🤣😂
He left people behind, they are real traitors.
Allah Bless Afganistan ❤️
🥵🥵🥵🥵🥵🥵🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬😷
People who fears taliban ,read about noolibans in india...way more dangerous and terrifying
India should send the Army to help Afghan people.
Great
What a coward:
THE TRUTH...  Afghanistan destruction and chaos was pre-planed by the US rulers since 1953 after  successful ousting of Joseph Stalin as if he was alive US owners wouldn't dare playing games..... Geophysical and peer games...  Chaos in Afghanistan means chaos in Tajikistan, Uzbekistan and Turkmenistan underbelly of former USSR.  Then US opened few offices of extreme minded  ikhwan-ul-shayatin gangsters in Pakistan alongside Afghan border..... They started recruiting gangsters and staged few unrest here and there inside Afghanistan..... King and then the president had visited USA several times to persuade US rulers not to stir troubles.... But geopolitics was more important...  Russian reaction was stupid invasion...  Eventually US masters achieved their goals....  By 1990s USSR was dismantled and Afghanistan was in ruins....  Then the "" "tulipan""" were formed to prepare the ground for invasion....  Next was the LITHIUM and Uranium project to free US and NASA from Chinese dependantcy  on Lithium which was in abundance in Afghanistan.  911 bla bla bla and subsequent  INVASION.....  Gangsters and warlords in power....  NOW, all the uranium and lithium is out...  No need to keep army anymore...  Back to original plan of CHAOS AND DESTRUCTION..... Turn Afghanistan into gangsters hub and production line and stir up troubles in neighbouring to Afghanistan China, Russia and Iran.... That's it....
Haha begharat insan ne baghna tha
Afghans do not want perverted Western satanic democrazy!
HAHAHAHAHAHA THE MAYOR OF KABUL RAN AWAY
How much money he stolen?
Now is a good chance to drop in and circle the city and you can have all these taliban dudes
A bad government leaves and the tyranny that was lost in 2001 returns. From the frying pan to the fire.
1400 years ago everything was going peacefully , then mohammed was born .
Good going biden
Music haram in islam painting haram in islam woman studying haram in islam  woman doing job haram in islam  toys haram in islam  pork haram in islam Flying kite haram in islam  Wine haram in islam  Stylish clothes haram in islam  Peace haram in islam .😁
Taliban zindabad
Ashraf Ghani the worst Puppet Afghanistan has ever had 😂 puppets are running like rats 😂
Takbeer ALLAH U AKBAR !!!!! THE RISE OF AFGHANISTAN
Wahhh whatta coward
He should do it!
Question is how much money did he took with him
😂😂😂 i love it...
Wow 20 years, billions oft dollars, many lives lost for nothing!
