The deluxe edition is going for 10$ on epic games rn , should I buy it??!!!
Haven’t gamed in years had to put down my cat suddenly and this is what I needed a huge world to get lost in I’ve been playing a couple hours so far and I like it u get lost in the story
12hrs in so far from my first playthrough. Bought this game as a Black Friday discount for PS5. And as always, you pretty much nailed this review to the T.
I only just got it for the Switch 2 and it is literally the first game I've ever 100% completed. Bought all the stuff, did all the things. I really enjoyed it. And not necessarily because it was HP, I feel like I would have loved the game play regardless of what IP it had. My only slight compliant is that I wish we did at least /something/ with the OWLs at the end, instead of just watching a bunch of cut scenes. But outside of that. Absolutely loved it. A great game for my introduction into gameplay that's a bit more intensive
It’s weird that the spell casting isn’t like a code like in helldivers that would be cool for a bit but would get kinda annoying for starters. I guess simple is better in some cases
Just bought this on PS5 for £12. Really like open world games so fingers crossed this be a good escapism game.
Great game overall few idiotic modern insertions in such as too much diversity for England in this time period and a man pretending to be a woman in the pub but other than that a great game.
Already bought it.              And LOVED it.
Does this guy love every single game ever? This game is boring as hell.
I got it and the dlc for only 15 pounds on the ps store !!
Such a great presentation.
Appreciate the effort you put in.
This was wholesome content.
Great insights here.
Why is there no good Quidditch?
Loved how you broke it down.
I really like the haptic feedback touch on the ps5 controller. It makes combat interesting.
Series X here. Game looks beautiful: it’s a mix of Fable and Dragon Age 2 imo.
$8.99 on stream right now. I’m sold.
why is there so many dislikes on this video? lol
What has that sheep ever done to you?
You�re doing an amazing job.
So much to learn from this.
Really useful information.
Anyone else here after it dropped on gamepass ?
Here because steam autumn sale😈
This was well put together.
You always bring value.
Love harry potter
�Looking back at�� flashbacks evoke nostalgia shares.
Short, punchy hooks drive Shorts performance.
Micro-influencer bundles expand reach more cheaply than one big collab.
I'm a Harry Potter fan since I can remember myself From the movies, To the books 📚, To the video games 🎮 and so much more Seeing this absolute Jem of a game on this colorful fantasy world 🌎 mskes me so excited I'm definitely gonna buy it although it's bern sitting on the shelves for some time now❤
A single clear promise in the hook beats multiple ideas.
As non harry potter fan im late to a party . Game started slow like really slow didnt like that at all but soon i was sucked into this rich magical gorgeous world . Expected typical quest and combat game and got magical oxford nothing like i played before . Seems simple but its so well done
Reframing podcast segments with visuals unlocks YouTube reach.
I just downloaded it and I’m SO disappointed.  The camera angle is awful and doesn’t give u the option to zoom out enough.  It’s so hard to focus as it’s way to close to the character.  Secondly, the monologue is killing me to get to the open world part I spent a few hours and still not at that option.  Highly disappointed
Numbers in titles promise structure and are easy to parse.
Event highlight reels perform best within 24 hours.
Just watching since its one sale right now lol, after 2 years😅
Love your videos man. Finally going to get this game as it’s on Sale on the PS store at around $11 Thanks
Day-in-the-life vlogs build parasocial connection and routine viewing.
Subtle watermarks protect content while reinforcing brand.
Why do you exist?
Flipendo?
Honestly the rpg combat style works with this game! Not like Assassin's Creed where it doesn't fit at all
Creator journey videos (wins and failures) resonate deeply.
Reusing B-roll across formats is an efficient growth habit.
Transparency about uncertainty builds credibility.
Uploading around the same hour conditions audience habits.
Disclose sponsorships clearly to protect trust.
A clear slogan or mantra aids brand memory.
Numbers in titles promise structure and are easy to parse.
Themed compilations (by mood, topic, era) unlock new entry points.
Multi-angle edits increase replay value for highlights.
I knew I wasn’t crazy with the metallic voice thing
Looks like red dead Harry Potter. Mines almost done downloading. 😊
Most mid open world game alongside Outer Worlds and AC Valhalla
I know A LOT of people like to say the Xbox SX and PS5 gen has been disappointing so far, but Hogwarts Legacy is one of the goats of this generation and you can't deny it. Right up there with Elden Ring, Persona 3, Resident Evil 4, Tekken 8, and soon GTA 6.
Game is good.  Pros: Castle Sebastian Story Companions Combat  Cons: Gear (not cosmetics) World Creatures
Every quick jab or quick hit should be FUCKING SQUARE I HATE THIS SHIT
10/10
i dont buy, i crack
Bought it and beat it on pc
Says no Spoilers and then drops spoilers 1:33
how was the story of the game?
Genital warts legacy?
What about the creatures you encounter out in the world? Are there a huge variety of cool creatures to fight? 🤔
I'm so happy people loved it. I was worried that it wasnt going to be good but its every thing i wanted for a HP game. I literally dreamed of.
7:40 Decently pacing of the skill points? I have to disagree here! I almost went straight for main missions but still when i unlocked the skill tree system thought the story, I had about 10 skill points to spend on upgrading stuff and spells that i had not even learned the basics of yet.  This was for me very poorly paced.
Game is so much better than I expected. It’s really good and has a lot of depth and grind ability.
I think they did a pretty good job with this. The end all of a hogwarts based game is nailing the castle itself and I think they pretty much did. It’s so good. The rest of the world beyond hogsmede and the forbidden forest isn’t as engaging naturally, but the key bits they did really well. Combat is solid as well. Crime there’s no playable quidditch tho
I want to strongly disagree with the comment you made regarding your voice. Your voice is great, nothing off with the pitch.
Here because of humble bundle
This game was amazing absolutely what I wanted in a hogwarts game however this game could do more but what it did do is capitalize on what you would have wanted hopefully you will in the future be back in the your sixth year
Seen a ton of Gameranx videos would never call your voice annoying sorry to hear you think that
If you want to feel like a kid again, this is your game.
5:47 I watched this video after preordering it for Swtch 2. I am aracnophobic 🧍‍♂️
Hogwarts Legacy is meant to be a slow burn. Play it like you would play animal crossing. Don't try to rush through the story like other action RPG's. Get lost in the magic and wonder around you. If youre a true potterhead, you absolutely owe it to yourself to play this game. It's a shame the switch version looks like dookie cuz this would be incredible on-the-go experience.
I've played Hogwarts legacy for about 20 hours My biggest regret throughout the whole game is probably setting my character's voice so high
Jake: I have a bit of an annoying voice Me: already has 100+ hours and is just here to listen to Jake talk
Playing this in 2025 for the first time, no graphical pop-ins, dialogue line issues, glitches, or character T-poses. Glad they patched those; it should be a given ofc but there are studios out there who don't bother patching
here because ps plus
After having played the game for about 60 hours, I simply can't recommend it. While the first few hours do feel great, the decline in quality, especially regarding side activities, is so grueling that I lost every reason to keep playing. The dialogues are cringe af, there's almost no depth to anything and Hogwarts feels completely empty and almost pointless after a while. Besides that - and this is actually my main reason - they still didn't fix the technical issues. Actually, they got worse. I can't keep 60FPS with DLSS at medium settings with a 3060Ti, Ryzen 5 5600X and 32GB RAM. I can literally play Cyberpunk on highest settings with low Raytracing enabled, it looks 10x as good and runs smooth like butter. Not only do I feel like Hogwarts Legacy lacks almost any graphical fidelity (especially characters), there's absolutely no reason for it to run so poorly. At one point, I spent more time in the settings than playing the game. One of the most overrated games of the last decade and barely worth a rating higher than 5/6 out of 10. It's a mediocre game in almost any aspect and in some, it's simply bad. The best thing is probably the combat system and even that gets boring after a while.
After rewatching the entire Harry Potter series I had to buy it. It’s downloading and I have to say this review was confirmation of why I’m so pumped to play. I love Harry Potter and nerd out for anything Hogwarts and Slytherin
Before you download from ps+*
any games on sale at the PS Store is coming to the subscription service. this game currently on sale for less than 20 bucks
Ps plus extra saved me from buying this
It sound pretty great but almost every fight looks the same, there is a lot of recycling so after 22hours and around 25% completition of the game i give up, and the friggin alahamora locks, its so trivial and stupid, why would anyone do that in the game
If anyone wants to see the first ever “before you buy” it’s Batman Arkham knight
Here's me after buying it on Steam.
wvid
it's on sale on the PS store rn and its under 20 bucks, i heard its over 100 hrs of content if you take your time and do everything. might buy it
As someone who loves open-word games like Marvels Spiderman and Skyrim. I think this game is perfect for me. Especially since I love Harry Potter. This video has helped me greatly.
I love this game but I felt it more of a story than actual doing a lot idk I kept getting off and on watch dog legion got me stuck even tho I wanna beat this game so bad
I've always loved harry potter. This game was absolutely amazing. I really didn't love the ancient magic mechanic though. I used it, I did what I had to do, but I really tried to avoid it as much as possible. I did enjoy all of the ancient magic mechanics though (ie the sentinels, locations, etc.). I kind of accepted the lore inaccuracies (like the basic magic attack) as the video game compromises. Like- it just makes sense to have a basic magical blast in a video game- would've preferred to have picked an actual spell to be proficient in as the "basic attack", but nothing is perfect. They got the environment so right- like the castle- that I can't justify holding a grudge for those little things. They clearly put an obserd amount of work into this game, and they brought my childhood fantasy to life in a way that didn't feel childish. I can't ask for much more then that
How much fun would I have if I just stuck around in Hogwarts? Honestly the open-world, trinket collecting, repetitive dungeon schlock is kinda turning me off.
Playing for the first time in 2025
I already buy it 😅 it's look like forspoken same studio who make HL I will try it actually I don't like magic gameplay it's not like weapons sword or guns I will just play it to try it
Thank you Jesse Eisenberg. If your not fighting zombies your on here.
The architecture and interior art style of the castle looks amazing.
Would I still like this game if I didn't care for Harry Potter?  I really liked Batman: Arkham Knight for example because of the stealth, climbing and platforming but this Hogwarts game looks like I need to be a HP fan to enjoy. 🤔
No dragons ? 🐉
The visuals are the only the thing that saves this game. Other than that this game is boring, slow, filled with cutscene after cutscene, etc. it’s boring asf.
Boring repetitive kid game
Started the game >  REQUIRE to ACCEPT EULA to let them SELL my data > Alt+F4 > Refund
Watched this on the toilet
Im probably about halfway thru and it truly is an immersive experience like no other game ever let alone a harry potter game. I love it.
Has anyone else noticed how much they borrowed from Dying Light 2 for their action rpg experience ? The menus, management and rarity system ?
I'm currently downloading this game and I am so excited. I would absolutely love tho...(at the same time) if the game took place over like two years of school, with a summer break in the middle and ended at the end of a school year. Just to make the seasons male sense and have season related/classmate related quest lines. Still super excited to play for the game, and thanks for another awesome review
im not a HP fan, but should i still buy the game? its on sale now.
Sadly this game is repetitive and it get's boring after the first few hours, More time should have been spent in the castle
Did they ever fix the glitches?
No quidditch?
oh great spiders, that answers that for me
Remember, Persona is just a spin-off of a mainline game. I can totally see a school focused / strategy rpg spin-off of this game. Fantastic Beast stories are so ripe for “catch’em all” game. I wish they expand on this franchise
The level 1 alohorma locks are disgusting
Hogwarts version of Shadow of Mordor / Shadow of War
Too late, I already bought it.
My favourite thing to do is watch before you buys of a game while I wait for it to install, like right now. 😂 Very late to getting hold of this game, but glad to finally join the party.
THIS IS WHAT I WANTED: 1. no major external threat 2. many classes (challenging) 3. goofy side missions (like giving crab and goyle the cupcakes type of stuff) 4. even bigger castle (no big countryside just the forest/hogsmeade and the castle) 5. quidditch (instead of this god awful looking new quidditch game coming up) 6. house cup 7. sneaking at night quests 8. a bigger and scarier forbidden forest 9. detention side quests 10. a personal owl that interacts with you 11. arriving and leaving at kings cross / platform 9 3/4 12. finding the secret passages 13. potion classes 14. O.W.L's 15. Bully/Rival (like Draco) 16. Cozy Christmas/Halloween scenes with lighthearted fun quests 17. Meeting Harrys great grandfather or something 18. 1 Evil teacher with a hidden motive to stop instead of a Goblin antagonist 19. Better dueling club with optional spell classes to be earned 20. Dementors and Expecto Patronum (Dont know how but they could have figured it out) 21. Choosing between christmas at hogwarts or at home/diagon alley? 22. Diagon Alley shopping spree beginning of the year. 23. A tight friend trio (like Harry, Ron, Hermione) 24. Side quests where you have to hide from another Filch type character(squib janitor) 25. Actual consequences to your actions 26. Meeting Voldemorts grandfather at hogwarts(already kind of evil / Maybe a Draco malfoy type) 27. Being able to read the daily prophet a few times 28. Ministry of Magic mission at the beginning of the year to discuss the fact you dont start in The 1st year 29. NO UNFORGIVABLE CURSES (i hated this) 30. Befriend the game keeper (for some fun Care of Magical creatures side quests)
I'm 8 hours in this game and every turn I'm like whoa they didn't have to go this hard. The outfits, the spells, the world building, the room of requirement etc are all notches way above what I'd expect for a licensed game
Bully Hogwarts edition lol  It’s 20 bucks right now I may get it
I love the game, I just wish the creator had a part in making it and they put canon Lore in the game but regardless, im having a lot of fun playing
I’ve always thought Harry Potter was pretty dumb but Black Friday 2024 has me taking a chance on it
I got it on sale for $18 pretty good
omg this game is horrible
Anyone, please... I need help.  Hogwarts Legacy  Black Myth Wukong  Cyberpunk   Which one should I get? I'm struggling on this choice so hard. That's why I'm here, I'd greatly appreciate any advice at all, no matter how little or if its 5 paragraphs that's even better! Thank you
Playing the game on PS4 and got disappointed. There is a lot that i like about this game. Was for example looking forward to exploring the open world. Found out there wasn’t much to do and a whole lot of bugs/glitches.
Is it possible to make your own build and loudout
Thank you for commenting on the music. For a long time Jeremy Soules' score actually trumped John Williams' in terms of my feelings of nostalgia, but this score is absolutely beautiful. I listen to it when I'm at work as background noise, despite never having played the game (I already know I would spend hundreds of hours on this), and it's just lovely.
It’s $17 on PSN right now. I am thinking of buying it
A Warner Bros.-style game? Say no more. I won't touch another abomination like that.
I've no nothing about Harry Potter but I really wanna try this game, what do y'all think?
This just a good review!
A question does the disk of the game need internet please say ❤❤
I borrowed this game at local library today I hope it works
Great Game 😀Have been playing this game for a while now, and I am enjoying it, waiting for Part 2🙂
why oh why do people feel the need to support transphobia
Would love more interaction with other students as you said and more gameplay around being a student and going to school with less killing. For example a way to get XP is to go to classes solve puzzles interact with other students.
It’s not a Harry Potter game it’s Hogwarts game even the author got pissed because of some of the content in it.   It’s why they didn’t involve her.
Oh my goodness flipendo from the prisoner of Azkaban game that's sick
I've played Hogwarts Legacy on both PS5 and PC. I just ordered an NVIDIA GeForce RTX 4070 Ti Super 16GB to get better 4k performance. Excited to see how well it runs! I love the graphics in this game. It looks really good, and the gameplay mechanics are smooth & rock solid.
The Game on PS Store is $26 Canadian ($18 US) . This game was like $80 in Canada when it came out .
If there's only was a Bike it would have been awesome
Always watch byb (before you buy) before I buy a game that's on special
I literally never comment on anything but you don't have an annoying voice don't say that! Love yourself!
The sequel needs more diverse enemies and the end of “no fly zones.”
Watching this as I wait for the game to download 😂
I would of titled this game, but it twice cause its so good :D
Always watch before you buy's before I buy a game, currently on special on the Xbox store, thanks Jake and team for convincing me to go for it, hope you guys get some commission for your honest reviews! My personal experience on this game, go for it! Especially regarding the fact that a sequel might be in the works! As always, thanks to the Gameranx team showing gamers the path to our much needed gaming journey! Greetings from South Africa 🇿🇦
It looks like a bat man game
is there Hermione, Dumbledore or Snape? It would be fun, I would attack Snape on and off
8:11 Actually different houses have different missions like you can go to azkaban for a mission only if you're a Hufflepuff
I played this game. Initially it looks good and feels good. But it is just most of the time, there is just some quest and you have to go fighting ppl with your wand , which is so repetitive, irritating and boring in the long run. I remember there is Perceival Rachkam quest or something and the next quest ,only difference is when you walk in and out of the door or something , one statue appears and other disappears. I mean what is the point of having two quests 95% the same? The developers have just dragged the game into repetitive and boring quests which is so disappointing after paying so much. The same spiders, the same so many things actually.   I was playing on my laptop and it is way difficult to play in that. I got a PS controller and things were better otherwise
Now there is a offer and i am going to buy it Thank You for the video btw❤
i think it donks
how is it openworld? Open world refers to MMO's I thought?
Was hoping for a Bully school Sim 😢
3:00 any suggestions for a more lesson based hogwarts simulator, something liek hogwarts mystery on mobile but with no grinding fir energy points lol
A great game that’s missing some much wanted mechanics and features, could say the same of the newer Star Wars games as well.
tartarian castle in a game
Here I am, watching before you buy videos after I already bought the game!
thanks mate.. looks cool game but as it has alot of talking then im out not for me.. will fall asleep this way
Not a harry potter fan at all...but like games, and open world games  Is it something for me?
I wish Sebastian’s quest was the main quest, and there was more interaction with students and classes. I wouldn’t have minded romance opportunities either❤😂
I stopped playing during the first few hours because I just found the intro really boring with terrible writing, but I may pick it up again after watching this video thanks
No Quidditch?
1 Corinthians 15:1-4 Christ Died for our sins according to the scriptures, and that He was Buried, and that He Rose again the Third day according to the scriptures. Christ is Coming back for us so much SOONER than any of us Think!!!!. Accept Christ as Savior and BELIEVE in Him and what He did for YOU at the Cross, Your next breath is NOT guaranteed and if you die in your sins without being Saved, You will Spend Eternity in Hell separated from God. Make the Right Decision and call on Christ Today, prepare your soul for where it will spend Eternity. Christ is the ONLY WAY to The Father and the ONLY WAY to Heaven. Through Christ your sins are Forgiven, Fellowship with God the Father is Restored, and you’ll Have Eternal Life ( Heaven ). God Bless you all and I Hope to see each and Every Single one of you in the clouds with Christ and at the Wedding Supper of the Lamb Very Very Soon. in Jesus MIGHTHY name amen.
I found it very, very boring. I'm a big HP fan and love playing games but this, to me, failed in almost every aspect except the graphics and being able to collect Fantastic Beasts. Story was boring, there was no actual schoolsystem (considering it's called HOGWARTS legacy, I would have expected it to be much more focused on the actual schoollife). Combat was very easy and repetitive and don't get me started on the Demiguise hunt. I looked forward to this game sooo much, wishlisted the Deluxe edition immediatly and played it at 72 hour early access and all that. I put 26 hours in, so definitly gave it a chance but it's just... disappointing.
Ultimately it's for Harry Potter fans. So any other gamers are of course going to have some issue with it.
This review was amazing, I haven’t played it yet but I think I’ll buy it because it sounds great!
I love Harry Potter. This definitely makes me want to play as the other games weren't that good, I loved the first three games
It just got updated I don’t know 🤷‍♂️ way but I am going to try it out
A shadow ghost An NPC that was created by a single person,  it holds a shadow of the person's personality, and it act on players like a ghost - only wired for a few interactions with some uniqueness, and a lot of repetition.  both shadows and ghosts are useful to a person in the course of thier life. when we loose someone, we appricate every shadow of them, that we find.  how do you call a community of shadow ghosts?  I think about creation, a person subjecting their life to the creation of parts in a mirror world, a collection of books,movies,games that share the story,images,bahavior,tech. The story's survival in the pool of mankind is strengthened by larger amounts of absorbed creations.  Overwhelming In a Good Way.  Entering a game, a world, with so much investment of time and creation. considering all stories are based on pervious ones or and on a mirror of reality, there is so much depth! Unlike the bad phrase "if you pear into the dark, the dark pears into you", I beleive "If one manages to understand relations in the outside world, then that understanding will impact one's internal world to a degree" So, it really feels like the word "commitment" becomes relevant for the user, the more creation was invested in the game's world.  Hope you enjoyed my thoughts.
Heads up:You cant romance characters
its on sale on steam, -50%
Hogwarts legacy and super Mario odyssey are my favorite video games I love open world games
Ehhe
For the record your voice is not annoying at all…
The real question is.... can you play as harry potter and go throw the actual story in the books📚 ?
Can someone tell me whether there is a story mode or is it a free mode game?
Something i hate of this game are the cutscenes/transitions. Always black screen and then goes to the other character. It´s not fluent at all
I'm gonna make my character look like mashel undead
So is it worth it?
It’s still a good game but the gameplay and the puzzles are so different and so bad that u ccan’t finish it
The PC version sucks, keeps sttutering with a RTX 4060 Ti lmao
It’s on sales on ps5 right now, thinking between this and Diablo 4
I know this was developed by a Swedish game company (Avalanche), but do you have to play it as a white boy or does it let you choose other people and races? I saw the different outfits but wasn't sure about this point...
I’m here a year after this video was released simply to say I see you with the “Basil Hayden” name there. Someone’s a bourbon fan. :) Maybe I should name my character Elijah Craig?
Does it actually have a plot?
I think just because I'm a huge Harry Potter/Fantastic Beasts fan I would buy this game anyway. I do hope they make a Fantastic Beasts game where you carry a suitcase that has different magical animals to use depending on what your mission is... that would be a game I could get into.
I have to say I´m not a huge Harry Potter fan, I've watched the movies only once, but man i LOVE the game, I'm 38 and I think playing this as a kid would be super amazing, I mean, as an adult I'm really enjoying the game, but I can't think how would I enjoy playing it as a kid. Combat, quests, exploring, all is great.
What a superb game!
“The game is glitchy, but also charming and really fun” Did Todd Howard work on this game?😂
Game is 50% off right now… should I cop?
I spent $300 in Steam cards. I hope it’s worth it. I’m a HUGE Harry Potter super fan.
this really needs a new game plus
Just bought the game... Watched this "before I bought it" though, lol!! Thanks again bro!! 💪🏽💯
I love it!! Keep up the great reviews!!
I've never watched or read Harry Potter but this game was fire
I have played the old "Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire" game and i quiet enjoyed it (at that time) But i really wanted to play a good "Harry Potter" game and gave up after some time. I went in with no expectations and play "Hogwarts Legacy" and when i tell you that i loved it, i mean it. I don't even like rpg games but this one just made me so happy and i'm glad i purchased it.
Really like the game, the first open world game in years where I don't get bored in a few hours. The world is amazing, graphics are great and runs decent on PC. If you liked the movies or the books this is a now brainer! Did not expect Avalanche to pull it off.
Thank you again i always go to you guys to see if a games worth it for years now love yalls work so cheers 🍻 to yall keep up the good work and thank you for the late nights
I would have been happy with a complete school simulator where you attend classes and do magic homework
I honestly forgot I bought this game months ago. It was pretty fun for what I did play but I’m going to have to restart because I don’t remember what was really going on or how combat worked.
Idk why but it reminded me of Bully 🐦
Out of all 8 (11 ok ...) movies, this game has the best, most cinematic and satisfying wizarding combat ever.
What's the story / plot line like then if entirely separate from the movies
Just how is this game bigger than any of the games mentioned lmao?
Ive got a switch. I’m curious if it’s worth getting on there or not
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
dont watch, just buy. Believe me
I’m still here and still love HL!!!
The is Harry Potter x Asassins Creed
What’s the 10 month later verdict?
ive never read harry potter or watched the movies but was curious about this cuz it looked like it had good open world gameplay. it actually kinda reminds me a bit of skyrim and dragon dogma and some other stuff which is cool
there are bugs in the ps5 version. I got stuck in middle of nowhere in a cliff and had to time travel to other points to make progress because save was also not working
Can I be an over weight kid?
9:58 pause
Watching it after buying lmaooo
I have only been playing for a few days on Xbox one, but I am impressed by some things and not impressed by others. I grew up playing the old Harry Potter games. I have read the whole series several times, and I used to have the first 2 movies memorized, so I would say that I am a Harry Potter fan. To me this did not feel like Hogwarts. The exterior of the castle looked like Hogwarts, but the interior does not feel nor look like Hogwarts in my opinion. I was disappointed that you cannot talk to characters unless they are part of a quest. What is the point of having an open world? I thought that the story line was weak. I thought that it would have been better to start as a first year and work your way up to a seventh year like Harry did. I was really disappointed that there was no Quidditch in the game. Even the old Harry Potter games had Quidditch. In the books AND the movies there was no surrounding town near Hogwarts. Hogwarts was protected by an enchanted fence and then there was Hogsmeade and that was it. They added additional things in there that I thought were unnecessary, but they probably did it as a dig towards JK Rowing because of her stance at the time.  However, there are good things about this game. I do think that the graphics are amazing. The fighting is challenging. There are numerous places to explore. You can catch and have pets like in Fantastic Beasts. You can also ride some beasts. And the classes are fun.
I’m a 74 year old male. Been waiting for GTA 6 since I was 64 😑 10 years - wow! Anyways, I’ve never been THAT MUCH of a DIE HARD Harry Potter fan, but this game got me hooked!!  Yes, I’m 74!! I’m a fvcking GAMER!!!
I just love watching jake give game reviews, because I can really see that he personally played the game and his reviews were genuine and honest, not like scripted or just got paid to say stuff.  Unlike IGN, you can feel that the guy is just reading a script and not a true gamer.
your voice is fine dude
I feel like this is an EXTREMELY good first game for Harry Potter (Lego Harry Potter doesn't count) I like that you're basically an OC so you can imagine yourself in the Harry Potter world, I feel like if they made you just be Harry then it wouldn't be as like insertive or as entertaining.
who else watches these with the game downloading in the background?
Dont buy it due to transphbia
Can you enter the dwelings that we see in the coutryside or are the mostly static ? IE just there for atmosphere.
It seems ok but because they promote Witch Craft and Magic and package it towards the Children Audience I think Ill Pass.
The world looks amazing but after 10 hrs this game gets incredibly repetitive and the realization that the story nor gameplay isn’t gonna get any better hits hard
Thanks, great review. Very helpful!
Your review  sucks
Man this makes me hope they do a Percy Jackson’s/Greek Demigod Game almost copy and pasted just different mechanics :)
Thanks so much this helped alot
I made ,y voice deeper cause it matches my real life voice but I ended up sounding like a robot.
As a person who has no particular Harry Potter related nostalgia, I gotta ask, is this game worth a try?
0:22 *Lol!!!*
"The combat is... fairly decent"  This is why I play video games 🙄
IGN feels like gamespot now it’s all about this channel now
729384792837492394732947932492734 Breathe air. God made all. His son, Jesus, pardoned all of all wrongs.
Bros voice isn’t annoying
5:00 combat seems a little annoying....why not make the spells an analog motion input like Skate 3 , that way there is some difficulty, and not just button mashing? ...man im rly trying to find a reason to buy this game....even @ 54% off
I just cant believe they didnt give us an online experience....it's 20 freaking 23....add some network code from unreal engine and lets us fly around on our brooms together and throw spells at one another. Such a HUGE target missed... I mean, whats the point of character customization if no one else sees you?
Watching this AFTER I bought the game
Watching it after buying it....
4/10. Theres a LOT of nothing. Only ONE story line. Cant be a REAL slytherin. Game over cuz i got too far from someone. Low rate after school episode on the disney channel. Over hyped...but it nails the music and enviornment. Lame chores and puzzles for lame prizes.
Not the thumbnail looking like my player character lol
Black Friday sale Got it for 20bucks at my local Best Buy
(Spoilers ahead)          As far as lore is concerned, I really don't see how they plan to reconcile the presence of the HUGE chambers in the Restricted Section of the Library with the Chamber of Secrets already being very extensively large themselves and under Hogwarts as well.     I also don't exactly have faith in their claims of MERLIN being a Hogwarys Slitherin Alumni either as there is WAAAAY too much material of him present in other works of literature.     Although I am not an "expert" of Harry Potter or Merlin lore by any stretch of the imagination, I found those 2 specific points to be quite inconsistent, at least at initial face value.
Jus bought the game, grew up on Harry pothead, I have played like 1 hour it’s dope
@gamerranx please do a Nintendo update
I pitched the voice down 1 notch and it sounds like my character has his head inside of a fish bowl. Great game though and GREAT preview Jake, as always. Ravenclaw 4 life!
You had me sold at Flipendo. I played Chamber of Secrets on the PC (probably still have the CD Rom somewhere). I just bought the Switch edition and it honestly feels like how Chamber of Secrets felt those 10-15 years ago!
Hogwarts Legacy is amazing! A true dream come true for Harry Potter fans, so much fun exploring the world, My personal favorite game of 2023. 😊
So what score do you suggest guys?. I really wanna buy it on switch
Actually i find the castle pretty lively especially with paintings playing music and etc
Hogwarts 3 -the wild hunt
Tru I agree there are only 2 genders
Bro made Tom Riddle as his character lol
I know I'm late to this video, but this game is absolutely worth the full price. This is the first game I've played in YEARS that I felt deserved £60. The cutscenes are STUNNING, the story is FANTASTIC and fresh, the exploration, incredible. The nods to the book are absolutely class, and the customisation is so much fun! The only gripe I had is the issue with the voice pitch changing, still love the fact that the male voice actor is Sebastian Croft (Ben from Heartstopper) 9.5/10
great review even better no rant about jk
Everything about this game looks and feelings so good for the Harry Potter world. The gameplay is just numbingly repetitive though.
9:34 in my playthrough one of the suits of armor destroyed the other 😂 i tried to use repairo it didn't work
I git Ravenclaw. Tbf I would have been happy with any of the houses. HP movies 1-3 are the fuckin shit. 4+5 are good and I'm indifferent to the last few.
Game is a 10
Skyrim with wands 🤦
Quests are RIDDLED with riddles which is a pain in the buttocks
Despite the name of this show, ive already bought the game, and am watching this video while I wait for my internet to come back on so I can finish downloading it.
6:19 the enemy on the right just got yeeted away🤣🤣 also the goblin at 12:51
too hard to complicated no thanks not buying
Do u have a before u buy for Naruto games?
Finally the dude in the thumbnail looks normal😂
Thanks to this video i decided to buy it, if i think about it i'll try to leave some kind of review about it but i'll surely forget so...  i've watched every single harry portter movies multiples times, i don't even know how many time i've watched them at this point since i do at least 2 marathon every years since 2018 i think, i'm not the biggest HP fan out there but this is still one of my favorite marathon to go through so i hope i'll be able to experience something magical throughout this game :D   Btw, if you want to buy the game i'd recommend anyone to check out stuff like kinguin, G2A and such because you may be able to get a good deal, i got my deluxe edition for 36€ or smth which almost 2x cheaper than on steam so...
Great game, they should’ve added Quittich though.. would’ve been a great mini game within the game
Fact #1: the author is a piece of garbage.
I can finally buy the game and know can always come to this channel with an honest review.
I haven't played the game but I watched alot of walkthroughs and to me it feels like it has alot of talking and conversation scenes than true playing correct me if I'm wrong that is why I didn't buy the game yet and make me hesitate a bit !
An annoying voice that millions of people love to hear 😊
Let's be honest........this game is hard to complain about when you compare it to the Harry Potter game on PS1........for those of you too young to know or remember what that is......actually, your opinions don't matter because you missed the Harry Potter train. Nobody cares what you think. But for those of you around my age (33) should look up some footage from the PS1 game.
wen are game developers gonna make a game for pure fun... where u start off completely overpowered or u can get all the overpowered stuff from the start but u just have to get information and solve puzzles without needing some extra tool u get at 85% completion. Like "Oh, wow, i just got the coolest thing in this game, too bad i only have 1 hour of gameplay left until i get 100%"
can you turn off that annoying big icon on your screen at 5:40? You already have a mini-map, a path on the mini-map, an icon on the mini-map and a big "YOU NEED TO DO THIS" reminder above the mini-map; you don't *also* need a big distraction in the corner of your screen wen u are doing stuff like @ 5:50
your review breaks down at the 1:20 mark when you start listing other games.  dont assume we have played or heard of any of those games. why cant people describe a thing without attempting to draw a comparison?? sad state of review here ... pass
still playing this. 1 of the best games I've ever played
So I've never seen HP but I saw I might like this game so I started watching the films and they're quite enjoyable,great vid can't wait to get the game
this game definitely needs to be played on hardest difficulty for max enjoyment
Pro: wonderful visuals, lovely details, varied quests, likeable npcs. Feels like an immersive interactive book Con: gameplay can feel tedious for some. Definitely not a game if you want uninterrupted action or seek a challenge.
is it laggy?
fliiiIIIIIIPENDOOOOO flipendo
The only two things I wish that were done better is the character creation. I wish it was more like a Sims 4 or Skyrim creation system. The other thing is the Ravenclaw Common Room bedrooms. I noticed in Slytherin (idk about Gryffindor or Hufflepuff) that they have rooms for all years 1-7. Ravenclaw has like 2 unlabeled bedrooms but not enough for years 1-7 together and only year 5 and year 7 rooms have the plaque stating what year lives there. Other than that the game was great and it’s super addicting especially because I love Harry Potter so much and waited forever to get this.
ATTENTION! This is NOT and RPG. This an action-adventure game, like Lara Croft and Arkham Knight.
before you pirate
Awsome game but rushed it and finished  fast as quests and puzzles were repetitive
Is this quest based?
I see your a fan of whiskey Jake! 👌🏼
Honestly I feel like this game runs into the same tropes that plague other games with character creation. No one in this game ever refers to you by your name, the character you play as feels a little distant and fake as a result. Kind of kills the immersion honestly and really prevents from ever caring about the character. The least they could do is standardize the characters names so they could voice lines that reference them.
Game is so boring such a slog to do anything
'before you buy' the game is cracked you can play without buying
Basil Hayden lol must be a whiskey drinker
man i'm so excited to keep playing. it's a pity i can only play when i visit my sister's house since she has a ps5 and i don't
Your voice isn't annoying, dude.
This aint nothing like middle earth heck no shadow of war is amazing especially cuz of the nemesis system this harry Potter knock off game is trash.
Watched the movies, that's all.  Steam sale, looks fun.
Casting the generic spell makes me think of Dragon age Inquisition. The animation of the other spells look nice. Not a fanboy, but this game seem to be a "try me" for sure.  I'll wait for a good deal on Steam for now.
I'm not a fan of micro-transactions or DLC in games, but for Hogwarts, I'll make an exception. Please, for the love of God, release a quiddich DLC.
My favorite part in the game is that you can bully the cats (which I figured out in my first day in Hogwarts)
Sucks you need internet to get past the start screen.
14 hours in and I've seen zero glitches on xbox x. I'm not a Harry Potter fan but I bought this yesterday and it's an absolute blast. I have nothing negative to say.
Not gonna lie this game wasn’t it at all for me , super boring
This mf saying no spoilers then gives a ton of them suits of armor wiggles, images moving, stairs staggering ruins the surprise for those who never watch harry porter or are new to the Frenchies that's why i dont like this dumbo with such a huge social presence still have very low skills in terms of making videos about games ☕
amaze game!
It's routine to watch these videos, after you get the games.
2:59 og dishonoured inspired this legacy entrance with the sneaking introduction I love the contrasfy
😊
Man, I love the combat system in this game its so great
It's visually beautiful and combat is pretty good and there's lots of cute things and you can go through the whole school and large areas outside it. But the game is limited for character and voice creation. There's no real choices or consequences. Most characters are a bit lame. The audio is buggy. The lessons are not satisfying like in Bully. The school feels like it needs double the students. I'm mixed race and it felt like boxes were ticked... I find myself not addicted and that makes me sad. I don't really care what happens..
It's partly why I got a PS5. And then had a baby just as it came out. I haven't had time to game since he was born 3 months ago.
This or forspoken ? which same plays as witch/ magician
game had potential i downloaded played it liked it then met a trans shemale there closed the game deleted it and done sick and tired of political agendas being pushed sorry game seems god but not like this not for me and am sure alot feel the same
This game is shit. The fake reviews need to go.
I’m a huge Harry Potter fan, I just bought the game, can’t wait to play it 😊
You can get 4 spell load outs to effectively switch between 16 spells on the fly with talent points after lvl 22 I think. Makes it much more smooth.
This game knocked it out of the park. If you were on the fence about getting it, it is definitely worth it imo.
Thanks for the info
GOTY
Where did I get transferred from? Azkaban?
I've been waiting for this game every since my child hood I am a HUGE harry potter fan and I love the way the combat looks and the exploration is so amazing and it is so good
Homies basically said his voice is annoying 😭😭
bro, you play for Sebastian...
Really pleased with it. My only annoyance is doors. I’m used to just being able to run into them…but the door won’t open if you approach too fast 🙄 and will sometimes require you to press a button, sometimes not. It will frequently open once you walk away.
First time I heard flipendo was in my Gameboy advance sp 😢
Are we gonna get a old gen update or review?
Im on PS4 and absolutely amazed and grateful they took the extra month to optimize this. It runs remarkably well
Only thing wrong with this game is the price
It’s coming out tmw for Xbox one I have a Xbox one but I get paid tmw I’m just gonna upgrade finally to the series x & take my Xbox one to GameStop and get in store credit wtv I get if I have enough I’ll get hogwarts or something if not that’s fine I’m fine with mw2 and game pass until I get paid for another game
Ok... BUT WHAT ABOUT QUIDDITCH? 😆
Looks great
So basically a massive empty open world
I am harry potter fan because i have saw every film and the game being that i have to play
the fight is similar to spider man for what you say, so should be a good game to pass.
Don't forget the part where you need internet to download the day one patch or else you'll be locked out of the majority of the game. I learned this the hard way last night after playing the first 20 minutes. I know most people have internet nowadays, so many people probably didn't even realize this, but those without internet or with poor internet should be made aware.
this game really make you FEEL like Gandalf
I dont find your voice annoying at all dude
This game has glitches
Everyone here enjoying the game when you have to wait until the 5th of  May 💔
Cant wait to see the Zelda tears of the kingdom thumbnail lol
This game was personally super bland for me, i know im in the minority but I just think its an pretty game with mid gameplay.  This is coming from the perspective of a harry potter fan too, im also a gamer but the harry potter stuff didn't save it for me because the characters were hard to get attached too, again not offensive or bad just bland. Im happy for the people who enjoy it, im jealous even lol this was somewhat of a disappointment for me. Good thing I wasn't to hyped to begin with.
before you buy, take a nap because you will hang on that game for a long first day and night.  Questioning that game is just stupid. you should be happy that this kind of dedication is stil put in a game, therse only a hand full theese days, like 5 to 10 game, all the others are shit, yeah SHIT! are mainstream bullshit or remakes or spin offs without any soul
Did you play the game long enough to run into losing the ability to save.
I have this problem where I buy the game and download while at work and then proceed to watch a before you buy video of said game😂😂😂
I DONT GIVE A FUCK ABOUT THE REST OF THE GAME THEY HAVE CATS IM BUYING IT 9:57
Fuck this game, it crashes every time I try to play, they won’t even give me a refund 🤬
The game seems really kiddy. I’m only a few hours in - maybe it will get better? It looks fantastic & makes the most of my OLED HDR but I’m not blown away by the game yet. Today I was seriously considering exchanging for something else while it still holds a reasonable value. But after watching this review & seeing positive comments I will give it one more go & hopefully I’ll start to enjoy it more
Just finally platinumed this. Truly was an experience. I hope we get dlc. I hope we just get more Hogwarts Legacy.
Finished in three weeks, but due to butterfly glitch/bug I cannot get platinum. Other games also offer better levelling after game completion with many things to do in order to keep you playing, but not here, it's as though they want you to pay, complete, and leave ASAP. Disappointed. Made a complaint regards bug but no fix. A very good game initially, but the interest quickly wore off. One of the very few games I paid full price for, where normally I wait a year or two for a good sale I bought this straight up: big mistake. Tried for approx 9 hrs, believe it or not, to get the butterfly bug to fix, by showing up, following, searching for chest, etc, etc, but nothing. Learnt a lesson, never buying from this developer full-price again.
look hear me out, i wasn’t a big fan of harry potter movies but i definitely liked the combat in it with the spells stuff like that, i been debating on buying this game , the graphics is insane and i’ve been looking for a new game to play offline, all i play is warzone 😢
This game disappointed me. I find myself forcing myself to play it so I can complete it; it doesn't feel immersive like I expected it to be; gets boring quickly
Cave explorer simulator
I'm going to buy Hogwarts legacy for the PS4
Combat is very fun but the open world feels dry. Nothing really happens
The locations are similar feeling to those of Skyrim. I did enjoy the flying aspect in Horizon Forbidden West. Some the combat seems to have been taken from Witcher 3 the wild hunt and possibly Skyrim.
Hope this helps someone but the only difference between getting into a different house, is that you'll have either friendlier or more adversarial talks with a couple different kids and the other difference is how you get the two missing pages missions going. And that is the only difference when it comes to all the missions. Oh and of course you can only enter your own house dormitory in common room. Replay value is very very low. I started off in one house and then started another so I could play over with Grandma and she can see the whole thing, and I don't foresee myself ever playing this game again. It was certainly a 9 out of 10 game, but low low low replay value
As a trans person I just want to say, don't feel bad about enjoying the game or the franchise. I still love Harry Potter. JKR is entitled to her opinions (she has never incited violence or anything, even if I disagree with her) and everyone should be able to relax with a videogame outside of politics. I tried an hour or so of the game today and it looked very promising, although there was a glitch where I got stuck to a table in Gryffindor common room...
Its so boring
One glitch I have seen personally when I unlocked the beast place before I went in it opened deeks change the room menu
Spoiler :The house you choose does kind of matter as each one unlocks exclusive scenes and places and lets you get at certain characters earlier in the game
The only complaint I have with this game so far is that you have to complete Merlin Trials in order to unlock extra slots for clothing, hats, and glasses. And, you need to have mallowsweet to unlock those trials.
Solid 9 out of 10.  I deducted a point for some minor "modern audience" nonsense.   There are some lesbians with an open marriage.  In 1890 they would be "sisters".  I'm not offended by alt lifestyles, but show the actual tyranny that these folks had to face.  The way its presented is a bit jarring and lore breaking.  Another big thing is the Mother and Daughter from Uganda, which come from the "largest magic school in the word" and do not use wands.  So why don't we play that game?  Magic without  wands sounds way more cool and powerful.  Also Uganda was formed in 1962.  This game takes place in 1890.  I like my historical fiction to be more...historical.  Other than that, this is the accumulation of every great game mechanic from the last decade.  Solid 9 of 10.
I read a few of the books and fell off, but this game makes me want to restart and finish the series. This game looks beautiful and is now on my list to purchase. Thank you for your review.
Haven't even played the game yet, but i get the feeling it's the same as in the modern Star Wars games (not to mention the Disney movies). The characters seem way too powerful. In the lore, Luke Skywalker is suppose to be the most powerful jedi that ever lived, and all you ever really see him do is use immense power to pull his ship from Yodas swamp swamp.. And here is this fuckin other guy pulling star destroyers out of the sky, among other things.
For PC players, one thing to note, is that depending on your setup the glitches that are mentioned in the video are far worse than on PS5. Tons of light artifacts messing up the lighting in certain areas with over saturated light. Mainly I found this to happen when at Hogwarts inside the castle. I hope they patch this soon as it is quite annoying.
mmmmmmmm i want the game but i dont wanna give money to rowling mmmmmmmmm
Biggest disappointment to me in a long time
I’m disappointed in you guys. This is the same garb dif tshirt. I played better on ps4 what are we doing. We should demand better. Graphics are ok i mean there are no foot prints or wetness when in  an out of water. The np s are all the same I can go on an on. Story is bland no depth. I’m not even mentioning glitches that’s expected but this is a budget game mediocre at best unless your a pot head nothing special. This is where gaming is in 2023 just 4-5 aaa games worth playing a year just sad really
So there is no Harry, Hermione and ron ?
I came to this game from dbxv2 and risk of rain, so the combat is easy and relaxing
Do I NEED to be a Harry Potter fan? I’ve never read any books or seen any movies
Games glitchy the first cutscene was broken the 1st
Feels like bully with magic and less pranks.  I’m in love with it. The combat is really fun imo.
In my humble and probably biased opinion as a 90's millennial raised on Harry Potter, this game was phenomenal. I would say it lived up to and exceeded the hype in a way very, very few games have done in the last decade. For the fans it's full or nods, references and straight up recreations; and for the HP casuals it's just a beautiful, magical world of wonder with excellent traversal, exploration and combat. Could there have been more? Yes. It was expansive and gorgeous but it could've definitely done with a morality system or a significant choice making mechanic. Maybe that's just the Fable fan in me but those really felt like they should've been here. Quidditch too, is sorely missed. But these are all things that can elevate the sequel, if they can capture the lighting in the bottle again, improve on it and execute is as well the next game could be as highly anticipated among fans as GTAVI or Elder Scrolls VI
It could be a great MMORPG online game with the subscriptions.
I want every game I ever play ever now to have a broomstick 😢
Wish I could get my money back for this game… I moved too fast
This game is boring af. I regret buying this game man.
The game is boring in my opinion I feel like I’m playing an errand simulator with these missions it’s really slow paced. I’m a big rpg fan but I just find myself playing for a an hour or 2 and getting off
Thank y'all for these before you buy videos they've helped plenty of times, much respect
This game is boring and sucks. Gameranx lied to me again. The coolest part in the game is hogwarts. The caves just lead you down a tunnel with a chest at the end. The dungeons are just spiders. The looting system doesn't feel rewarding enough. There's a total of like 7 different enemy types. I subbed to the channel right now just so I could unsub. The game isn't fun, not worth it. it was fun at the start.
The fighting system (including the fatality charge feature),  the color palette, and the logic of cities and roads resemble so much of the Kingdom of Amalur: Re-Reckoning.
Played this on PC with my 3070ti...Game recommended Medium graphics settings and I decided to test the waters with Ultra. After like 3 hours, I had to switch back to Medium.   They game played smoothly there after, until the missions where I need to access the far area of the map, my GPU usage would bump upto 98-100% for not reason (the areas don't have alot of dynamic elements or activities to cause this) bit the moment I exit the area the game smoothens out and GPU goes to appx. 75-80%.   Aside from the technical issue, the game was amazing. With the wife variety of moveset and the need to keep altering the move set to fit the situation or enemies, the mechanics never got boring for me.   Some decisions in-game actually influence some outcome, such as learning the forbidden curses.   Aside from broom flight, you get to mount beasts, which was amazing.   I love games and appreciate single player games because the online community is just terrible today.   I haven't played a good single player game in ages and this is one if recommend to people. Not alot of nonsensical crafting or gathering, which I something that actually ruins a game experience for me, I want to play a game, not simulate real world activities in a fictional world.   As it relates to puzzles, the game has it's fair share....but they're nothing complicated.
Imagine If rockstar have developed this game
You said spoiler free, yet within the first 2 minutes you're talking about the story. I'd like to go in blind where that's concerned, man.
Sweet, y'all's reviews are like an old gamer buddy letting you know the schpeel
Say it with me.... straightFORward. Not straightFAAAAWard
Is there a way to make your character disabled?
I have a series x  and the digital deluxe edition says not playable on this device 🤷🏻‍♂️
Gcj is high on copium rn so I wanted to see some objective review instead of the shrill cries of people who enjoy tlou talking about « shallow story’s and characters »
@gameranx do a before you buy on Demon Slayer Hinokami Chronicles! I want to hear your honest opinion on that game!
As a die hard Harry Potter fan, I'm excited abt it! And the only reason I haven't gotten it yet is that I know once I get it, I'll neglect all my other games 🤣🤣 I might neglect the outdoors even
What’s wrong with having repetitive gameplay?
Skyrim is a masterpiece.   I don’t know what this is. It’s like a Free99 version of Oblivion.  Can’t stand that I spent $70 for a handful of mini games with okay graphics. The loot is horrific and you’re baby fed traditional RPG elements.   This is the worst Assassin’s Creed yet!
I’d but it just because people say it transphobic
Are all people delusional now? This game is bad in every aspect. Must be all the injections from the recent years i guess ...
I’ll pass on cockwarts leprocy… thanks
This game is great. The devs deserve some high praise for an excellent game. RT
This game looks fun and I am thinking of getting it but I’m not a Harry Potter  fan and I feel like my lack of knowledge may change my experience. Should I still get this game knowing nothing of it
I wish it had online too😢
Almost bought till I heard it's not online...😥
the music is masterpiece
One of the best games I have ever played. Magnificent touch to details. It really shows how much time the devs have invested in this.
Can do you a video on apps?
Can you make a video on the best games too get when on a budget. I cannot afford $60 for a game plus the micro transactions.
Thank you for this video. You motivated me too get my ass up and work for a PlayStation 5.
fliiiiiiiiiiiPENDO! 9.9/10 for me. The only thing that should've been better would be the main story, the dialogue options, and a morality system. There are usually just two options for dialogue, and what at face-value may say, "I'm not interested," in reality has your character say, "go eat dung you filthy piece of trash!"
Glitches in the game? Don't ALL open world games have glitches? It's kind of a "comes with the territory" kinda thing to me.
If you deciding on getting it.. get it!   Source: trust me bro
This is a good game but parts of this game feel rushed and incomplete at times. Optimization on the pc is still pretty bad and the economy/loot system is very underwhelming. So many times I solve pretty difficult puzzles only to find out that it's some mediocre gear I can sell for 60 coins.
I've been playing on PC, I don't have enough RAM to really turn this up, but with it on default low settings this game is lovely!  I have only come across minor glitches like books bouncing on the floor and not spell like more like a stuttering.  I'm not a huge Harry Potter fan but this seemed interesting so I pre-purchased it. (something I rarely do.)  I've played about 15 hours now and I have to say that your Before you buy video really doesn't do this game justice (so far) even on the lowest settings on PC this game is fun, the lore is incredible (I feel like I really am in the world), the combat while a little repetitive is fun and fluid, maybe a tad clunky.  Flying is fun but on keyboard and mouse REALLY clunky, I need to switch to a controller to do the racing time trials, and that is a little clunky.  Honestly I would say the flying controls are the worst part of this game so far, and they're not that bad, except for racing.  Currently I give this game 8/10.
Pros 1) Art Direction 2) Music 3) Graphics 4) Combat 5) Side quests 6) Travelling options and flying/exploring 7) Outfits customization  Cons 1) Main story is kinda weak 2) Bosses  3) Repetitive gameplay after a while 4) Enemy variety 5) Pots brewing isn't done right by being time limited like a mobile game 6) Too many fetch quests 7) Puzzles are hit or miss 8) No Quidditch 9) No multiplayer Overall Score 7/10
game for 8 year olds i never will play shit like that
I loved it but… the longer I played it I started to realise, it just ain’t that good of a game.   The combat is great, broom flying very cool Harry Potter world exploration, epic. Unfortunately though, I feel like a load of open world concepts were thrown together without any real depth, for example; the game didn’t incentivise me to complete the side quests and trials etc as the rewards didn’t seem worth it. The loot kinda sucked and certainly didn’t inspire me to go out looking for it. (As if you can’t find ancient magical artefacts to equip!)    Once I’d finished the main story, that was enough for me, even that was a bit of a chore. 7/10
I'm so glad this game has very good moddability theres already 100s of mods for the game and even one that does some dark magic to make it so I go from 70 average fps to 100 average
Maybe if the graphics didn't look like something from the PS2 it would be worth it.
The game is not glitchy at all tho on my ps5 it’s amazing only had one small glitch so far in my 15hour play trough
Deek think you should be proud of all the reviews you did.
As story mode games go there no disadvantage to coming into it late so is it the best idea to wait for sale
Need help can't decide to buy this or elden ring!!
Spiders? NO THANK YOUUU
Its just like an assassins creed harry potter theme game then? Cause of the rarity in the items? Im expecting a rdr2 with wands and stuffs. The game focuses on the rpg type?
A question based on how conservative and distanced (from the muggle world) the magical world are (during the Potter books), aren't people dressed rather modern (for the time) and snazzy? Now I wonder if there's some lore about them being more modern and (maybe) less conservative in the late 1800s.  Another question, how well implemented are different secrets (like the passages) from the books implemented? I.E. could you use them?  The game looks interesting.
The game who lived
honestly i was hopping for more school based stuff and some kind of interactivity with chars or possibly other players...to be fair i was told early on multiplayer aspects would not be put into the game at all. it just "magic school with friends" is a major part of the harry potter series imo
How do the magic spells compare to elder scrolls schools of magic like conjuration, alteration, destruction, restoration etc  The combat puts me off. Seems like button mashing? And too fast paced for me - needs less strategy and more spell spamming.   Open world random events and NPC quality  also seems questionable.
Where do the students transfer from?
This game has already spotted nicely into my top 5 games ever. I’m around 10 hours in and just want to keep exploring and collecting everything. Yes it’s a little glitchy and hopefully that can be patched. The amount of dlc they could put out too is massive
This video of Hogwarts Legacy will have better resolution than the switch
I went through highschool from 2004/2007. I was HUGE into Star Wars, but scoffed at Harry Potter.   My wife got me into Harry Potter, and I got her into Star Wars. I’m 33 now, and I’m FAR more into HP than SW.   This game is an absolute joy to play. I’m 55 hours in and on my second character.
Now only a pokemon game needed like this
It's crazy that this game has made $850+ million in 2 weeks while only available on PC, PS5, and XBX. The last-gen versions come out in April.
I chose a voice without really paying attention and I quickly realized it was basically a harry potter impression.
I can't believe this game blew anyone's brains out because it's superficial and empty at best. The characters look like they came out of the Sims game, while the story is shallow and empty. I literally felt the torture while playing it, and I didn't have the strength to finish it to the end. I say this as a big fan of the Harry Potter world. I believe the game was more nostalgic, but to say that this game is something revolutionary is really blasphemous. When you put it next to games like RDR2, the game looks like a dry parody. Uninteresting missions, repetitive tasks and opponents, a story without a real point.
I’m amused that you made a comparison between a “normal time of year” and fall. Poor fall.
Dungeons and puzzles are weak as heck
My only complaint is that I feel alone in Hogwarts. The NPCs don't really have any unique personality or schedule, you can't talk to most of them. The classes are just one quicktime event and you are done. There are very few special events you randomly stumble upon, especially at night. Students seem to just appear and disappear and look lifeless. Outside of exploring and doing the quests there is very little to do. I wish they implemented a points system for the 4 different houses, where you can collect house points like in the older games.
I swear my character looked like Topher Grace
The glitches are the issue palying on a CONSOLE ! play on PC and it is flawless. As always consoles SUCK !
I do not understand the controversy behind this game and the boycott that failed can someone explain??
Brother you sound like Columbus from Zombie Land haha. Your voice is great and so was the video!
As someone who have never seen any of the movies or haven’t read any books Ik little to nothing about the Harry Potter universe would it be a good idea for me to pick up the game? I’m very interested in giving it a try
Hello everyone, could you help me a little bit? I have a laptop with i7-1255U, ddr4 16 gb and iris xe, will the game be played OK with these qualities?
Not even a harry Potter fan, I think your underselling it. This game is a masterpiece
Would it be a good game to play after elden ring?
Using bully as reference 👍
Hogwarts Legacy a game with no micro-transactions in 2023, must be dreaming.
K. 5 days later and now at the end of the game. Soooo the graphics are good. Story is decent. BUT, the game is VERY repetitive. You also don’t get anything but achievements for completing menial tasks like trials. Waste of time. So now that I’m at the end I can say I just want it to be over. Again, the lock-on feature and combat needs desperate updates. Shoulda waited for discount price, def not worth $69.
I really hate harry potter franchise but as a game can I enjoy it , that's my question
My favourite part was the attempted boycott that brought even more attention to this game.
“The game is a bit glitchy at times.” Me, who has *countless hours* in Skyrim: Say no more.
Before you buy,the game is fully bugged and have tons of issues fyi
>ripping off John Williams  You know he borrows heavily from everywhere else righ
My only problem is I wish I could zoom the camera waaay more out and I wish there was more player choice. It’s a bit too hand holdey.
This review cements why I prefer Jakes and Falcons opinion over anybody at IGN or Gamespot.
you have a great voice especially for these videos.
This game looks like a generic open world harry potter themed.. I was expecting a school simulator type feel tbh.. Meh can't please everyone. I won't be bothering with this game. Also 9:43 I mentioned this on the gameplay leaks, I knew the students would be dull and boring.. This game is getting too much credit but in all seriousness it's nothing great.
Reminds me of greedfall
This is one of the few games I've seen you be happy with. It's a good change of pace.
Game is missing SO much but I'll take it because it's the only recent Harry Potter.
Gameranx:Says the review is spoiler free. 10:28 “its like a endgame story thing”. Cmon jake don’t just come with those nasty spoilers.
It would have been awesome if those who pre-ordered the game actually got a limited edition Howard acceptance letter or a customized one
I'm not HP fan but this game is my best gaming experience since Witcher 3. Exploring is amazing. Battle is intense. Even collecting stuff is great because there's always something to read of think to resolve. No easy and boring "pick ups". Only thing that feels underdeveloped is looting clothes. Since you are able to upgrade you own stuff finding new clothes is just sell stuff. Also transmog makes new items useless. But overall it's AMAZING, MAGIC and somehow cozy-feeling game.
I need Clortho's Legacy game now!
Die hard HP fan. Boycott Boycott Boycott. Gamers: It's a decent game. I like it.  There's a huge line between Fandom and Gamers.
Do they have the tri wizard tournament?
Ahh.. The good old Gameranx.. One of favorite channels that talks about my favorite topics😏
It Nice Hurry Fucker game.😃
im playing on xbox series x and ive been playing on balanced, the game's fps drops inside of hogwarts
Currently debating between preordering Wo Long or snagging Hogwarts, I'm excited for this year's games, to say the least
1:14 minute of pure crap talk... disgusting how you make me bored already
The main thing for me AGAINST the game is the fact that it feels like it's a pointless game to play unless you're doing a mission. The open world is just "meh".  The combat definitely gets stale after the first few hours.
My only problem with this game and the reason I have not bought it is because its not an MMO so theres only so much playtime I will get outta this game.
Bro, u got more views then IGN..
im no harry potter fan but im glad hp fans finally got something they can be proud of, can’t wait to play
I was never a diehard Harry Potter fanboy like I am with the Star Wars franchise, but when I saw more recent footage of this game in the past four months or so, I was just so impressed with the graphics and the sense that the devs seemed to have really captured the essence of the Potter-verse, I knew I wanted to play it.
For those who wanna play and are afraid of spiders like me, there is actually mod that replaces them with living boxes. Its called "Arachnophobia mode" by NorskPL. I highly recomend it , trully live saving, and trust me - there alot of giant spiders in this game.
4 different house = 4 different experiences :)
Seems odd you can just attack random people and nothing happens overall in the long run... Trying to go to the dark side is pointless
So PC version - I play for over 40 hours on a system with a 3080ti and an 19-12900K Intel processor just for reference. I experienced none of the graphical glitches in this review, but on the PC there are points where the framerates will just plummet. This has never happened to me when it "matters" but it is there. The characters you interact with are a bit stilted and bland, and most of the tasks you have to do in the game can be a bit tedious after a while. However, actual quests are unique, varied and well executed. All in all, I was shocked at how much fun the game really is with the combination of stunning settings, snappy and varied methods of combat and decent story elements. The key for me was explore explore explore! I easily give this game 4.5 out of 5 stars.
What mode did you play on? Seems like performance uncapped is best for VRR tvs
It’s a nice game for children. Wish I didn’t buy it for full price 😢 also it’s too easy even on hard difficulty when You unlock some spells and talents.
buy?
Just like Avatar, where 2 and 3 were filmed back to back and 4 and 5 have been plotted out as well.
Honestly sucks that older gens get this 3 months later that's really shitty on the developers part and impossible to overlook spoilers
The only complaint I have is that combat is way too easy even on hardest difficulty, kinda defeats the purpose of all those cultivating, exploring and looting because u will do fine without all those
NGL i was on the ign video with it paused then i came here cause these reviews are 10x Better not even close, plus this is in 4k ign only 1080 OOOF
I think your voice sounds great man 2:26
Now if only there was multiplayer
Honestly one of the best games I have played in a very long time. Well done
This game made me recognize how amazing of a controller the dualsense is and how awesome 3D Audio is. Yeah I think it’s an RPG that plays a little too safe. However on hard the game is difficult. I’m close to 50 hours in and am still going through the story. Exploration is amazing, I highly recommend turning off the mini-map.
The most vanilla rpg ever.
10:54 Why was this the most replayed part?
Great game but for the love of god fix the terrible lock on feature. It’s horrible. Should be no reason for your character to switch to an enemy far away when one is right in front of you.
Amazing game 🔥
Oh hell, flippendo is in there?!
loved it! the game and your review!
Can you play this game with no internet?
As someone who's more of a Star Wars fan and knows barely any HP lore, but also someone who loves RPG's, how would you guys rate and recommend this game?
I'm absolutely loving this game, I feel like I've finally found a game that scratches that itch left by Skyrim, even the scenery is similar, I've waited years for a game like this
NOOOOOO did jake really say he has an annoying voice? my guy you have no idea how soothin it is
I want a game like this for bounty hunters im SW
Unfortunately, very little replay value, if any.   I wish all games could be as dense as the Witcher 3. That, to me, is the perfect game.
Heyo so another thing you should know before you buy: jk Rowling is a mad terf/awful transphobe. So maybe pirate the game instead of giving that nasty lady money
If I can't make choices of whether to be good or evil, I don't want it
Those graphics are insane but overall the game looks boring af. It's kinda off putting that they've basically just reskinned SoM, from the UI to the map symbols etc. Like they really couldn't come up with something new and unique? I love massive, open worlds and I've been so tempted to buy this but I'll probably pass on it. I got tired of seeing the same combat animations after like 5 minutes of it in this video so I can only imagine how tedious it would be over 40+ hours. Huge props to them for visuals though, probably the best looking game ever made for console.
Guys I need help, I'm a really big fan of Harry Potter, and I really want to play this game, but I've been checking dead space and it looks really cool too, and I can only afford 1 game 🥲
10/10, I would nominate Hogwarts Legacy as Game of The Year 2023! I love the action adventure in a semi open world. For the magic combos, let's IMPERIO! CRUCIO! AVADA KEDAVRA!!!!
Game was primarily made by fans for fans. Those of us that have wanted this for years finally got what we wanted.   You can FEEL the passion when you play and even non fans are enjoying thr game. It's a breath of fresh air
I loved it!!!
April 4th needs to come now!! I want to play this game before some as*hat spoils it in a video thumbnail or some other social media bs. Better not be canceled last min like gotham knights was for ps4!!  April 4 is only just over a month away. Its really not that long a wait for ps4 and Xbox One. People are really making it seem like delaying those versions was a big deal. But realistically the game needs to be ready to ship around mid march anyway since april 4th is the date. Clearly the game wasn't as broken on those consoles and as hard to program.   As for the switch.. well my hopes and prayers are with those players and community..🙏
What about the use of dualsense? Is it good?
Reskinned destiny equip screen.
i wouldve loved a more kind of ni no kuni intro starting out, if even with the majority of it being cut scenes, but i think the journey to hogwarts and a couple of first classes wouldve been a great way of doing the tutorial
I might get this...
looks like it wont follow the films story.
can't wait to play this next week... just wondering what would people (or yourself) recommend getting this on xbox series x or a ps5?
If youre not a harry potter fans or not really following the lore. Is this game still worth to play ?
Before you buy: Its coming to torrent soon!
Haven't played this game yet but seen a first hour gameplay,form this video i see that the character can sorta fly/dodge without a mount obv is just game flavour and may add a bit of deep lore on how strong we are since only two mages could fly without the use of mounts being Voldemort and Snape (movies just ruined it as the books would have underlined how powerful snape was instead in the movies everyone could do that)
This looks fun!
Do you need to be a harry potter fan to enjoy the game?
Give me bully max Payne this for nerds
i wish Falcon did this review!, Jake just sounds bland nowadays & making odd remarks making the game sound average, Hogwarts might be the best game in the last 10years (in my opinion)
With AI, will games get better and get produced faster?
I really wanted to fight students tho... KInda a bummer but i understand
You play as a fifth-year TRANSFER STUDENT? From where Pig Pimples?
finally an ACTUAL review
If you're not a fan of Harry Potter you're gonna like this game, if you are a fan you're gonna love it.
T pose to assert dominance on your enemies
We are boycotting this game.
Wish this kinda effort was put into a franchise I actually like.
The combat system is one of the best I have ever played with. And btw you can bump into students and they will react. Sometimes you can talk with them a line just like this and still, they are moving, doing things and talking to other students. Even the portraits are reacting to your presence
Can anyone who has played it and is critical of storytelling tell me if the story is mediocre or actually good?
Sad this game did not contract with Harry Potter author to get the copyright for the actual names.. there is no way i am paying $60 for a knock-off of unfinished game or drifted story/characters $15-20 would even be questionable.
There’s just so much to do and it’s very very layered. My main complaint though is all of the talking and exposition and I’m still only maybe 12 hours into the game and I’ve had some pretty epic things happen. I’m guessing this game is the type that’s meant to be played for hundreds of hours but I’m ready to see some really crazy cool stuff.
I'm not even a Harry Potter fan and I think this game is great. The story sucks but I wasn't really buying it for that anyway.
"A place where you can keep animals you capture to save them from poachers" sounds like you're just poaching them yourselves lmao
JK Rowling is a transphobic bigot and anti LGBtQ Ally! Anyone playing this game that I will not name is complacent in bigotry and the harrasment and knowing discrimination of Transwomen!/s
I like the game but damn it’s slow on my 3070
Everyone looks like each other's relatives
it’s awkward switching spells at first during a fight, but once you get the hang of it you can be pretty fast. i’ve played this game sm lol. it’s sick
My only complaints with this game is I feel like the cut scenes can drag on way too long. The combat is fun and fluid but I feel like the talking sometimes takes up over a quarter of my play time
I really like how accessible this game is as well for disabled players. I’m visually impaired and the game reads to me i’ve never really gotten this up until a few years ago
Not a huge Harry Potter fan, but I'm heavily thinking about getting this, but maybe I'll get the new Star Wars Fallen Order gave
it really is sad one of my favorite franchises was brought into this world by someone who'd hate me for me being who I am. I'd like to try this out but I can't stand giving her any of my money just so she can fund more bigoted crusades against people like me and people I love. I'll wait for this to hit the second hand market
Bruh I’m done with gaming I can’t even play it cuz I got a Xbox one not the x/s like why should I get the newer console my “last gen” Xbox still works  Fucking gaming
Sadly the regular patterns of enemies (or how slow they can be, even the diversity of enemies) and repetitiveness takes away some points. But they could easily patch that (at least the first part). A solid game, nonetheless, 8/10 (and maybe even 9). Beautiful, great soundtrack and I feel like it was a good release (given the hype and our horror memory with Cyberpunk). For fans, non fans and gamers in general. You don’t have to be a Harry Potter fan to enjoy this game, which is nice. If it’s also going to receive some DLC’s with additional content (and many hours), even better. I don’t think that not being able to interact with the students would be a minus. In any RPG, when you interact with a normal NPC, there is nothing interesting going on.
I came to see if you touched upon Rowling's current controversies regarding transgender people, I'm disappointed that it wasn't acknowledged in video
"magic fighting with sticks"
I have to say I've been a gamer for years and Have been obsessed with the wizarding world of harry potter since I was a kid. I'm 24 never have bought a game at full price but am sure that's about to change. I have never wanted to by a game just after release this much in my entire life. I will go as far to say that I teared up from excitement after watching all the trailers probably over 10 times.Thanks for the advice about what to expect from the game. I most likely will sucome to  makeing my first full price game purchase. But I doubt I will regret it!
Die hard HP fan but need to wait for the xbox one version... Really looking forward to play ! :D game looks amazing !
You can stun-lock an enemy forever by using leviosa and accio. Even on hard, the game is too easy.
It just feels like a ubisoft game :(  everything is canned. Go to quest marker, talk to someone, go get item etc. Etc.  The dark forest is basically empty. You dont find many enemies in the open world. The on-rails tutorial is painfully slow and boring.    They got the mechanics down really well, but they wrapped it in a garbage bag.
cant wait to play on my nintendo switch
Answer to Video:  ask Boss for small pay rise next month as I prep the wallet for the RTX3070.
I honestly I won't be buying because there's no morality, I enjoy that shit.
It's 2023 and the  AI  of NPCS behave just like in Mario .. Shocked no one noticed it
You just had to make the thumbnail look like Harry Potter, huh? When you can make your character look like ANYONE, Damn you Jake Baldino 😂
It's 2023 & games still glitch wtf
On 3:00 I just paused the video and bought the game, thank you 😁👌🏼
Have you also noticed that almost everyone in the castle is just way too nice? Every student wants to be your BFF and you're every professors favourite student. The chosen one in all possible ways.
The disc game needing online to play is garbage and not everyone has internet so dumb azz dicision Warner bros
Nice review free of drama, wish more reviews were like it.
Treat it like a Zelda game and you’ll have some fun.  Certainly not an RPG with any depth.
There needs to be a LoTR open world game, with the same amount of care given to it as Hogwarts Legacy.
I buying simply because of the backlash it's getting lmao
As someone who swore I would never use Windows again, I am pleased that this game will eventually come to Nintendo Switch.
Bro your voice is not annoying ign all their voices are Annoying lol
I've been really enjoying this game. The broom flight is so smooth and natural, I just wish it was earlier in the game (12 story missions in). The transmog system adds everything that's identified to cosmetics you pick up, even if you sell or destroy them. But there are some things that are annoying. Like you can't pause cut scenes on the PS5 version. I have to purposely pause before talking to npc's or I have to go to the home menu on the console. I've had some crazy bugs. One time I waded in a stream and had some glitchy, jittery, slow moving squat/stand thing. Got out and the menu and touch pad button stopped working. I had to close the game and re-open to get them back. Another I got stuck in a fireplace in a house and had to fast travel out.
games looks really nice but im not sure my laptop can handle it and idk if i wanna spend that much for it to be laggy for me
I’ve finished the game. The story is surprisingly interesting and build great depth to the World. I had an absolute blast with this game and am looking forward to any DLCs or added content with more missions. I feel the is still so much more that can be done with this world. ❤🎉
There is nobody I would rather take gaming advice from than you MR Jake Baldino, you sexy beast!
I don't like RPG combat when this is a Harry Potter game.   You don't need to hit someone with Stupify or Expeliarmus 5 times to disarm or knock them out on the books or movies...
Muggles, rejoice. The Ministry of Magic has approved the game.
Gameplay seems mid to me. The great looks and IP seem to carry it. The game doesnt look bad but since im not a hardcore fan of the IP im not sure if I would buy it.
BEFORE YOU BUY .... INSERTS THUMBNAIL OF HANDS
It's a good game. I'd still wait a good 6 months in hopes of performance optimizations.
I already pre-ordered the deluxe edition of the game in August. And it's one of the best purchases I've ever made! The game is awesome! I'm not hating on trans people but those who hate the game because they think it's transphobic seriously need to shut up! J.K. Rowling didn't mean it like that. And people clearly took her tweets out of context!
I’m 20 hours into this and bored already. The game looks amazing but the gameplay and experience lack so much depth. I don’t even feel like a student. I feel like a guy who’s been invited to see what Hogwarts is like and also happens to be a mary sue who can master any spell in under a minute. Such a shame.
And Xbox One couldn’t handle these  graphics ? They ain’t even that impressive Next gen only ?
your voice is not annoying, what are you talking about?
Thought I was the only one that noticed some similar things to bully which I love. Thought the class missions were something different from regular side questions or main missions so I liked that rather than just having all the spells in hand you need to work for them
Amaziiiiing💙💙
NPC : exist. Me : AVADA ...
I miss all the original harry potter music unfortunately 🥹 it sounds like it but its not the original. And since when did asian proffessors took over?😅
this was the harry potter game i never knew i needed until i played it 😂 game is awesome
You know to this day, i dont get the appeal of harry potter. Might just be my absolute distain for most magic in media and how its used as an exmachina in every fucking story its in.
It's sad to me that because it's so commonplace for games nowadays to be buggy and glitchy that people can sit there and call them "charming" instead of calling them what they are. Problems that come with a finished product.  The developers nowadays demand you pay full price for their games but then deliver you a dysfunctional product and you call it "charming."   Yep. This is what gaming has become.
Came for the video, stayed for the comments
I wish it would have been more of an everyday life simulator 😕 Now I know, thx ✌️
i hope they add in the future that u can start form first year becuase it would be fun that way
reminds me of Fable
There was no need for a before you buy on Hogwarts. Just buy.
Oh my lord! This game looks absolutely wonderful! Every inch seems hand-crafted. I'm going to spend most of my time walking (not running) around I think. The effects are cool and impactful, the lighting is incredible. Every chamber seems to be different. I hope the texture pop-ins and T-pose stuff is not on PC, or that it will be fixed through a patch at some point. I might have to buy 10 copies of this game. Don't even need them all, I just want to support good craftsmanship.
unfortunately on pc it has some perfomance issues... ray tracing is just trash, better keep it turned off, and random stuttering and frame drops are pretty annoying. Also dont even try to install it on hdd the loading times are really bad and the textures dont have time to load, with ssd it gets better but still some issues persist
Is there any quidditch to play with?
The only paid DLC I could really see them doing is multi-player Quidditch. Could be an interesting mode.
after 35 hrs ive had no glitches whatsoever on ps5 : )
The Game is awesome, except the alohomora mechanic, please remove this bullshit. It completely takes the flow out of this game. Many casual gamers will not finish the game because of this crap.
Just beat the story last night, but I still feel like there's so much to do. The game has a lot of playability. I very much enjoyed the combat, even though the ancient magic and killing curse are a bit op. The cds kind of make up for it. The beasts are awesome to mess with. I've found there are what I'm calling shiny beasts for now. They have a little star next to their gender sign. I'm hoping for dlc.
I don't know what about you, but I feel the main Con is that there isn't a real villain. Like there's no real plot but just side quests. If there was a main villain I would have buy the game....
Did he say only 16 spells to unlock? Ought to be 60
Every rpg open world game tries to replicate and be witcher 3 I swear 😂😂😂
Pisses me off now, like is an rpg going to do something else rather than copy and paste a skill tree with lots of pointless side missions alongside an underwhelming story
I don't find your voice annoying at all. After all this time listening to your reviews, I actually find it quite comforting.
Watching this after I bought the game
its important to note, the camera and lock-on will only mess you up AT FIRST, if youre atleast halfway decent with hand eye coordination and reactions you'll get the hang of it quickly.
I also noticed there are resemblance to the Middle Earth games in the way the open World works, and thats a huge advantage
the game eats 27gigs of ram, it is really choppy and stutters a lot but it is a fun game, im blaming denuvo since that thing costs you 20-40fps
It is nothing compared to modern RPGs... HL is disappointing to say the least.
This is an amazing game, have not had this much fun and immersion since witcher 3.
should i get it on pc or ps5??
Can’t wait to play this looks so amazing I hope it has a long run. People stop hating on a video game and let’s get back to fun gaming!!
2 home runs so far with dead space and Harry Potter 🤔 can't be!
So, are they going to make a VR version or what?
This game was pretty good IMO back in the day. One of the few adventure game that doesn’t make me bored. so I can only imagine what this is like.
I bought it feb 9
My overall thoughts on the game? It's fun, it feels fresh, it didn't have a disastrous launch, and I can't put the controller/M&KB down. But I do think it has a lot of missed opportunity that I hope to see in either a sequel or in DLC or general updates.
If you chose to change your voice pitch you can change it again in the settings menu. For those of you that don't know, you don't have to start a new game.
i hope they make npc interactive and not just for backround and of course fix the *brighter pale skin*
“Its a bit glitch if that annoys you” *laughs in 600 hour cyberpunk save*
Get a used copy  Jk rowling is using the success of this to push her anti trans agenda. It is a great game, but there's like 3 or more ways to enjoy it without funding the bad guys ;) allegedly
Just bought it, not even a big Harry Potter fan always thought the movies were good but never read the books. This game is a blast
Let's See how long it takes for nude skin to come out.
this game feels so nostalgic to me. It’s such an amazing journey and is one of the best games I’ve played in awhile. I teared up when playing it for the first time because Harry Potter is so dear to my heart.
The game already have quite a lot of modding going on, even a basic multiplayer build that syncs characters (ineffectively) is in the works.
true, NPCs make the environment live or dead, this game looks dead when free roaming.
i purchase the deluxe edition for both pc and ps5 ☺
hopefully for the next game in harry potter world is more linear, better story game, Hogwarts legacy is fine, could be better tho
do u suggest i get it on pc or xbox x/s
Buying just to piss off the troons
This is perfect. The first review that has opened with "charming". As someone who enjoyed the movies, but never read the books I LOVE this game. I find myself smiling at each new, fun discovery. It's the first game in a long time I've fought sleep to play. Just a wonderful game! As a PC player, I def noticed the glitches, but a week in and they've been mostly addressed. I really loved that Fig was clearly based on Hurt's Olivander, who was the best minor character in the whole series. Love, love, love this game!
I know absolutely nothing about Harry Potter outside of character names but maaaaaan. I’m reeeeeeeally thinking about getting this. It looks like an amazing GAME before anything else. Has anyone gotten this who isn’t the biggest potter fan? And would you recommend it?
Fantastic game; I'm impressed tbh...the delays were well worth it!
You have an annoying voice? You voice and falcon’s voice makes me come back to your videos bruh
Ya before u buy know that you might have black graphic popping when looking into open areas of the game and can't find many ways on how to fix that..still having the issue..don't want to go above my time if I have to return the game back to steam or they won't let me return it.. haven't been past the main area you teleport to and have an hour into the game already..have the game on PC off of steam..otherwise the game isn't bad..if anyone know any great info please let me know
Bought the game deluxe version of the game twice to stick it to the mentally ill
They used their delay time wisely
The flying time trials is god awfully difficult. The camera control is horrible during flying I wish there was a button that would center the camera because when I try to turn my character starts to freak out and turn to much. It starts to feel like I have no control.
I want a multiplayer game, if this was like World of warcraft I would totally be in
I have a phobia of spiders how do I avoid them
JK said nothing wrong, did nothing wrong- and the game is freaking amazing!
so basically Harry Potter: Bully
Now, this doesn't provide all the information pertinent to the game, does it? You mentioned that people are fighting over it. Why?
As a huge HP fan, I can say that exploring the castle is the most fun I have had in a game in years. There are a ton of secrets to discover from the books. The statue of the one-eyed witch was such a joy to find, as was the painting of Barnabus the Barmy, with a stretch of blank wall across from it. Just a ton of nods to the lore.
I wish the game made it possible to have more voices for both the male and female characters
How is this game compared to The Witcher 3? It gives me serious Witcher 3 vibes.
I litterally only watch these to know if a game is good or not 💯
hmm 🤔this looks really good.. and it's on ps4 apparently? dang i might have to get this.. wanted a good Harry Potter universe game since i was like 7 years old lol! hmm. :)
So basically this is The Witcher 3 but in the Harry Potter universe… Nice!
I'm not interested in buying this game for two reasons: I've never been that interested in Harry Potter and J.K. Rowling is a transphobe. Sorry, but that's how I feel.
Rowling hates trans. Therefore I’m buying it.
You’re voice isnt annoying!
terf game
best game ive played in a long time.  if/when they add online... it will be on par with RDR2 and GTA5
Hard pass. It just looks and feels so cheap and uninspired.
Falcon. Where is Falcon? He would have been much better here.
No center dot hit box marker hmmmm that’s a turn off for me coming frm a fps. So I’m assuming pvp with no center dot will have some what like a fighter game mechanics base more on timing then aiming
Is Hogwarts legacy better for PS5 or Xbox series X?  I have both systems just hoping to get recommendations which is the better one to buy.  Thanks.
why does almost EVERY SINGLE game needs to be open world, fuck that shit, give me a linear story focused game where I dont have to backtrack and have to explore everything in order not to miss anything.
Jake fr, u dont have an annoying voice.. its legit one of the main reasons i watch ur vids, cuz of ur quite soothing voice
“I have a bit of an annoying voice in real life” my brother in Christ you have built a giant channel based on your voice
You haven't done a wanted dead review what. Are. You. Sleeping. On.
A little summary of negative reviews on steam: 1) Heavy compatability issues with PC for many people, even with the highest level pc and screen. 2) Open world is limited by level barriers, so not really very open world 3) NPCs dont react at all to you unless they're part of a quest 4) Normal story is ok, but side stories are very basic and repetitive fetch quests.  5) The limited amount of spells, like 25 in total and 4 at a time, is a bit crippling for the literal wizard world. Do i just forget all the spells i know? 6) Difficulty increase just increases hp and damage, somewhat unfortunately.  7) Overall lack of interactivity with the world and NPCs can make the game seem rather dead.    Overall a solid game, if you're a HP fan it might be worth it. The execution is pretty good. If you're not super-invested in harry potter, the game offers little genre-breaking things.  Free, or cheaper? Sure, worth a shot. But it's 70$. You can buy a lot of good games with that. I'd instead recommend Divinity Original Sin 2 Definitive Edition.
I was very impressed with the combat, its just so much fast paced fun that also requires a bit of skill for good reaction times and combos
Playing on pc and didnt have any glitches just problems with graphics - taa, dlaa and dlss are all super blurry and need a lot of sharpening to look ok.
WHOOO CAAAARES if the wand isnt functional LMAOOOOOO I am 25 and loved every moment of making my wand 😂 changing out the handles. Shit is fun bro
jake u forgot to talk about enemy variety :(
I really wanted to like this game it’s just too much “avalanche” reminds me of assassin’s creed odyssey or the Witcher I wanted an Elden Ring type game (I know I shot too high)
I recommend you to try to play on boosteroid, works great
I think it’s absolutely unacceptable that you don’t ride the train in. And the excuse for no quidditch is just awful. Those were my two biggest things going into the game. I also wanted the castle so be HUGE and very interactive, they got half of that right I guess.
I really like some of the mods people have made for this so far.  There are several shader mods so you can get the look just perfect for what you want it to be.
You should try it on a PC. we all play in PC and none of us have the glitchy issues you mentioned except for the inconsistent lighting in a couple of cut scenes, but nothing bad or immersion breaking. Ray tracing helps. The controls on the PC for casting I think are better with the mouse wheel to roll between spell sets. I tried it with a controller but quickly decided I liked the mouse and keyboard better. I did remap the flying controls to put the up and down on the mouse instead of using Ctrl and space.
I bought it twice!!!
Now i imagine persona game but in hogwarts, that would be a better harry potter game
Professor Garlick 🥵
The flick it system from skate to this would be a great idea, it would have many possibilities for types of spells
Hogwarts Legacy is a beautifully fun game.
Is it worth it as someone who is familiar with Harry Potter but not a die hard fan?
Voldemort's gonna seem like Ghandi after I'm done with this game.
It’s “after you buy” for me😏
T pose💀
Been playing this game for about 15 hours now. The devs have smashed it. Just exploring. The classes, the combat it’s all just awesome.   They’ve got an absolute gem of a game here and it’s been a very long time since I’ve actually enjoyed one this much.   Gaming as a whole has been on a massive decline for me. It’s games like this that make me excited as a gamer. It reignites  the passion of pumping hours into a game and loosing track of time. getting lost in a world that was clearly handled with tremendous care.   BUY THIS GAME! You won’t regret it.
No graphical issues on PC for me
Been playing since day 1 and have only seen 1 bug. Great job to the devs
Is it just me or did the game just miss the mark
Always watching these after buying while waiting for the download
Will this game be fun for someone that’s not a Harry Potter fan ?
First of all, the game's great. Love or hate JK, who I am quite fond of at this point, you gotta admit that the world of Harry Potter is perfect for this type of game. It's still far from perfect, but hopefully future updates will bring some QOL features, better PC optimizations, maybe some more mini games, and please, avalanche, for the love of Hagrid, let me sit on benches and chairs. It's a small detail that goes a very long way.
honestly the environment  seems really well built and i think it's one of the best i've seen graphically for a fantasy game
in my experience, i downloaded and played it the tuesday it came out for deluxe. haven’t experienced 1 glitch that i can remember yet 25 hours in. xbox series c
I’m not big on RPG’s. Didn’t like Dark Souls for example. I also never seen nor read anything about Harry Potter.   I loved the likes of GoW, Returnal etc.   Having said that, would this game be worth it for me?
What loses my interest in playing the game: - Animations are too fast most of the times. - The poor coding that plays the animation of running even when you're up against a wall is very sad. - The textures and graphics I was hoping they'd be better in a game of 2023 (I haven't played a AAA games for a while so that might just be me) It seems to be a cool game but as a fan of harry potter I'm a little disappointed. I know it's a big game and it takes forever to do and a lot of work. But I have to be real and that's what happens to me when I see the gameplay.
I'm loving this game.  It's up there with Elden Ring, Witcher 3, Skyrim, Borderlands 2...
This game makes you feel like a real women Potter
Hilarious that they decided to bring Flipendo back. That brings back memories :)
Never really liked Star Wars. But this is my Star Wars - I freaking love Harry Potter so this is s dream game and its definitely my game of the year🎉🎉
I love Harry Potter's world no matter how many haters keep being dumba** by this game
I don’t think I’m the biggest fan of the fight mechanics, I find that after I cast my spells in a battle I’m always walking closer to the target after each one, so it makes it really difficult to have control over my positioning. Other than that the game so far is very solid. I’m only an hour in
I heard it's impossible to see my comment, I'm too late to the party...
Buying this
I don't even Harry Potter but I love the subtle transphobic references. I'm buying a copy for myself and all of my friends.
So the cringy dialogue, and bad voice acting are making this game a slog for me. It feels like a 10 year old wrote a Harry Potter fanfic imo the combat is alright and the visuals/music are great but I honestly just can't stand any of the characters and the nonstop barfing of exposition.
Where are all those people chatting shit about the combat in the one minute trailer now 🤔
I'm watching this with 20 hours in the game
Does school works the same as The Bully game where schedule will make you decide wether to go to class??
Remember if you buy this game it doesn't mean your a terf but it does mean you don't care about trans people.
Before you buy? Dont need to think. Just buy it.
40+ hours in... this game still throws things at me that surprises the shit outta me. The devs did an amazing job
You’re voice isn’t annoying
Please put Jake Baldino in a meat canyon episode...
"Too glitchy?"  Buddy, I beat unpatched Cyberpunk.
Need that Percy Jackson game next
The next game of the year
Can someone explain the flipendo thing for me? I'm not a real one
I used to really love this universe, and I used to know every little bit of lore, but it was always easy to get excited about the Harry Potter universe because I felt like I was the target audience.  Then with fantastic beasts and cursed child I didn’t feel like the target audience anymore so I became interested in other franchises.  This feels like it is targeting me and people like me as the audience again, but it might be too late.  I’m not sure.  If I somehow find myself with a current gen console I’ll probably buy the game, but I was planning on skipping this gen console since we are like 3 years into a console cycle that typically lasts 5 years and last gen still plays most new games.
Wasted 70$ on Arkham knights. Such a dog shit game
I’m excited to see what they do with online, could be the wizards gta
does this game have 1000 fetch quests like assassin's creed?
On the point about the voice pitch, you can change this in the menu after the character creation.
Performance is really a issue with this one
this is the witcher 3 and the latest assassins creed games nothing at all original about the gameplay but it's charming and it has fun gameplay as i enjoyed those games.
Just cracked me up how the wokeies tried to boycott a HP game, like they had any influence on actual normal humans
Your voice is not annoying
No mentions of Quidditch!! Is it a thing?
Not sure if they fixed one of your concerns, but I noticed npcs reacting if you cast a "damaging" spell close to them. I was in the wrong cast tree and let out a bombarda next to a student which said "you should be more careful with that spell"
Should probably lead with the fact that whether you buy the physical game or not the game is essentially digital.   On ps5 you get about 30 minutes of the game on the disc. The rest is completely locked away until you update. Not a problem if you have adequate internet. If you don't it could be a while before you play the game if you have slow internet or delete the game. You might not be able to play it at *all* if you have no internet.  It baffles me how a game can come out; at 70 dollars, without the game on the disc and everyone praises it.
Thank you so much for reviewing this game honestly and without any ulterior motives. I'm still deciding whether to get the game as it mostly reminds me of the Lego Harry Potter game which I 100%ed
Is it out on Xbox 1 yet it won’t let me play
this game looks boring AF watched my buddy stream it for a while today and it was just boooooorrrrinnng
In what ways is this game "bigger" than Arkham Knight or the Middle Earth games? This has to be a sponsor😂
I just discovered the cosmetics (transmog) 10 minutes ago after missing then somehow. I thought I'd pop in and get to choose the couple i unlocked, and boy was i pleasantly surprised... You can choose anything you've gotten before. I was wearing 10 lvl lower stuff just because it looked 100x better, now i can have my perfect outfit and i love it. Wish that was standard in every game with outfits/armor.
This game has sold well and plays pretty well. It has a lot of potential for an even better sequel, one which I hope follows the "Bully" game school structure a bit more.
Why is being able to cast flipendo noteworthy?
Can deluxe edition be played on ps4
Next we need a Lord of the rings open world game
Still upset I can't just fight students on sight
So far I haven't played the game but I will hopefully soon, so far looks great but also kind of reminds me of Dragon Age in a way.
S1rona you will never be a witch!
I spent hours exploring just the Castle and I would get lost constantly;  thank god for the fast travel system because I wouldn’t have been able to leave find the exit
I echo the sentiments from this video. One note is that while the music is good, it can be ill timed. I was exploring a creepy cave (filled with one stupid chest) to a jaunty tune better suited to the three broomsticks.
23+ spells!!! I enjoy combat as well
I was so looking forward to this game but it keeps crashing due to memory issues. I have the hardware on PC that they require but it just won't run :(
What to take away:  1. Say there are two genders 2. Make a video game  3. Sell a record amount of copies
It looks like a souls game
I personally get Witcher 3 vibes while out roaming around and during dialog. Obviously, wand battles differ from sword combat, but at the same time feels very familiar. Lots of group battles where you need to parry or dodge from multiple directions. Also, protego straight up feels and looks like Quen. I'm loving this game at every turn 😊
I know nothing about Harry Potter but I knew about the sorting ceremony because of Family Guy
i do wish it had that school simulator vibe  im sure im not the only one who would atleast like to attend some lessons to progress your character or for RP purposes
I wonder how much smoother the game would run without Denuvo
I've been a fan of Harry Potter from the first film I watched in the cinema to the latest one, and Hogwarts Legacy is a welcome edition to this fantastic world! I've not been this excited to play a game for a very long time, and what a game to start my PlayStation 5 Collection! 🙂
I’m not even a HP fan, but I hope they build off this game and make more with advancements that you talked about like some more school stuff and interacting with other students. I hope we get more bc this game is really fun.
combat looks so bad, doggy even. Enemy ai is so rooted and attack one at a time. One of the biggest aspects in a combat game looks miserable.
Long time fan, understandably disappointed. Expected more from this channel.
So I've been kind of enjoying this quite a bit, just wondering does it ever start to open up? I just got the broom and I'm wondering if it becomes more adventuring and exploring? It's kind of just been school with a mission here or there. Either way, so far; it's the best fable game since Fable 2.
I just finished God of War Ragnarok and I'm still recovering from the emotional damage. It feels too soon to dive into this one as I think I'll just end up comparing the two, rather than fully enjoy this game for what it is.  What do y'all think I should do?
To bad buying this supports a transphobe. Guess ill pirate it.
I’m absolutely loving this game it’s absolutely stunning with visuals all the little puzzles and quests and stuff you can do make the game feel like an actual “Harry Potter” game I find myself just exploring Hogwarts for hours at a time and I don’t even have a quarter of the spells I need to view everything it offer’s. It’s definitely a fantastic game that’s worth checking out even at the $70 price tag
One of the best games I’ve played in a while, combat reminds me somewhat of spiderman ps4 and exploring reminds me of guardians of the galaxy and last of us. Definitely a really fun game. About 16 hours in as a hufflepuff and I can’t wait to replay it as a different house
I have not finished Fire Emblem Engage yet and this game already popped up...not to mention there will be several more good games I already noted in the next few weeks.... sigh...I wished I had more time to play...
I guess most of us have already bought/ordered this game and have come to watch this video while we wait for it to get delivered
Great video! Your voice isn’t annoying.
It honestly does look good. But with all the contravercy around it I still would feel uncomfortable playing it. But I'm glad for your review of the game thanks again.
Finally getting what a young me wanted years ago, as an adult with less time on their hands to play it.
The NPCs do react, not to you trying to blast them but they comment on you, some you can press a button and they will say something
I wanted to play it before watching bc I love your vods but wanted to get my own opinion. I love it 8.5/10. I do wish the ultimate attack was learned after you have developed to near max bc its way op early on and does not make sense. The world is great and my 3080 is loving the challenge.
Actually the different houses change quests and have exclusive quests too, like hufflepuff got to go to azkaban
I do not like Harry Potter, but tbh this game is good. I haven't played much of any game in a while but I am consistently playing this all night long.
its not very well optimized for pc
Definitely not a perfect game, but I’m 10 or so hours in and Hogwarts Legacy is easily the most fun I’ve had playing a video game in a long time!
great work ignoring the BS drama by the percentage of a percentage of the world that somehow takes up way too much time from everyone.
Total freedom in the realm of realism ? Kinda funny after what you just said about character customization. The fact you can't make a funny face but you can make a tranny lol 😂 what a joke, developers jumping on the crazy social media band wagon for money and attention  🤣🤌
I can't believe your playing that fun,  well engineered wizard game.
cant stand you can only have 4 spells at once seems they could have done much better with this...
Would someone who’s never really been into Harry Potter still enjoy this game?
I mean this is an rpg. Do you people know what that is? You fight to level up for better gear lol It ain't an rpg unless it has that
Didn't plan to buy this game since I am not a HP fan. But after I read how the snowflakes are triggered about this game, I bought one for myself and gifted my brother one. Never felt so worth it buying a game.
It's unfortunate I have to wait 5 months for it to come out on switch because my laptop is a piece of trash that can't open 1 google tab, and my x-box is an x-box, my main question is, is it worth waiting for or should I skip this game?
I just think it's funny the stink this game has made with transgender people. Obviously not all just the mentally ill radicals of course. Saying people are transphobic for playing this game because they don't like a opinion j.k Rowling has 😂😂
Im kinda new to PC gaming, from Xbone, When series S came out and I fell in love with Path of Exile, I went PC. That said I have a AMD Ryzen 5 3600 6-Core Processor, 3593 Mhz, with 16.0 GB DDR4. But I have to run Hogwarts on the Recommended lowest possible settings. Is this right? Is the gaming world just growing up around me? Or did I come in to PC gaming to low? Is my system even stronger than Consoles? I apprecaite any help with this from more knowledgable PC guys.
i dont even read or watch harry potter and i barely remember shit from the one time i did and i really like this game
you have invisibility basically before going into the open world, you are not neutered to only do 1 tactic even though every enemy has specific spell weaknesses at certain times if you read the enemy info, it feels refreshing to actually feel like a wizard and that you can take on any dungeon because you know your defensive magic is always at the ready  flying is great, combat is fun, puzzles are not insanely tedious but some are actually fun as well as they involve exploration, and I hate puzzles in video games usually  10/10 make more games with these mechanics and set in the wizarding world and it will be a top tier franchise
looks gorgeous and fantastic. wish it had more persona style NPCs  also, fuck every single piece of shit that were screeching about boycotting this game. please feel free to seethe over the great sales numbers
This game surprised me as much as Elden Ring.
Thanks alot for the breakdown. Much appreciated 🙏🙏
Aren't there quests dedicated to specific houses?
Great game just wish was multiplayer so can go on adventures with friends etc
Whilst I completely agree that the music's amazing and treads between material both old and new... Damn, it's impossible not think about what Jeremy Soule would've done with this game's soundtrack if given the chance..!
So after 3 hours it’s becoming one of my favorite games of all time it’s just so immersive and fun and the music is just amazing
“Basil Hayden” lmao
Boring game.
Is this little pew magic really all there is to it? Magic games need more bang than this, This has always been my worry. This looks like a kids game, They could have made this one of the greatest magic games if they did this right. Only Harry Potter fans would want this dull combat, Thats a mistake. Combat is everything in RPG, The devs are dumb they could have made a ton of new fans if they did it right. Everything else seems to be done right what a stupid move this could have been just as popular as Elden ring with the combat done right. Stupidity
i watched all the movies including the new spin offs, never read a full book, i tried.
God of war, sekiro, elden ring , blood borne, shadow of war, RDR, Witcher 3, last of us, dying light 2, I can keep going but those games I listed all have unique, satisfying, and most importantly extremely fun and rewarding combat systems.  I’m sorry to Harry Potter fans I don’t mean to hate on ur game it looks fantastic maybe I’m missing something. To me it looks like it’s not challenging and ur just spamming a button.  I have not played tho. Can someone who has and enjoys it explain to me what the combat is REALLY like if my take on it is wrong. Like is there dodging or a perry system?  Pls someone tell me if there is any challenge to the combat or if it’s just not supposed to be a combat focused game. (I want to like it lol but at $70 I need at least one person to describe the combat and make it sound fun to me)
Is it worth buying the deluxe edition?
Actually really nice to have a fully fleshed out single player game with no microtransactions or live service elements.
Not a fan of transmorg
This game looks so good, I literally had to Google if it was running on UE5 or not. Unbelievable for UE4.
I give it a 10 out of 10.
Who’s watching this after buying the game 😂
I can never watch a before you buy video without having flashbacks of Elden Ring.
The game itself is impressive and seems like a pretty decent open-world RPG, but the prospect of supporting J.K. Rowling and all the problematic elements of the source material makes me not want to get it (which I probably won't).
Something people may miss is that you can change the pitch of your voice mid-game in the sound settings menu.
The game is beyond expectations. We have well established game companies like square enix and ubisoft who produce crap these days and this one is from  a new company!
I couldn't belive the final boss was Ilhan Omar, was not expecting that!
As a person who was hoping for a dark souls In hogwarts I feel I’d be disappointed in the game
spellbreak could have been this
Older fan here, only watched the first 7 movies, but read the books every now and again, and I have to say this will definitely get me back into the series and the lore, I'm a sucker for an open world game and lots of lore, especially if I already know some of the lore.
Does the game have funny ragdoll animations for when you crash while flying your broom? If so, I'll be flying into everything so I can laugh for a couple hours
I thought it was gonna be like persona/fe3h but Hogwarts
Grew up while the movies first movies came out, have always wanted something similar to this and it slaps. Confirmed. Truly wish the wand choice made a difference like you said tho!
The game is mid I expected wayyy more tbh but is Igor, it’s good not great.
Been playing on series X for 16 hours now and can say that I haven't ran into any major bugs. Very minor things that are easy to look over in a game that is this good :)
This is why I love and trust gameranx, they don't let silly culture outrage sway their opinions, you can tell their reviews always comes from a place of love for games and nothing else. Never change.
Its worth noting Flipendo never appeared in the books or movies.  It is canon though, it was created for the gameboy game Philosphers Stone
hello you hater, i already bought it and i am very happy. just go find somewhere you can be deeped in else tha here you snake
I'm glad to hear that this game actually turned out quite good. I'm so sick of pre-ordering games and they turn out to be absolute dog shit (Callisto Protocol was the last straw for me, that game was TRASH), so I stopped pre-ordering games and began waiting for reviews first. I did it with the new Dead Space Remake and was happy with it. Now I will be picking this up as well and I'm sure I will be happy with it also.
Is it on steam deck
Gamers: It has bugs Devs: It's not bugs. It's magic...
i am so excite <3
I almost want to go as far as saying this might get game of the year but I know others will say absolutely not
is there an option to turn off spiders
imagine this game with dark souls character customization
they really took down gmod hogwarts rp for this
I watched a friend play this game for 10 minutes, and didn't hesitate to buy it when I got home. The game lags a bit on PC, but I don't doubt that will be fixed soon.
What do you need to know about Hogwarts Legacy? Well one of the main developers was quite literally a neonazi youtuber and the entire plot makes it extremely obvious goblins are Jewish people and they even depict Jewish tools like the shofar.
The slytherin Character looks like the young Tom Riddle. I likey
I'm in my 20s so I grew up with Harry potter. I had a traumatic childhood and harry potter was huge for me and a gigantic part of my young life. This game is fantastic. Maybe for people who don't care about Harry potter it's ok for them. But if you're a Harry potter fan you will love the crap out of this game!
sadly cant afford it and sadly it's not multiplayer
I've been a Harry Potter fan since the first film released in the cinema and every film following. This game is a welcome edition to the franchise and I've had such fun playing the opening few hours. Being in the Slytherin house is also an itch well scratched. Side note this is the first game I've played on my PlayStation 5 and what an introduction! 🙂
I have been a HP fan since I was a kid and only the first 3 books were even published. This game is what I have been wanting since. It hits all that I wanted (I don’t really care about quidditch). I was concerned about combat but find it enjoyable. There’s are numerous secrets and surprises all over.  I have been playing for about 5 days straight and don’t regret using vacation for it.
Would someone who doesn’t know anything about Harry Potter enjoy this game?
I've been a Harry Potter fan since the first film realised in the cinema and every film following. This game is a welcome edition to the world and I've had such fun playing through opening hours. Thankfully I got Slytherin. Side note, this is the first game I've played on my brand new PlayStation 5 and I'm so impressed, great introduction. 🙂
I guess u wanted something more like an all out war, maybe battle royale, that would spice things up but within the context of a school it sounds alright, matching the energy
A contender for GOTY, easy. It'll easily become the game with the highest sales ever made, so well done guys.
It is WILD to me that they made a Harry Potter RPG where your house doesn't matter. Like you should fully be able to go with or against the traditions of your house, but either of those options is story and role playing and good world building. To do nothing with that is... shocking.
Bro I've never played something like this. I'm sure others have comparisons. But I personally haven't experienced an open world game specifically like this. It genuinely feels refreshing. I would like to be able interact with NPCs more but, I'm content nonetheless. I'm excited because this is just the beginning; updates and expansions are destined to come! Great start for the game.
The room of requirement is a safe place to keep animals from poaching.  Next video: “You know if you wanna make some cash, poaching is the way to go.” 😂
I already purvhased a physical PS5 copy. I thought about a Steam purchase, but then I found out the Steam version comes with Denuvo. Denuvo only hurts sales from my standpoint, s8nce I refuse to purchase any game that comes with the stuff.
Cant wait for the ps4 version
I almost want to buy something else now having watched this
I DONT CARE IF JK ROWLING IS BEHIND IT I DONT CARE I AM GENDERFLUID AND I REALLY LOVED THE LOOK OF IT
I seriously feel bad for any serious potter fan to dismiss this game because of Rowlings views . This game may take place in a universe she created but these game devs have nothing to do with her and they made a masterpiece of a game. I personally think you shouldn’t let’s someone’s views effect that. At the end of the day it’s her opinion and had zero effect on your life and I get we are in a time were we as a society are extra sensitive to others opinions and views but I highly recommend you separate her from this game because it feels like a great RPG that just happens to be in the potter universe.
One drawback that I've experienced (and the game is amazing overall) is that your choices don't really impact the story in any way.  Being Evil or Good has no impact to how NPCs or the story unfolds.  I think that would have been a nice morality choice impact to the game.
Can you operate in the game ??
Ur voice is cool bro dw we got you
Now if they could only make a star wars game like this and at least this good. Probably too much of an ask.
If the success of this game pisses off the crazys then I'm buying it no matter what.
It’s 10/10 game
It looks interesting, but I'm not going to give JK a penny. I'm not going to get this one by legal means, sorry.
So far its like my dream to have an oen world harry potter themed game and finally it came true. Just love this game
It seems they've done their homework on recent successful games! I was skeptical at first but after watching this video I'm pleasantly surprised at the quality it seems to have at release!
We dont need before you buy,let people enjoy their own game they buy,honestly these game reviews are ruining people perspective before even playing the game...everyone has different game preference. Game reviews are also sometimes bias or paid by others to make the game look bad. Overall this game is really good as well
This game trash
People hating on it are haters it’s a well made game it’s ok if you don’t like Harry Potter but this game is great
This game is definitely better then Eldin Ring.
am I the only one who want to play this g mae so bad, but can't afford it unfortunately
Warner brothers don't make Super man game so i will buy 🧿🧿😂😂
Im not buying it, theres no way im going to support new games for $70
I want one of these for A Song of Ice and Fire: A Game of Thrones
I wish I was a kid during summer break right now so I could play this game for more than two hours a day lol
the glitches shouldn't be a problem if you've played pokémon scarlet and violet.
Game looks sort of great 😍😍😍
You guys always come in clutch
Don’t buy this if you’re afraid of being harassed
A beat for spoken, I'm buying dead space next. And there's a few more games with all by before this one for sure
I wonder if the devs are willing to change the gameplay
i just want to die ,, i fuckin bought the game an my PC can’t support it 😢
I got the game ad for this video
Game of the year for sure like Elden ring last year
The game looks so relaxing...love it...I love RPG games but never got the urge to stick to the more "realistically" graphic ones. Im actually looking forward to this.
After I buy you mean
I'm betting all the JK Rowling haters are boiling with rage that this thing is going to sell gangbusters.
you don't don't about the real stuff,just what youlike
I love the game and I have found a major bug.  Broke a quest for my first Play through by unlocking a cage  involved with said quest
The only reason why I won’t be playing this because it lacks originality. The gameplay reminds me of New world as a whole. UI is similar, the world(landscape) same. Map view is so outdated, it goes back all the way from fable 3. This game is only getting attention because its Harry Potter. Other than that, it is just another copy and paste.
I really wish they would have adapted some sort of Co-op system like elden ring had. Literally just any way to play with my friend.
One word: empress if ykyk
Did that guy seriously just explode violently at 4:58?! 🤣🤣
Before we buy? Shutup
Not bully like no like no buy
Befor you buy look out for easily offended girls with dicks thy wil go crazy
Being I've never been a fan never read the books but saw the movies I'll wait to try it on xbp I stead of paying 80 damn bucks.
PEEEENIS
Would this be a game for someone that doesn't really like the harry potter films? So, whether it's enjoyable just for the gameplay etc, not the story
I have just 2 words: AVADA KEDAVRA!
Very glad this game is a fire hazard to some minority.
Imagine a lord of the rings game like this one
i like the story and everything. But im getting so mad when i see the grafics (playing on pc on highest grafic settings and im truly dissapointed
Hats of to you Jake, Ravenclaw is the best Hogwarts house
This is an awesome game and it’s incredibly detailed, I’ve only seen 1 small glitch on your mentors head. It flickered for a few seconds and that’s it, I’m playing on my Series S Xbox. I hope at some point he devs do an update with the characters in the game and let you interact with them more. The combat is fun and yes like most of these style games combat does get repetitive, it’s still pretty good and fun. I’d rate this game an 8.5-9, you won’t be disappointed with it.
The game is just plain fun. So much content that feels memorable and engaging in and of itself. I haven’t felt this immersed in a game world since BOTW and Hollow Knight.
buying just to support jk rowling, dont even like harry potter
Kinda hoping a sequel is made that builds upon the VERY solid foundation of this game
the game is a dogshit unfinished mess
I do love Harry Potter and I did grow up with it. I will get this game.
I want a open world X-men gamelike this
this game is about as good as your average ubisoft game
I was watching from my Xbox YT app and went on my phone just to tell ya that you dont have an annoying voice.
Interesting you mentioned Lotr Shadow. Thats their HUD and combo style. I never liked Harry Potter or anything related so I will skip this.
You can still change the character's voice pitch in the sound settings after char creation btw!
Combat honestly looks like the worst thing this game has to offer... just small differences between magic. Nothing decisive or powerful feeling about anything you do. The animations are quite obnoxious. Doesn't feel like a harry potter universe, other than the environments.
I think it would've been real nice if the game had a school-like system like in persona or fe3h
As a non Harry Potter fan is this game worth it cuz I’m not sure if I should buy it or not
I'm not a Potter fan really. But I do love a open word magic RPG type game. Is the wizard and enemies far and few or 50/50.   I might pick this up if the combat is just good as the lore that Potter fans like. I could grow to like the lore. Who knows.
u know what’s funny , he says latest gameplay of latest games but u never seen Madden or 2k on here or any sports game for that matter 🤣🤣🤣
no， the title is wrong, there is no before you buy, you buy, just fucking buy it , sell your kidney to buy. Just buy
Is there going to be dlc added to this game?? Quidditch etc.
"NPCs are completely decorative" im out
"You're Homophobic if you play Hogwarts Legacy" 🤓☝
Ngl I mostly want to play just to explore the world and see the castle, been hearing great things about the rest and man I wish I could afford a ps5..
1:23 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Before you buy, turn off your cam, it a bunch of neckbeards will call you a bigot.
I've always wanted an openworld game like this for 3 franchises Star wars (Kotor remake/ the other open world game upcoming), harry potter (got this) , and a huge open world asoiaf gamd
its great, but if you are on pc with anything less than a 2070 or 3070 you will have graphical issues and lag spikes often.
I wanted to buy B.C. J.K. Rowling is right and throw a middle finger to the crazies, but now don't bc the game creators folded and added a character with gender dysphoria and your character can't look like the color he should be. It's like adding Africans into Rivendell in middle of earth
Watching this after i bought it like i do with most before you buys 😂
Great review as always. Now i just cant wait to get my hands on Flipendo, even if there are no snails or turtles around this time :D
Jake summed it up perfectly. I've read the books 3 or 4 times and seen the movies plenty. I had the same likes and dislikes about the game. Combat can kind of be wonky but you unlock different custom "loadouts" later on. Im really liking it.
Question: my gf wants to watch me play a good story mode (she loved Last of Us 2, obviously, so hard to compete with) and I’m wondering if this would be a good buy? It seems like the repetitiveness of the open world might not be the best game to “watch”. Then again I haven’t played, can anyone help a brotha out
The author needs to to have a DLC ad the main character should be Dave Chapelle!
Dave Chapelle needs to playing this game!
A multiplayer game mode would be awesome
I think it's cool that they are even releasing it on last gen hell I don't mind that I have to wait longer.
Why do the covers say internet required if it doesn't have internet content like multiplayer?
How about all the non binary 'Theys' people having a whinge that they couldn't choose a gender so they boycotted this game. Man... we need a challenge like an all out war to really put things in perspective.
Says you can't make a bug eyed alien, *proceeds to showing an NPC that looks EXACTLY like a bug eyed alien*
I'm mad it's not like the same theme as in the movies but it does feel like the fantastic beasts
Why do I have the sudden urge to bring a flamethrower to a pride parade, while picking up Chick-Fil-A...
Why can’t I play it on Xbox one is this happening to anyone else
Why does it give me assassin's Creed vibes
I fell asleep playing its kinda boring tbh, ill pick it back up tomorrow morning with a cup of coffee and see if it can peak my interest, so far its pretty mehh, ill update this comment a little later but for now ehhhh think twice before buying
Thank you for the honest and straight forward review without the nonsense.
A real gamer doing game reviews with no political bs 👏  I love Gameranx
If I know nothing about harry potter should I get this?
I bought two copies and gave one away. Voting with your wallet works both ways
seems boring af, and also a waste of time
i doubt anyone thinks your voice it’s annoying it’s great and i’m sure a lot of people agree
The only thing that disappoints me about this is that the nemesis system wasn't used and it's a WB game
this game seems amazing
This game could benefit from a triwizard tournament dlc. Easy way to incorporate new spells from other schools too
I’ve never been a Harry Potter fan. But this game is great. I love the amount of exploration and puzzle solving. The combat is actually really good. It’s not very difficult and can be a little repetitive but the combat feats help mix things up a bit. Overall, a really great game that I think actually lived up to the hype. 8 or 9 out of 10 easily
we like ur voice jake. but also yeah im glad im not the only one whose character sounded autotuned
Meh, sounds and looks like a 30 bucks game. Gonna wait till is on sale.
14:18 I hope the ps4 version looks as good as this did but I’ve liked Harry Potter since I was little and can’t wait to play this
I love how almost every single review I’ve watched the player is in Slytherin.  Snakebois, it’s our time.
People hate JK Rollin because she said the truth
15 spells…? Am I the only one who thought there would be 100 or even 1000 spells?
Really like the game, the first open world game in years where I don't get bored in a few hours. The world is amazing, graphics are great and runs decent on PC. If you liked the movies or the books this is a now brainer! Did not expect Avalanche to pull it off.
Only thing holding me back from buying is the lack of first person view. Hopefully in an update they'll take care of that, or at the very least allow for mods to step in and address this shortcoming. Not sure why they would go full 3rd person, it completely breaks immersion which is a key part of a game like this.
I gotta admit this Game has huge performance problems on PC but playable. What really made me play this Game is my girlfriend, she is a total Harry Potter nerd and while playing with her she explained so many things to me with fun facts and details what makes the experience whole.  So for me as a Gamer this Game is fun (except the performance issues which are a bummer) for my girlfriend it is a dream come true  2 x 10/10
My girlfriend and I are so excited to try this.  Though she wants the Dark Arts pack. 🤣😑
I'd buy the game in a sec, if only my potato pc could run it
Hogwarts gmod is way better
So you guys are buyin it?
hogwarts legacy- before you illegally download
as a not harry potter fan im not going to pay more than 20 bucks for that
I’m not particularly a HP fan. I do get a fuzzy nostalgia feeling when I watch the first few movies. But I love open world action adventure games. Not sure my computer can handle this though, so have to check
This the first game that made me buy a ps5 so..
this is sooo fucking cool hahaha
Before you buy: you will be seen as a menace to society
I didn't think I would like it but it's very cool
it would kinda be fun having mutiplayer in the game even if its just for PVE and not for PVP it would still be cool, kinda looking what the price of the game is gonna do (sales and stuff)
Lol Basil Hayden. That’s my first American ancestor.
Seems like a solid foundation for bigger & better HP games.
When does this game come out
I bought it then came here to watch the video lol, who else?
Im New to this franchise,never been fan of harry ptter but the graphics are amazing
Super cool game! The beginning/tutorial felt super slow after playing Elden Ring for a few months. 😅 But excited to really get immersed into the world!
Pc is little glichs and sometimes little lag
I like the colored loot system, probably because I'm a WoW player. I absolutely LOVE the transmog, though!
Damn! 2.5 million views in 4 days. This game is legendary
No game is perfect.. but this is pretty damn close you will NOT regret spending money on this game 💯
Nothing about it really interests me at all so I'll be skipping this one
You have different missions for different houses!!
They literally made the game based on the world and not the character. It's completely opposite of what most new gen games do where they make the world barren but the character the main focus. I was never into Harry Potter but man this game is amazing
In my opinion, something a vast majority of games fail is to first make a fun game. Then you make everything else. If the combat is bad, the game will suffer no matter what else is going on. Most games revolve around combat in one form or another, unless they are specifically puzzle/card/dating sims or whatever. That said, this combat looks great.
You don’t have an annoying voice. This is why I’ve been watching for years lol
Should I play this on the hardest difficulty level?
thanks for the review but ill pass on this game
Ugh I’m still on last Gen and still have to wait two months 😢
Before you buy, u have to know, that buyin n playing this game, you will triggered the lgbt community, makin them butthurt (pun intended), and mark u as transphobic.  Well, that 1 reason alone, give me a strong reason to buy the game
So far 10/10
"A bit of an annoying voice....." 😂
Shame it doesn’t have those powerful fire spells, the most powerful spells are the unforgivable ones. Maybe one day they will update the bigger spells. I wonder if I can dress as Depps Grindelwald.
Its not a HP game without flipendo!!!
Am I the only one who thought this game was gonna be multiplayer?
Mh, as he mentions it, a new Middle Earth Shadow game would be so great. I´m happy for the Potter fans that it worked out so well!
"...but hey it's a video game so it didn't bother me too much." A lot of gamers need to remember this fact.
GOOD GOD, i cant stop getting myself distracted by that weird translucent shader on his head hair.
Love this game
Ever since Cyberpunk I have been skeptical of games. I’m gonna wait a few more days before I buy it. It looks good so far
looks like gta on brooms
i just wanna know if i can look like draco malfoy. lmao
There is actually a difference depending on which house you pick. Each house has their own exclusive side quests you can do and some cutscenes slightly change.
The NPC students not interacting sounds like a little letdown. I mean if they can do it in Red Dead Redemption 2 several years earlier you'd think this game could?
I like the name. Great bourbon
My man your voice isn't annoying, I like it for whatever that's worth <3
not a single mention of JK Rowling I've trusted this channel for Before You Buys and this review deepened that trust Thanks for an unbiased review
I wonder what you were drinking when you started this game up
Me: Buys game. Also me: Watches Before You Buy afterward.
no quiddich :(
Graphics are like from 20 years ago
A few years back I'd probably be all over this as I was deep into Skyrim and following HP with my kids but now?  I doubt I'll want to pay this much for an experience I'm pretty sure I won't immerse myself in.  Great review and it answered all my questions.  Thanks.
And here I was thinking the "before you buy" was going to ask people to consider how much they REALLY need to support the transphobe creature their hard earned cash are going to with every purchase...
you know what they should do next. do a detective game with Harry and Ron as Wizard Cops  Harry Potter and the Cartel of Secrets  Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stash  Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Wandsworth
So, it's the blessed game design child of Yakuza and Bully?????
Playing Hogwarts Legacy while eating Chic-fi-a, truly menacing behavior
actually really enjoy your voice hahah :D
Not worth 70 bucks. I'll wait 3 years till it's 20 bucks.
i love how i have played the game for 5 hours.  and only completed 8% of the challanges and discovery's.   normally by this time in single player campaigns you have already defeated the end boss and are done with the game or getting ready for online.
I agree with the not able to interact with almost anything technically it makes the room of requirement completely useless other than for making portions and biology you can't sit down can't play a mini game of Wizard chess which would have been a nice touch you can't just read a we book or something as you say in the room of requirement it take away so much of the point of it still love the game tho and one other thing we need a photo mode for sure this game deserves one
How does this run on my ps4😁
Your voice is just right.
Unless you’re a huge fan wait for this to go on sale. I’m coming from Elden Ring & this game feels like a PS3 game. Invisible walls, repetitive, & worst of all no builds for combat. Only one style of combat & cookie cutter spells. More magic in any souls game
I’m only about 6 hours in and I am finding this game excellent. I think all the “gear” is far too common with too little impact besides adding some skins to your collection. Lots of busy work though. Combat is fine, but also too rare.
it's brilliant so far, you can pet cats
Ah, Dragon :Age of Sorcery
This game is amazing!
Just the fact you can use flipendo in this game is a main reason to buy the game 😂
I never got into the HP books, but a few of my Destiny classmates bought the game, shared stuff in chat, ect. I broke down n bought it today. I'm very impressed overall with the experience. I have a few minor complaints, but it's been a solid experience overall so far.   Objectively 8/10, definitely recommend. If you're a fan of the universe, you'll probably have an even better time.
Looks like it's pretty empty.. 😞
Combat seems repetitive, but the environment and the atmosphere look great, might get once I upgrade my pc
I’m happy to give JK Rowling my money
Dude has created the most useful channel on youtube and im just discovering it now this channels awesome.... How have i not come across this haha well... Guess i gotta binge couple videos
Love that this game is breaking stats, boycott failed miserably. w00t!
was gonna get it on ps4 until i realized how long the wait was. just got it on steam
interesting, clearly this is a great first game that  i hope will have a sequel at some point adding interactions with npcs and stuff now that the "base" of the game already exist they can add on to it and make it even better
I actually want to play this, but i wont be able to run it ):
While the game does look gorgeous and fun, playing Elden Ring has actually raised the bar for open world games for me. The only fear l have for this game is that all the objective markers, minimap icons, collectables, etc will just cause players to miss out on organically exploring the world and taking all of its splendour in and just make this game another "checklist" game where you just mechanically gather stuff and do objectives for completion's sake. Add to that the fat that NPC's not essential to any quest are not interactable in any way just makes this seems like a glorified visual ride.  l know this is making me sound too harsh on the game, but with all the sandboxes released over the years from WB, EA, Ubisoft, and lots of other companies, l've learned to approach this type of game with lots of caution
Remember - only pirate this game!
The house you choose in the game actually have an impact on the gameplay, as it takes you down different routes for the main quest. having another point of view  helps to replay the game  and see what you missed. Hufflepuff is the only Hogwarts house that can visit Azkaban on a mission for example
You can change your voice tone in the pause menu in the audio settings!
Gotta say so far been loving the game the graphical bugs aren’t a bother because it lets you see they made sure the story and mechanics were all working before the made the game pretty
i knew this day would come 🤤🤤🤤
I only expected The best of the best from the developers of the cars 3 game
I have never watched nor read any of the Harry Potter series however, I absolutely am enjoying this game. It screams the same energy that Elden Ring and I would recommend it!
See and enjoy? Come on. Player should be able to mess up with NPC in any way they like, just like GTA or KCD.
A bit bumped out that that the combat magic spells aren't more interconnected and wacky, like Noita or Wizard of Legend.   The movies and books sure has some very interesting spells after all. Still gonna play it regardless though, once Empress cracks the denuvo drm
Did they not learn from Elden Ring? What's this ubisoft style handholding map points of interest ?
How is the combat? The most important thing?
I'm gonna wait for Empress to remove the denuvo drm, which shouldn't take long as she said.  I'm really excited to play this!
ngl I was kinda hoping the school system have at least a Bully style of greet/insult system. Imagine you being trashy to a house and just happen 1 core npc from that house is edgy with you. kinda like a relationship thingy in DA or ME
Flipendo! Brings back memories of when I use to play HP Chamber of secrets on Nintendo GameCube
I absolutely love this game and II am going to play it at least 2 more times to be in every house.
Flippendo!!!! Awesome...  But what about the bonus bean rooms?!
Developers: "You can make your character look like whoever you w..." Falcon: "I want to be Harry Styles" Developers: "Ah. . . . okay. . . I guess you can make him loo. . ." Falcon: "You don't understant me. . . I want to BE. . .  Harry Styles"
Once they have the pc version I am expecting mods to appear like on Skyrim and fallouts. That is what I am waiting for 😂
Yes. The antiemetic story definitely brings feel god energy. This is unfortunately a rare Gameranx L. Do better y’all.
Arkham Knight was developed by Rocksteady Games not Warner Bros
Game of the year?
I'm loving the game so far, but I'm having an insane amount of seemingly random framedrops. Even if I drop all the settings to medium they still pop up for no reason, my CPU and GPU are hardly being worked according to HwINFO so I think it's just some driver issues or something. But aside from the occasional choppy framerate, the game is really fun and exciting to explore. And this is coming from someone who was not a Harry Potter fan at all - never watched the films or read the books. I can definitely see the appeal after playing.
The fact that the NPCs don't react at all, not even bulge from their places if you bump into them is also quite a bummer... Makes it seem like they can't see you at all and you're just in a different dimension at times...
jk rowling sucks tho
I would’ve love this so much and I was a kid I love chamber of secrets on PC when I was like an elementary and like I would play it all the time and explore the world and felt like I was there. Kids have it so lucky nowadays.
My 3 word review SIMPLY PERFECT GAME
I don't know anything Harry Potter related. Do I need to?
garbage
Man that goat didn't deserve that
Honestly this developer should be in charge of more big franchise games by how true to the source material it was. You can tell this game was made for the fans
Bro…. I wanted you to convince me NOT to buy it 😭 you’re not helping me out here.
I wanted to see the review give it a very mediocre rating so I didn't feel so inclined to buy the game. But that was an amazing review and I really want the game now
Anyone know what the additional content is going to be?
There is no before you buy. Buy it. It’s a masterpiece
What is Hogwarts?
I'm a huge fan of the wizarding world (and honestly about 5 glasss of whiskey deep) and only about 40 mins into the game (basically still in the tutorial stage) but damn I'm so freaking excited for the rest of this game. After hearsing some of the basic spells and items obviously related to Harry Potter it has me astatic for the rest of the game and I Keep forgetting this is an open world game not just a linear story. Also as I'm typing this I just got to the title screen and the amazing music everyone adores from the movies. I'm so excited!!!
lol I can put this into perspective for a scant few.  If you, like me, got lost walking home from the library cause you JUST got ahold of the latest Harry Potter book and were reading it while walking home?  This game is for you.  Just be mindful of all the anti-trans bullshit from the creator of the wizarding world.  I say she no longer has any say in what is and isn't canon.  And others hate the entirety of it cause she gets royalties no matter what.
Zero haters in the comment section Or at least, in the 5 mins I was scrolling. Just the way it should be! I mean the video is about the game, and not the boycott war going on.
the game is not glitchy at all, dont listen to him. 30 hours in and havent found a single bug
You can free roam the map with a broomstick? I'm sold.
Does he know…
Saw a video about people hating on anyone who plays this game lol people made a website to see if any streamer is playing it so they can cancel them. I still don’t understand why lol it’s just a game 💀
I can't wait to stream this
Can anyone confirm how's the PC version? Is it too glitchy/buggy? I haven't played on PC for a very long time but I don't have a PS5 yet and I can't wait for the PS4 version to release.
Its great..  feels greedy to say, but I'm looking forward more to the next one, if there is one... they've established a lot of awesome mechanics but the game feels kinda small and you get the fun stuff pretty early..  kinda feels like no point finishing it
maybe one of the first times i’m actually watching a before you buy before i buy *edit, i bought before finishing the video so idk if this still counts
Jesse Eisenbreg?
Before u preorder
SO relieved you didnt pull a Wired.
I've only watched the Harry Potter movies because of my kids and never read the books, so I'm not someone that would be considered a fan by any means, although I enjoyed the films well enough.  With that said, I will play this game at some point.  Beautiful open world, quests aplenty, fun looking combat.  I'm a sucker for an RPG game and there's enough of that here to make this game interesting to me.
Perfect, I'm 20 hours into the game and I agree with every word in this video
It's so fun and I'm not at all a Harry Potter fan in any way.
Say no to terfs
Love the game! I wish there were some old characters from the books/movies, such as Hagrid or maybe even the children of Harry and Ginny and Ron and Hermoine.
It's a mediocre game with too linear approach. Harry Potter fan here for more than 14 years here so yeah, there you have it, sparing you some time.😆
This is the only Harry Potter game I've considered buying ever since I was a wee lad playing Lego Harry Potter. And I gotta say, it kinda sucks that I feel like I can't, in good Morals, play it with all the JK Rowling stuff going on.
Why is there no quidditch!?
Do they have sliders settings to make harry potter?
MIIDDDDDDDDD
I’ve been playing it, I dislike how British my characters voice is. I wish there was options to change the accent
Before you buy- you will be burnt at the stake by radical trans-activists
I play on hard because I thought the combat would lead to some tough battles and honestly it can be pretty hard at times dying repeatedly and it definetly doesn’t leave room for much error which is awesome honestly
Your house actually gives you an entirely different subset of side missions obviously some are shared but for example, huffelpuff has the only side mission where you go to Azkaban so there is definetly some variety based on your house and that adds some replay ability too which is cool
I am going to severely torture myself and try to play through this with my crazy arachnophobia. Wish they implemented a mode like what was implemented in Grounded and Evil Dead. But I'm a masochist so lets get this party started.
Sounds like the Series X is experiencing the same graphic glitches
Really cool to get a video game review by Jessie Eisenburg
So like assassin's creed RPG but in Harry potter world ?
I can still hear that high pitched young Daniel Radcliffe voice shouting "FLIPENDO!" in the original Sorcerer's Stone game on PC back in the "day."
I'd trade this for the next Elderscrolls game in a heart beat
The transformation from Innocent to THOT
bro thinks he has an annoying voice, lol. i think he comes off as a very intelligent, straight to the point kinda person just off of his voice
This game just reminded that I’m still waiting on my acceptance letter, what the hell Dumbledore
14 hours in and i already know i want to 100% this game and start a new character and do it all again
You don’t have an annoying voice 😁 I really like your voice!
Game good, performance bad
Buy this or atomic heart? Bioshock is my favorite game
the thumbnails always make me chuckle before clicking on the video
Just waiting till mw2 2nd season pass releases and all you guys won't return to this lol
All the fucking weirdos in the comments upset that this wasn't a colony Sim/Persona Clone....yikes
The game delivers the hype. Is so much fun.
If you named your character harry you are unoriginal and need a social life
Lavate Las Manos !
before I even bought the game I watched the entirety of its story, and honestly I normally would not buy the game afterwards, because I see everything the game has to offer, but in this instance, this game has allowed me to be a magic wielding maniac and I love it.  it's such a good game, and those who boycott it are imbeciles.
Is the 3 headed dog on here??
I’ve less than a handful of glitches or bugs. The worst was when I got shoved under the map when I opened a really out of the way chest. But I was able to fly out with my broom. Loving this game so far. On pc btw.
i love your voice. its not annoying ❤
The house choice does change at least 1 quest me and my partner had completely different quests looking for the same objective.
I am hooked with this game. Called in sick to play it today. Lol
I am tranny therefore it bad
9:58 well this just confirmed my choice
First game since elden ring ive been excited to play when I came home from school
Will be playing this, while eating chick fll a
big syltherin
I feel like if this game had a multiplayer mode it could be on gta 5 level of online world
Bro says spoiler free and traverses through the whole map😂😂😂
I had a really funny glitch where my Eudrus potion stayed in my had through cutscenes and catch light via ray tracing. I was blinded and loved it haha
My only complaint is I really, really wanted quidditch in the game :(
you can edit player voice pitch in settings if you messed up and gave ur character a synthetic voice
No bugs, just wasn't what I was expecting. More of a childish adventure/puzzle. I guess they had to try to appeal to a younger demographic for sales and the trans backlash already. Gameplay seems to be lacking something and spell casting mechanics are wonky. Opinions are opinions, I hope you love the game. Still going to play it all of the way through.
i liked harry potter as a kid but nowadays find myself making fun of the people with the triangle circle stick tattoos (all in good fun). but: this game looks fucking awesome and i’m going to buy it
I just bought a copy of this game and gifted it to my nephew.hope he like it
2:26 lol your voice isn’t annoying and I love this video
Really hoping they do add quidditch as DLC. They show too much about it in the world for it to be completely omitted.
This game never gets boring you can beat the main story and there’s still so much to do and you can play through as a different house and have completely different experiences this game is a 10 out of 10 in my book the only downfall is there’s no quidditch gob stones or wizards chess but that doesn’t mean it can’t be added for a dlc in the future and with how big this game is I would bet my money they’re going to add more to it
I haven't bought or played the game but watched a lot of streams of people playing it. The graphics, the music, and the mechanics are on point, but for me, the weakest part is the story. No real morality system (you can't go truly evil), no romances( like Mass Effect for example), everything feels too generic and not personalised, and no quidditch (wtf, this is Hogwarts). Compared to games like Skyrim, Witcher, Dragon Age, and Mass Effect 1-3, this is too empty for a 2023 game. Sorry but not worth buying, but inspired me to rewatch the movies.
Cand you choose what house to join like ravenclaw. ….
Seems like god of war had an influence on game actions and I’m not complaining, I enjoy god of war and feels good when combos go off
what makes it truly endearing is that it does no wrong. It might not get everything absolutely perfectly right but aside from the quidditch issue( which im 100000% sure is coming as a DLC), the game plays beautifully and my only complains are about things that I wish we got more of. Potion brewing minigames, a bit more involvement in classes, just a bit more impact out of some decisions. But aside from noticing it here and there, none of those things ever made me want to put the controller down. That's this game biggest thing, you just want to keep going
Twitch streamers getting “cancelled” for playing this game🤣 Unbelievably
Very hard to enjoy the game if you’re not a Harry Potter fan because if you don’t know anything it’ll be just cringe and annoying. With that being said - good fkin luck not being a Harry Potter fan 😂
I’m loving it so far. My only complaint is that it’s doing a wonderful job of showing my PC’s age 😂
before u buy remember that you are supporting a Transphobic person
I never grew up with any Harry Potter stuff even though my friends and family have been all about the franchise. However, this looks like a really good game so maybe this game can get me into the franchise.
Love this game, grew up with the book's. Highly Recommend!
Just looks too PG for my taste
*50 million people forgot to watch this video before buying Hogwarts*
So you’re telling me this game is about to be awesome, glitches are childs play when i played the entirety of cyberpunk crashing
The only thing I'm going to do before I buy is wait for the switch version!
I like how right as he talks about how the students don’t react to spells, they turn and look at him 10:08
If you saw a bugs/glitches in game, it's magic. After all where in Hogwarts.
idk when you played but the npcs react to you walking into them and when you do magic! I accidentally used flipendo in the halls and they looked at  where I pointed and then at me... judgingly lol
they brought back flipendo, 10/10.
Fliiiiiiiiiiiipendooo!!!
It may be a good game however, it is another open world with the same collectibles, crafts, and loots. The industry seriously needs innovation. I don’t think I’ll pick this one up.
Sounds a bit vain and uninspired tbh.
How is the grinding for this game? How long is it to complete to 100%?
Bug eyed aliens playing the game : 😢
now not only i need a ps5 i need this game too, its getting pretty dificult to play new games nowadays
Ensure you have a 4090 plus a backup 4090 and powersupply
Still 2 hours in and the game keeps surprising me. For Potterheads who grew up with Harry Potter, this is a MUST play game.
yeah would be cool if ps4 wasn't delayed, so people gotta wait again. I honestly don't get why the lower gens wasn't completed first PS5 would care more about their graphics being good rather they got the delay tbh I mean PC was already getting timely release.
Looks great! I'm just not interested in Harry Potter so this is a pass for me. I'll maybe try it 2 years from now when you can pick it up for $20
I created the exact same character as the thumbnail one lol
I love this comment section.. It's so normal
I completely agree with this take/review. I thoroughly have been enjoying it! Also I did encounter a glitch a couple times where I got stuck between the planes of the environment. I could get back to normal because the way the saves lined up. So it would save me stuck between the world falling. Thought I was gonna have completed start over. I was able to hack it and time it right to get out of it finally and get it back.
Only 16 spells in the whole game??
how much time a week do you spend gaming? literally want to know.
the combat seems just so insanely boring..
its a great game, one thing that bugs me though is that its 16 year old kid straight up murdering hundreds of goblins, beasts and people and its not addressed in any way aside of MC sometimes uttering "your blood is on Rimrocks hands" and similar CONFIRMING that guy i just froze then cut in half is VERY much dead ... and thats without the unforgivable curses ... you know the KILLING curse...
They should’ve just shown the flying in the broom.. instantly buying this game.
Truth bomb: If you buy this game, yes, you are contributing to transphobia, period, no discussion. If you Pirate it and Play it...Well...that's just quite fine.
why on so many situations, I saw this pretty much like Assassin’s Creed: Hogwarts vibe.. not that it’s bad, it’s actually lovely! hahaha
Just picked up my preorder!  Better go and watch before you buy!
It amazes me how many people worship Harry pooper. The writer is a Christian and the story is obviously heavily influenced by the Bible but Harry Pooper is worshiped like a religion in it self. Bunch of dorks
Imagine a Starwars game like this, as a Jedi!
It's upsetting that you can't fight dementors with the patronus charm (doesn't exist in the game) and there is no Quidditch Using the forbidden spells has no consequences.  You can't choose between good and evil. Oh you have killed people with the killing curse? Meh you're still good.
Amaaaazing game.
Smh i perfer gmod hogwartsrp
Honestly, this video sold me on the idea of buying this game. I don’t know much about Harry Potter, saw first two movies and never read the books. But the gameplay here looked like a legit RPG. I’m all for that!
Why it's 'arry pottaaa as I live and breath (in cockney accent)
It looks good, but with no ps1 hagrid, I'm not sure if this is what I'm looking for in a gaming experience.
I do t really enjoy Harry Potter like that. But the game looks so sick that not gonna lie kinda makes me wanna get into the series
Looks like a generic MMO though. And no online?
Your standards a super wack
"Repetetive" yeah ill pass...
I like your personal touch with these reviews.
personally, I won't be playing this game as it's 80 dollars (that I don't have) if I picked it up I'd probably throw it away after customizing the character. plus, the software I use to game can't handle a pixel art game without constant hiccups now and again.  the game looks alright to me, a bit gritty/dirty from seeing others play the game which isn't my taste. I'm more of a fan of bright colours/purple shading.
Them adding one trans character for damage control means nothing. JK is still a terf who’s collecting royalties and I’m not playing this shit, y’all have fun tho.
Ok, I wasn't paying attention to this game, but after the review (which I've been following since I bought my PS5) I'm probably in for it. Just a quick question, I thought this was an MMORPG. So.. It isn't.. but will it have an online mode?
This game is great
I'm disappointed there is no multiplayer or co-op. I'll pass.
My wife doesn't play games and she saw me playing Hogwarts Legacy. Being a huge Harry Potter fan, she exclaimed, "I Wanna Play!" And we made her a character and a part of Ravenclaw (I'm Slytherin). She plays more than me now- she loves going to classes (she's a teacher) and walking around the castle, admiring the architecture. She's casting Ravelio everywhere she goes. She'll rate it a 10/10 and I'm rating it a 9/10 , only because the devs made the game so good that my wife is now hogging the ps5!
Wired magazine just published a review with a 1/10 rating that calls the game "ant-Semitic". Seriously. Let Wired know how you feel about this travesty
Instant spite buy!
Woah those greens spells on the bottom, i alrighty know what those are just because of their icons, guess the first thing I’m doing in this game is a mass avadacodavraing
If it got"flipendo", then it got me !! 💥❤️  Sorcerer's stone memories ....🥰
Graphical glitches in the faces in every cutscene is bad and characters randomly spawning in is also bad. Great game 10/10
It’s a real shame there’s no multiplayer. Going to pick this up today. It’ll be the first RPG type game I’ve picked up. Should I get it for PS5 or Series X?
I knew the game will lack depth
"not enough buttons" console peasant
Gameranx is the goat 🐐 in gaming reviews.
Anyone else go back and try to play the older Harry Potter PS2 games to prepare for this....I do not miss loading screens.
On Xbox I’ve had the atmosphere glitches and very few students appear from no where, but the biggest glitch I’ve had so far is the audio will cut out for about a second, it’s not very often but enough to remind me the game hasn’t been patched yet. And before I forget I’ve had my character locked looking in a direction, but it fixes itself moving between loading screen.
I can’t believe i can’t download this on ps4!! It was advertised as ps5 and ps4 and when I went to download it, it says available 4/4/2023.
Is there any form of melee combat in this game?
The best HP game to have ever come out. Highly recommend it.
Looking forward to this game! Never really been the biggest fan of this series but this game might change how I look at this universe 😬
Thank you! You earned another sub today!
I can’t stop playing…
PC version comes out in about an hour or two. Hoping it's awesome!
Lol... I love that you named yourself Basil Hayden... Bourbon fan??
took them long enough to make a decent HP game
Sounds like it sucks! Gotta remap controls, glitchy, and stupid.
Can anyone tell me hows the storyline? big harry potter fan but i only play games with good main story...
Thank you so much for this wonderful and thoughtful review. I've been interested in this game since I heard about it, but the news and reviews are all so political that it's hard to get an objective opinion on the actual game without someone's personal politics being involved. As a die hard Harry Potter fan, I'm planning on buying an Xbox Series S just so that I can play this game. This review definitely helped me solidify my choice. Thank you once again and keep up the great work.
It's a really solid experience really enjoy my time with it
I wasn't planning on playing this game and I wasn't excited at all and then I saw game-playing instantly wanted to play it
One question though can you skip talkin sequences
Even though this isn’t a game I will play myself, I’ve been following the development as it goes along. Seems like a successful game, and I love reading how much players are enjoying it. Thanks for another great video, Gemeranx!
Very underwhelming game. Not worth it.
I’ll wait til it’s on sale, call me cheap but games hit different when you buy them for cheap. Horizon ZD & FW, FF15, Ghost of Tsushima, Persona 5R, etc (Single Player Games). I’m excited to play this game when the price drops. Looks fun and been thinking on rewatching the series all over again.
I'm just pllaying it to get babes tbh
I 100% gonna play this game, but JK Rowling F'ed up sooo badly! I can't support her.. So I guess I wait for keys or pirate it even
It's a ubisoft formula game. I haven't beaten a ubisoft formula game since Far Cry 3. I would enjoy the ambiance of this game for sure but I would get tired of it 6-8hrs after I realize the game is wasting my time with all the map markers and traveling back and forth.   I am really enjoying the Dead Space Remake for the opposite reason. It tells me where to go and every step I take is directly progressing the game. No time wasted. It's refreshing.
Cool! Sounds like I’ll buy for $20 in a few years.
Did you name yourself after the whiskey
so no points deducted from killing 325 people by the end?
As a die hard Harry Potter fan I love what developers did , it's not easy but it really feels like home +the names of characters ,the lore ,everything makes sense!
The whole drama around this game is so dumb from both sides of the political spectrum. Even for me, who’s not a centrist.
One of the nice touches I noticed was after leaving Herbology class, all my classmates walked the same path to the next class which was potions.
He said you can unlock Flipendo, real ones know what I'm talking about lol PS1 Sorcerer's Stone was awesome.
I love this guy. The Flippendo callback and voice uping was so relatable
Regarding "bugs", you know T-poses and popins are normally caused because the hardware can't keep up with your settings. The fix from devs allways to reduce activivity in bussy areas or lover max settings behind the senes, some times they remove full dx features a next gen card clearly could take advantage of. (check the ini file before/after) :p  But in reality, everyone belive they have payed for a "Ultra +++" machine. But noone is clear on where that bar is.  The major issue here is rather the fact that the game is unplayable on the advertised "recomended" hardware, not to mention the fact that "Minimum Requirements" is a bad joke.
All we need now is the ultimate 007 game...with all the 00s, loads of locations added into a massive map etc.
supposed to be inverted dick on PC from what I've heard so far. so disappointed, man. are they ever going to get PC ports right?
Thank you for leaving a review that isn't political
I would rate it a 7 or 8 max personally. The main problem of the game for me like most open world games is that it if feels too much grindy and bloated of fetch quests, meaningless collectibles and icons, gets repetitive and it's a lifeless world if you count out the astonishing art direction with boring side quests. However I should say that i find side quests to be more rewarding than other games because you unlock so many spells and it's not just an XP or gold rewards system. Overall decent open world game that's just slightly above the generic Ubisoft/open world formula that it's worth playing at least once especially if you are a Harry Potter fan. Chamber of secrets still remains for me the best Harry Potter game adaptation, I played it on PC back in 2002. That game was amazing and underated for it's time
I really appreciate the video.  I was going to purchase this but thanks to you I see the game isn't what I thought it is.  I am sure I would enjoy it but it's not worth $60 atm.
Whats a "normal time of year"?
Loved the game but Feels a lot like the new assassin creed game
Why doesn't he wait until he FINISHED the game until only 25 hours.  Gotta get it out first! Hur dur
Before you buy, be prepared for the raids.
This has been way better than boring ass Elden Ring, and I don't really like the Harry Potter universe.
Was hoping to see the moving staircases but that would be ridiculous
I got the metal armor cosmetic for my robe, and now I just roll around in castle ruins pretending I'm playing Elden Ring.   I think a little more school sim would have helped. Just spending a weeks worth of day night cycles drinking other people's left over butter beer in hogsmead is a little too unrealistic for a game in which you conjure armchairs from thin air.
Ultimate Wizard 101?!?
This game gives me Watch dogs 2 / Assassins Creed Origins Fun vibes game.
any game who's writer is anti nwo im all beyind.
The Flipendo got me, HP 1 and 2 PC hype
FUN FACT: The lightning-shaped scar on Harry Potter's forehead was originally intended to be a crescent moon shape, but the artist working on the cover of the first book accidentally made it a lightning bolt instead. J.K. Rowling liked the mistake so much that she decided to keep it in the design.
JK rules.
I wonder how will this run on switch. Since i own one LOL
I haven't noticed the visual glitches on PC. Other than that, I agree with everything here. Great game so far.   Edit: For the record, I am a diehard HP fan and gamer. This game exceeded my expectations as far as lore and feeling like it could really be a story from the HP world.
It would have been really cool if there was a proper day & night cycle and more of a school simulation. Things like a curfew and have to attend classes or get done for truancy/chased by prefects. Sort of like how Rockstar done it with the Bully game. More NPC interactions would of been cool too. Still looks great though!
the main things I was hoping for in this game were a semi-school simulator, with rpg adventure mechanics, and choices that matter. This seems hollow, and more shallow than people seem to be acknowledging
TERF game for losers
Launch an open world-customise your own character lord of the rings game and we are complete
I can easily say this is the most fun I've had in a game in a long time. Probably since playing LEGO LOTR. I keep finding myself randomly smiling ear to ear, and I haven't even gone to all the classes yet!
This game plays like Witcher 3 meets Fable. I’m not sure it’s better than either.
Naming your character Basil Hayden lmao
I would like to see what happens if the player or any other students used the three unforgivable curses.
Before you buy it, don’t! Biggest disappointment in the last 10y, makes Cyberpunk 2077 on release day look perfect, save your money, not worth more than 19.99 max, graphics are completely unacceptable for such a title and half the Hogwarts seems to be from SEA
Rockwood is the one who cursed Anne
9:35 you literally see a character just appear on the bench. The game seems buggy
Sold all I needed to know was that I could get a filpendo. Man, bringing back the Harry Potter ps1 memories!!! Solid review: Thanks for the content!
What an amazing game so far. I was just looking for something to play and although Hogwarts seemed a bit childish for me….wow simply wow. The visuals, the music (!), really brings me back to a more imaginative me, a much younger me. I’m only a couple hours in but the devs have done such a wonderful job.
You can adjust the pitch of your characters voice in the sound settings menu anytime you’d like.
Very disappointed that you covered this game.  Lost a subscriber with this one.
Your voice isn’t annoying 😂
how would you compare it to say fable? (cant wait till modders crack this) Edit: never mind I just want to nexus and its there
Thank you for a unbiased view. Your not completely controlled by its “controversial issue” or a Harry Potter fanatic….
XY=Male XX=Female.....YYY=Deliliah
just commenting because no one has noticed that the MC's name is Basil Hayden which is a brand of bourbon
I hate that minimap already
I beat the game in 25 hours, not that that is a bad thing, I love this game, and will probably put a few more in to get more challenges done and explore. The only gripes I have are small gripes as this game has done far far faaar more good than bad. Don't take these as reasons not to buy the game, I totally recommend it, and my cons are minor compared to the rest of this wonderful game. But I will list a few of the cons I have:  - Basic quality of life being locked behind talent points like extra spell (skill) sets. There is no good reason lore or gameplay wise where those should be locked behind precious talent points  - Lack of talent points. In my 25 hours of play, I explored a lot, and didn't get anywhere near the max level 40, and even if you get max level, you can't afford all the talents. I was level 30  - The level system isn't super necessary, I didn't have to grind because my grind was having fun exploring, but you gain levels much much slower into the mid 20s. The talent points could have been attributed through gameplay challenges rather than grinding pages. And since there is no new game plus to experience the different houses you have to do the grind for each house. The first playthrough wasn't a problem, I don't want to go through that again though.   - The gear was more cumbersome than worth it. I ended up not caring after getting 'legendary' gear around level 23-25 and it carried me the rest of the game, turned into busywork and the gear progression was entirely random, but since enemies level with you you need to have decent gear upgrades through most of the game.   - Too many systems that seemed over bearing and worthless. There is the whole beast capturing, caring, and slot system with the loom that I never touched outside of the 2 quests that used it. I never felt like I needed it in the slightest, and it was a lot of time sink that wasn't worth it for me. The potions where almost as useless as you get a never ending supply of healing pots. I only used it for focus potions at the end so I could spam curses.  - You don't get brooms till 25% in the game, and beast mounts until 60%+ in, one of the mounts you don't get until the second last quest and you use it for maybe 2 minutes.   - I avada kedavra'd a boss near the end of the game it emptied his health bar from 97% to 0%, but the devs didn't plan for the killing curse and he lived canonically. immersion broken, 0/10 game, do not buy.
I'm going to buy the game and only then I'll whatch this video
I never watched the movies but this game looks really nice that it got me into it and looking forward to it
This game has an advantage, the customers can't complain about glitches because the excuse could be the magic.
It's exactly 24 hours to complete the main story and 32+ to 100% percent the game
I love this game especially for those cute background people and npcs I remember witnessing two dark wizards trading a Niffler😂
I never want to see another Dr squatch add,
About 12 hours in on Series X, and so far, it has been really smooth, with no bugs or glitches. Loving the game. 👍
I’m finally thinking of buying a PS5 because of this game. Waiting for the Ps4 version is killing me, and I’m worried about the glitches on that version
Needs more spells, not gonna lie!
Your voice is completely fine
I'm not really a HP fan, but the game looks absolutely amazing and gives off a lot of nostalgia. I can't wait to be a transphobe :D
FLIIIIPENDOOO!
Your voice isn’t even annoying bro, another great vid 💚
pov you’re watching this after just buying it
2023 GOTY 🪄🧙🏾‍♂️👽💚⛺️💜
Ironically one of my chief concerns is that the hud looks so unimaginative and reminiscent of Dragon Age, which makes we worry about corporate stink of the EA kind or straight up unimaginative developers making a generic game dependent on a solid license. It's a strange thing to get hung up on, as I usually play with huds off as best it can be done. I really want to love this game, but I fear for my inner child's emotional state should this be yet another soulless cashgrab from WB. I still haven't forgiven their studio for what they did to Superman.
Too bad about the wand and house. They should make it so that the different wands affect your magic differently and different houses affect the storyline and how easily you make friends with different characters, or alternatively who your homies are and how they fight (like saints row, where you can call your homies for backup)
The game is pretty meh tbh I thought it was fun but also I just like any other sane human being cringed at the virtue signaling they kept shoving in my face because they obviously didn't expect the more normie crowd to take over the community and for the projected player base to activity go psycho and attack people for playing.
Only transphobic bigots would play this game!!!
15 hours in on pc and only one crash  to desktop, which is better than I was expecting. My only gripe would have to be the broom controls on mouse and keyboard. I think the vertical controls should have been done with the mouse instead of ctrl and space.
1:26 it's LeviOsa not "LeviosO"
Basil Hayden 🥃
Psh, more like after I buy, but before I’m able to play.
Not a die hard harry potter fan. Fan of magical fiction worlds definitely. Buying this game, when I get some money saved up.
This game looks pretty sick, it has everything I would envision for a Harry Potter game. Often games based on books or movies end up being over produced and dumbed down nonsense.
your voice not annoying i think it pre calming actually
This game wont see a price drop for quite some time. The amount of people playing the early access is just crazy.
It fries my brain cells that the main reviewers are calling it a Harry Potter game, but at-least you gave it a fair review unlike IGN.
Kinda sad to see it's another action-adventure "go fight things to make numbers go up" game instead of a more rp oriented "go to hogwarts simulator" experience.
is it online?
This is a great game,  so much fun to play, can clearly see some Arkham and mad max influences in combat and that’s cool.  I’m just a MOR potter fan but as far as the game goes it’s a fab wizard world game.
I have no knowledge what so ever on Harry Potter but I’m considering buying this game cause it looks solid fosho
The real question is... Is it Elden Ring level?
They should have started as first years that's were all the fun is were u pick a hpise with sorting hat etc. Like skipping all that wasn't a smart idea if they spent 10 plus years making it
Doesn't sound like any of the main protagonists from the books are in this game so it might feel weird for someone who grew up with the books and original movies to not see Harry, or Dumbledore, or even Hagrid. Shame.
Performance is bad like Gotham knights was not nearly as bad tho and UI sucks and they even used the same UI sounds as Gotham knights that being said I have put 26 hours in and it hasn't come out would highly recommend
wow so the xbox one version doesn’t come out till april ? smh
Game looks amazing! Add it to my list. God of war Ragnarok, horizon zero dawn, and now this.
After u mentioned how your voice sounded “annoying” I couldn’t stop hearing how u sound like that dude from social network and zombie land 😂 game looks fun and I liked both of those movies by the way.
I liked the part when the woman  with the Adam’s apple started talking at me in a deep ass voice.
I am a new harry potter fan thanks to my girlfriend she is a hardcore fan just wanted to say i am very excited to play this and cant wait, also thank you gameranx i love the before you buy series saved me so many times :D
Only problem with the game that's really disappointing is the lack of enemy variety :/
Great job as always with ur reviews!
I bought this to spite the men in dresses who think they are women
Don't Ask Questions, Just Consume Product and Then Get Excited for Next Products
this game looks greats, feels fun to explore but it looks to easy for me. I will wait for a discount. no rush
why does the reviewer sound like Jesse Eisenberg?
I honestly thought this game was going to be a MMO, I’m sorry to see that this game is single player only! It would have been nice to seen some sort of interaction with other people like maybe have the houses compete with each other! At the end of the week the house with the most points gets the cup! Disappointing!😢
This has nothing to do with the game, but your voice isn't annoying at all dude. I can only speak for myself, but if someone has an annoying voice I cant watch the video. And yet here we are. :)
I did wish that there would be like a time system of which classes take place where there is curfew or you could skip class and there would be consequences as well as interacting more with random students even just simple conversations but this is still cool and they put in a lot of effort
As someone who has been playing for the last 3 days I’m here to say just buy it! You won’t be disappointed
2:24 your voice is not annoying screw whoever told you that
Game is amazing, though it leaves a lot to be desired on the magical abilities... 16 spells for a wizard game? In Oblivion you could create spells!
For Dark Souls and Elden Ring Fans. Majic is for people who suck at the game.
RDR2 has better graphics and its almost a half a decade old😭
I would like to ask if a Digital download is available for PS4 and PS5? or just PS5?
i guess the next question is...  is it moddable?
The combat was what i really wanted. I wanted grand spells to go with the epic atmosphere. But from what you showed combat is boring and repetitive. And when you said theres 16 spells i got disapointed looked them up found out there are about 30 and got even more disapointed. 90 percent of the spells do the same thing move person  by either levitate throw slam slow. And they reskined all those spells to only effect objects why so many spells just to push pull people/objects. Theres even one made just for critters. The other just a few combat spells which dont do anything fancy. Even 2 that do the exact same thing the freeze and stun both lock enemy in place and they take extra damage. Im just so disapointed in this a magic game with no magic variety.
I saw another review for this game yesterday and it looked amazing! And the guy said it was from ps5 as well, but in this video it doesn’t look nearly as great, the textures look super bland and low res…
Really excited for ps4 version of this game
I’m playing rn and I just noticed that the game has seasons amazing detail
Copped it 50$ on eBay I gotta wait a few days to play but I’m hyped
100% recommend. It has some downsides, but the upsides make this game one of the most memorable gaming experiences I have had in a long time. Absolute praise to the dev team on this one.
Claims applied free and continues to give 1000 spoilers about everything 😂
Watching this after buying the game
This looks like anthem but wizards. RIP Anthem, you were never given a chance.
As a trans person I lost harry potter as a hyperfocus, I'm excited to see if the pc version holds up because I may just be getting back into the wizarding world.
It really sucks last gen and Switch gamers have to wait two whole months still
seems like the characters all got botox.  facial animations seem kind of stiff lol
I’ll buy if multiplayer be added
I love that you guys didn't bow down to the Facist trying to cancel this game ! Thanks !!!
More like after you buy
best game iv ever played
Man I wish I could afford this game 😭
I never got into Harry Potter, never read the books, only seen a couple of the movies, and I have really enjoyed this game so far. I thought I would burn out on it fast but even just wandering around teh school or countryside is really gratifying.  It sucks that JKR being a TERF asshat is ruining the reception of the game and also hurting trans people. The developers managed to make a good game that seems like a good foundation for later entries.   Agree that face customization is limited but as a black dude, they have some very nice hairstyles for black folks, probably the best I have seen outside of games with far more robust character creation suites.
Jake really has a very annoying voice. I was hoping falcon would do this review.
Why’d you make your character Harry styles?
Is there any way to disable the white lining they put around the enemy?
“Pretty decent” lmfao
I was obsessed with anything Harry Potter related back in high school. I'm 36 now and don't care anymore. I think I'd like this though. It seems captivating. Hopefully it's worth the money.
I’m so conflicted on whether to get this for the exclusive content and haptics on PS5 or better performance on Series X! Help!!!
I wonder is MP would be added somehow
I just would like to say your voice is not annoying and actually very clear to me 💯
I see a big fan of Harry Potter and it’s universe. I’ve been wanting a RPG style game set in the Hogwarts universe for ages and about 10 hours in and I can say it’s one of my favourite games I’ve played in a long time I love all the little nodsto the books and the films.
I will gladly pay $30 for a DLC that adds quidditch and a new story line and maybe some more mini games like battle chess
Best game of 2023
God and Jesus loves everybody so much and if you are going though something hard in your life God and Jesus will always be there for you always no matter what God Bless everybody
Just buy, ignore the noise and enjoy
Wow, thanks for the review! This looks awesome. I might have overlooked it otherwise. Will purchase on PC.
Ive been having a truly magical time playing this game! For how great the game is though I have to say my biggest nit pick are the Broom controls on the PS5. I absolutely hate it. I understand why quidditch was left out. Can you imagine how infuriating it would be to try play quidditch with these controls.
I've been dreaming about a game like this for over a decade now and I'm so happy that it's finally here. I've got about 7 hours of playtime and I've loved every single minute of it. It's just really fun to run around the castle and explore the side quests the the whole map in general. I'm pretty relieved that the amount of time you spend in each class is actually quite brief and isn't very tedious since sometimes it's barely five minutes.
I love that you have 100k more views than IGN's review. As it should be.
Game good, like really fucking good. And it runs like a dream on PC. Also other than 10 euros extra for the deluxe edition it has no micro transactions. This is what triple A games should be like. Most likely will be GOTY.
Really worried about what the Switch version might lose... any word on any known differences?
Before I play this game I NEED to know: what are your political opinions regarding gender identity?
Are there staircases that lead somewhere else on fridays? (there fucking should be)
Ok so is the next step for the HP universe of videogames an MMO? And, if so, how many micro transactions can we expect before someone drops a house payment to become Voldemort on day one?
wonder if they will do DLC like the chamber of secrets and deathly hallows type ya know like bruh voldemort is coming for you ya know
Might be a dumb question but can you have 2 separate saved games for hogwartz legacy? Like can my gf create one character and have her own story mode while I also create my own character and have my own story mode?  Do we just have to have different profiles to do that or 2 different psn accounts how does that work?
8:13 Looks a lot like the Dwemer Cube from Skyrim
7/10. I DEDUCT 2 FULL POINTS for not having the ability to set run to toggle on or off.  Constantly having to press down on a joycon stick in order to run is painful for my hands. Especially in a game like this were you run around so often.
Thanx Gamefly
Man I hope the obsessively offended are sitting there pissed this game is good. I hope the fans of this series who refuse to by it over words on the internet, are just seething that they "can't" play this game. The devs tried to cater to you guys but it wasn't enough, they added a trans bartender and it wasn't enough. They don't even use your characters pronouns in diolage and it wasn't enough to satisfy. Hopefully this shows companies pandering dosent work. Making a good game does. Ive never been interested in hp but this game being sooo good convinced me to buy it.
gamingcirclejerk gonna harass him now
Looks decent might have to pirate
Why can’t Americans say Hogwarts?
I want to own every animal everywhere.  Is there a limit to how many creatures you can own?
I'm here because of all the trans drama that this game caused, I wasn't particularly interested in Harry Potter but this brings me very fond memories of the PS1 Harry Potter game and I definitely want to give it a try.  So, thanks to trans people that got offended by JK Rowling... I guess?
Im 22 hours in, and i can tell this game is worth every penny man. I love it
How do you do the warp during battles?
Way better than IGN review!
EA. Take notes.  Lots of notes.
I don’t think you play as a “transfer” student. You are just starting hogwarts as a 5th year with no previous magic school experience.
I have two complaints with this game but is still an ok game. 1. Feels rushed story wise 2. Characters - I do not care about any of them at all.   I always go back to Mass Effect as almost every character was great in their own way. Garrus, Tali, Joke, Anderson, EDI, Rex, Grunt, Miranda, Liara and even the ones I personally didn't like I could see why others enjoyed them. Honestly the NPC's in Skyrim are 100% better than this game which you will find yourself considering the killing curse every time a character starts talking.
Ah i just wish the game was compatible with devices that arent the newest ones available.
You don't have an annoying voice, all voices are beautiful. Amazing video <3
I'm so torn. On one hand this game looks really good and I want to play it, on the other hand... my trans friends will hate me and I don't want to support a transphobic person
What I really wanna know is how much do you rate it from 0/10
Just got it let’s go
The game is super fun ...lol but hopefully they fix all the bugs in the game cause it's hard to ignore them
I'm not a Harry Potter fan so wasn't excited for this, but your review has made me think this could be worth a try!
Thank you, for just reviewing the damn game without the nonsense the other reviewers feel they *must* virtue signal about.
Puzzles!!! Are you bombarded by puzzles like in the Arkham Games or like God of war?
Finally a franchise that wasn't ruined in a different media
Each time a new game launches, this is the first channel I go to.
I am so impressed. The character creation is awesome (only critique is if they had more voice options. I'm Latino and the voice sounds so white/English) Other than that, OMG! This game is amazing,   I'm also playing with all setting on Ultra with ray tracing off, and I have to say the graphics are breathtakingly beautiful. I'm finding myself constantly stopping to admire the view like I do in the Witcher 3. I was worried cause this is the first time I've ever paid full price for a game. I usually wait for a sale, but I am so glad I did. Dios mío! This is going to be fun. Wish you all the best fellow witches and wizards.
Bruh did not even finish watching! Want to buy it so bad!
Belive me i buying it.
So it’s just Harry Potter Elden Ring?
FLUPENDO!!!!!
This game runs extremely well on my pc. Super stable 100fps at ultra settings (RT off) 3440x1440 ultra wide  6900xt (rog strix lc) 5600x 32gig ram NVME SSD
Oh, I was hoping it was going to be more school simulation focused, with more to do with houses and day to day with adventure
the game is great in opinion just get elden ring
I heard “no micro transactions” and my ears perked up
Looks amazing but one thing tiny bugs me... The same animation over and over and over again for the long coats and how they "animate" to you walking or running.  It's quite an eye sore once you see it.  I think I'll only wear one when needed. 👍
Love the character's name. "Basil Hayden" lol, nice reference.
Personally as a casual Harry Potter fan who has been tired of terrible mobile spin offs. This is definitely a game I will be buying. And of course I am a Ravenclaw both in game and in real life
One thing with the different houses , they each have their own side missions that differ from the other houses . Gives us some replay value .
Things that should be acknowledged. JK Rowling and the setting itself are antisemitic. The game includes a shofar as a "goblin artifact" just to double down on the goblins are Jews".
I'm not a harry potter fan but I'm definitely gonna buy it as it's open world the game does look awesome also keep up with the content I usually come here for reviews and not gettin click bait
we get a full blown Harry Potter game b4 i ever get to see a open would Superman game. dear literally all developers someone make an open would Superman game & stop sucking batman off already
The best thing about a magic game is you can never really tell what is a bug/glitch or what’s normal 😂☠️ I absolutely am loving this game, I technically paid  220 for this game because I traded in my old system for a next gen just to play Hogwarts
Why does he look like Cole sprouse
I don't care about Harry Potter. And I don't like wands. But I still wanna play this game and explore this world. Looks atmospheric to me and reminds me of Bully a bit. Thanks for the review.
Game is great so far I just wish they would make a wizard rpg game in the harry potter universe. Like go to school and learn but then graduate and get a Wizarding job that they could keep adding to.
Now maybe WB can make a great Matrix Game
Yuck Console review on a game that would be better played on PC
Just here to see the losers complaining about the game being transphobic lol
No thanks
Even if you are not a fan of the franchise this game will blow your mind, it's more detailed and gorgeous than we thought after watching the trailers
Just another trash from potter factory
Well I'm buying now because was afraid how ea did with the past ones and that the only ones worth playing was Lego. I'll buy it twice. PS for my son then PC for me.
It’s funny how this game is on last gen and Gotham knights isn’t
Arena PVP would be cool or co-op
I'm buying this now lol.
Seeing ancestors of people from the books as students at Hogwarts was pretty wild and got a reaction out of me
Is the combat hard? Look to easy on your review, that i enjoyed by the way. Thanks
As a Harry Potter fan, I love the game. So very much. It’s truly a dream come true and things like customizing my wand even though it really serves no purpose made me insanely happy. Things like the Common rooms and castle not being as interactive dont even bother me, because throughout Hogwarts, I just wanna be on the move and explore. Yes, I do wish we could sit in those gorgeous Common room couches or take a quick nap in our dorm’s bed to alternatively manual save/time skip, but either way, as a seasoned gamer and Potterhead alike, this game, flaws and all, is freaking incredible!
How is this for the Switch?
This game throws potion bottle after drinking them!!!
I'm a very casual Potter fan, but I have not been this excited for a game in SO long. Midnight can't get here quick enough 😩
I wasn't allowed to read/watch Harry Potter as a kid, so I am not coming to this as a fan. However, the world looks great and that castle... WOW! Hopefully that is where games are going. Overall though, I don't know if this is the game for me and might wait for a sale if its not anything groundbreaking.
Mr gameranx, thank you because I usually wait for your review before buying a game & now I know that I’m SLYTHERIN FOREVER
It’s reminding me of Assassin’s Creed
I expected more from the graphics.
Why are all reviews on ps5?
I'm not going to buy because my pc sucks, I could care less about HP, oh and the J.K Rowling stuff but the game looks good but I'd rather play Wynncraft
I'm not going to buy because my pc sucks, I could care less about HP, oh and the J.K Rowling stuff but the game looks good but I'd rather play Wynncraft
I could only ever play this if I could ignore that it is not based on a kids book full of kids and having to play a kid ... So that is a no then lol
Can't be better than the 1st one on the PSX.
My question is steam deck can handle this game 🤔🤔
shadow wizard money gang 🧙‍♂💰we love casting spells 💯🥶
tbh game needed to feature morality system and let us choose a path for ourselves like what if i'm rooting for lord vordomort rather than harry potter like in that harry potter game the one in the browser i used to play years ago (i think they shut down it at some point) i always tried my best to be the bad guy and i was rooting for the whole dark spell thing here and going around killing every1 forcing hogwarts to hate me and want me dead but sadly it's not possible :(
Original creator of the series is shit but this game seems alright.
Why is all that shit on the screen while you’re flying
1:24 oh noooo my dad
i hope the fun doesn’t end here imagine the potential multiplayer duels/quests this game could be much better then it is rn and rn it’s amazing
Game of the year contender
Basically, you're saying it's everything I wanted. I didn't really want a "Bully set in Hogwarts". I never really expected full-blown classes, DLC, or extreme RPG elements. Let's look at this with franchise potential. Overall, it's an awesome base for a sequel to improve upon, and for that alone I'm excited to play. Sadly, still stuck with a PS4, so I'm waiting til April. Unless I can magically buy a PS5 before then, but they still never seem to be available.
some how in cyberpunk everybody laughed at npc and here you cant even interact with them, no-one cares. there is diapering npc's is also no problem. and this game is still amazing f... that
This game looks fantastic
So is there a morality system? Can I be a dark wizard? Can I be a good wizard ? Can I be in the middle somewhere? Does it effect the gameplay?
The way I see it is… I was heavy into ghosts of tsashima and couldn’t wait for hogwarts !! Anyway hogwarts combat is cringe!! Who is paying this guy to say the games good !! It’s not worth the $ . Just my thoughts
Basil Hayden eh? You sly dog
no lie, I would love to see this in vr support on pc
Just here to see the "The creator is transphobic so I won't buy it." comments.
why is everyone constantly complaing about the you can't really interact with any of the random npcs walking around? I mean, even when RDR2 had interactions, people were still like, there's not much to it besides Antagonize, greet, defuse. So are people seriously hoping that the developers are going to make every NPC a character you can have unique dialogues with? I am not really sure what people want.
Thank you for naming your character after a Scotch lmao
Yoo, Flipendo?!? That’s my magic BREAD AND BUTTER, BABY!! 😆
Hogwash Legacy... another Over hyped games with biased reviews. 🥸
Jake saying he has an annoying voice is so not true. I could listen to you review games all day Mr. Jake.
Basil Hayden  Hahaha.. nice
Wonder if you can explore the goblin bank Vault
One of my pet peeves with this game is the cutscene. They cut to black in the middle of the conversation for no reason. its jarring
His character looks like Cole Sprouse lol
Hey man! I don't mind your voice lol
This game really is amazing and exactly what I hoped it would be. I'm just really sad the money will fund a monster among monsters in Rowling
Poor guy says his voice is annoying :(
My expectation for an immersive Hogwarts game is impossibly high, but this is probably the closest I can get. I'll probably buy it day one on Steam after some insurance from other gamers that it works properly. While I learned not to buy games on release, I won't certainly wait for the internet to spoil me stuff through a meme wagon wave.
One thing im concerned about with modern games is  how the f--- am I supposed to ever finish the game? I am full time working and a father of two, just the scale of these games turn me off so much as I have 1-2 hours a week of free time to game. I would love to try it but I just can't justify spending money for a game that I likely won't ever finish or that would take me over half a year to finish.
I listen to you all year, you do not have an annoying voice
I've got a feeling this is gonna be one massive timesink, Witcher 3 style
i mean.. im planning on buying it anyways but im here to see whats up with the game lol.
the ubishit ui is bugging me ....
More games need things like gta 5 or bully where you get a bit of your slice of life with the gameplay
How did you not talk about the flying on the broom
Red Dead Redemption 2 showed the world how to make great npcs. And years later games can’t even have them interact with you or even react to the player. What’s the point if they can’t even do that…?
THIS GAME MADE GUYS WEARING THEIR MOTHER'S BRA AND PANTIES RAGE. 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
So is there any choice or agency in the game or what? Only thing that was mentioned storywise was that houses don't matter.
Its going to have denuvo baked on it tho.  Wait for a repack, install, play it then buy it if you wanna support the game dev.
This is awesome
And it’s not multiplayer, so for that reason I’m out ✌🏽🚮.
I got the game on Tuesday cos I pre ordered the deluxe edition, and it's honestly amazing. The open world reminds me a lot of Red Dead Redemption 2 which is a game I loved (shame the online isn't that good)
The one that I was disappointed is that: THERE IS NO QUIDDITCH?! GIVE US QUIDDITCH AS A MULTIPLAYER PVP NOWW
I’d buy the game if it wasn’t aggressively British.  There should be an option to turn it off in the accessibility settings since British accents are my least favorite disability.
you do NOT have a annoying voice, its nice to listen to
Guys I need an advice. I'm not a fan of Harry Potter (not even watching it), but I love rpg game-like. Should I buy this? Is it worth it?
I watch every single one of these video before i buy a video game, and for the first time in history i just want it to be known: you do not need to watch this video. Buy the game. It’s fucking fantastic. Ive got 10 hours into it so far and that’s only the tip of the iceberg for me
What about the difficulty?? Does it do anything to up it up
Great Game, hope it gets super successful
This game crashes on  my xbox series x with 5mins of launch. Boots back to home screen or fully forces my xbox off.....real disappointed
Your voice is perfect man. We love you
I'm only buying this to support transphobia
My wife loves harry potter and got me into it, she did not like video games but behold i got home and saw that she was playing this game and now we are playing it together. So far this game is a must play for every harry potter fan.
tldr: GAME IS SINGLE PLAYER.
Never understood the lack of editing when it comes to the audio matching the visuals. Like when you talk about the character creation why not show it while you’re talking about it instead of random gameplay? I doubt it’s out of laziness
I don’t even own a ps5..yet but here I am
Am I the only one who hates highlighted enemies?
Watching this 25 hours deep, lol, don’t know why
Your voice is not annoying at all lmao
This is an incredibly concise and informative video so v appreciative thank you, but oh man flippendo?!?! I consider this a spoiler :p
I'm playing it on Xbox series x and the only glitch I've seen so far is the lighting glitch during dialog other than that I'm absolutely loving the game. It definitely scratches the Harry Potter itch
Gentlemen about 2 hrs in and I can tell you this is probably the best game I have played in quite a while.
I wanted to see how the story would be as a Slytherin. So far I've played roughly 20 hours and I'm just about halfway through the main story. Been doin loads of side quests. This game is the best game I've played in a long time. I don't tend to stay with a game after completing the story but I will probably go for 100% compete. Highly recommend this game
The game is one I have been hoping for since I read the 7th book of the Harry Potter Series.
single player make me feel confuse to buy
I have been enjoying the game soo much. The music the gameplay the feeling is amazing. Also all games combat gets repetitive at some point. Unless you are using multiple characters with different abilities each.
Didn't development for this start on the old consoles? I'm glad they prioritized getting the new versions out first, still pretty absurd ps4 and One are delayed 2 months lol
I will surely buy the game when I get my upgrades on my pc
99% traveling and dialogue. Combat is rolling and pressing 4 buttons for a lack luster magic effect. Shit is so boring.
I KNOW a fully fleshed out quidditch experience or even like a mini game is probably wishful thinking but my inner child would be overjoyed. So excited for this game
I appreciate that the game gives us the option to be a typical Slytherin jerk without seeing a bunch of big, red "QUEST FAILED"s in my menus, punishing me for not becoming best friends with every person I come across. The only person who I'm being an absolute sweetheart to Zenobia because us outcasts gotta stick together.
This game is good.  It’s very very good!  Ravenclaw!!!!!!!
Is there ANY chance for a multiplayer section😭😭
Love how the first add to the video is this game 😂😂
Guys imagine: if this was EA!! 😂😂drip fed over 8 years and still a shit game over $1000 worth and still needs improvement. Glad this is value for money and they don't do what greedy ea does with the Sims 4
One of the most enjoyable games I’ve played for a while I feel the story is pretty solid too
Bully meets The Witcher. looks great!
IMPRESIV AND COOL INTHA MISIN PLASN TOTLAY  OSAM . PC PLS ! IT IS VERI ERLDER RING AND DARSK SOLD AND NWE WORLD ..DAM IVE THA SEME graf meniu .but hey pel not spole tha joy  tha olti cool rest og tha grafics . osam not binladen  lol
I only wish there was a morality system
2 milions in 2 days.... omg....
Thank you for just reviewing the game. I now trust y'all.👍
I'd say this is a big step up from the last HP game I played. Chamber of secrets on the GameCube.
Wow, already more views than God of War Ragnarök Before you buy.
Thanks for the objective and unbiased review.  I was afraid that finding a fair review would be hard to find, but yours appears to be trustworthy^^
The combat just looks too corny to me- I did just complete elden ring though lol tough act to follow
For those that have played, does the game ever get dark like Prisoner of Azkaban forward?  It's not a huge deal breaker for me but It seems very friendly. I mean, we can play evil and even use the killing curse as a student yet the world looks so... cute? idk. It's very T for teen and somehow not at the same time. Does anyone know what I'm failing to describe? The reason I loved the movies was that the dark and mature themes made those few light moments all the more brighter and those cozy moments all the more warmer, ya know? Hogwarts legacy however, at face value, comes across as rather overbearing in those positive themes for me atm. Preferably without spoilers, can anyone provide any reassurance?  Cheers.
I REALLY WANTED A SCHOOL SETTING! NOOOOOOOOOOOO!
Anybody else just on the sideline of this game and are expecting some 'bad news' ? Like either first day release or some DLC controversy ? So difficult to trust game studios these days .   Also, anybody else feel grateful for the adult rated games we get here and there ? 16+ Harry Potter apparently has all the adults all over it for the time .
The real thing you should do before you buy is watch the entire Trilogy of Harry Potter and Fantastic Beasts so you can have a better understanding what you'll be playing in the game.  In Hogwarts Legacy,  there's lots to do, a lot of magic and spells to learn,  and stuff that I don't even think Harry Potter learned before the end of the series was over.  So that's the real before you buy review in my opinion.
While it’s a great game, it keeps crashing on me.  I have it on PS5…
Not just doing this to farm likes, genuinely curious, but what house will you guys pick for your character and why?
I can't believe I never subscribed lmao I've been watching you guys for years. Anywho if I'm remotely interested in a game I come here. If you guys say it's good I buy it.
I love this game so much. I'm not a huge fan of the pacing Im 18 hours in and feel like I'm getting near the end of the game and have only one spell left to learn. I'm just worried I won't be able to play around with all my spells enough.
in a different universe , imagine from software is making a hogwarts game
J.k. ROWLING rocks!!!
He mentioned when this was first leaked and how 'long ago' it was, but didn't mention how long ago it actually was. Does anyone recall? I'm curious about how long this has been planned/in development.
It will get GOTY
The game is kinda broken on pc right now
I've never been a Harry Potter dude, but I love rpgs, and man, this feels good! It's like a PG version of The Witcher 3, and I'm loving it!
no mention of the political considerations of buying this game?
Hey just a reminder that God loves us, through his son Jesus Christ, who died on the cross for all our sins and rose from the grave. We are all sinners and that’s why Jesus did that for us, none of us can get saved by our own works. Believe on his sacrifice for you. 💓
i hope the massive ram usage is fixed ...
This game looks like it will melt my PC lol
Got to Smoke that Potter Ladies,  British Translation: Gout Tu Smuk Thautt Puottuaa!!! Gents!!!
Well yea, takes money to make money right?
It's a really good and fun game. But i wouldn't put it up there with something like rdr2 or the witcher 3. Especially not in terms of story telling.
20h in the game and so far it's been amazing, really happy with what they've done.
i loved the review but the game looks so incredibly boring and bland. nothing at all about this looks enticing
Can I give my sock to an elf?
why does it say that the game isnt playable on ps4? is it still only pre orderable on ps4? says playable date 4/04/2023
It's been 3 days since I seen the cafeteria...if I really went here I'd die of hunger
I love it so far. There's a few things I wished existed (I want to buy some fucking candy at HoneyDukes and Drink some Butterbeers at the 3 Broomsticks, dammit!)  Also, sleeping a bed would be cool instead of just waiting, and the no fly zones are a bummer.  But these really are small picks that I wouldn't even dock a whole point for, if any at all. At a certain point, a game can't do EVERYTHING, so give em a break!   I've been having loads of fun. Can't wait to get a hippogriff
Yeah this is a pass for me, as soon as I saw more gameplay and how it’s not even like a sim or you playing in the world being a student like persona, I lost interest. It’s just another generic rpg at this point, almost gives me assassins creed vibes weird enough. I’ll just wait for Witchbrook. I was never a major Harry Potter fan and just a franchise for a lot of us we moved on from and rightly so because the author is a terrible person.
It is simply not ethical to play or promote this game
Would have been genuinely interested, but Sony and PS can eat a bag of D's.
Ah ha, Basil Hayden is good drinkin
1:33 - the protag is not a transfer student, though. Being a transfer student implies that a person has been studying at another school. While the protag has not attended any school of magic, (s)he is a late bloomer who received his (her) letter from Hogwarts on his (her) fifteenth birthday.
Seriously @gameranx is the best video game channel on YouTube!
Honestly not a huge Harry Potter fan but would definitely like to give this game a shot. For sure will be picking it up.
Assassin's Creed Hogwarts
Dude, I get paid in 2 days and I am SO excited to get this game!!!
And bought it. I haven't even noticed it really until there was the big outcry. Watched videos, talked to friends who plays it and now I just bought it. Seems like a very fun game with some problems but nothing too crazy. So thanks to those who tried to cancel it, this was the reason why my attention fell on the game on the first place 😆
Thank you everyone at gameranx your content is always amazing you guys blow IGN out of the water. 👍🏻
I love your voice bro
I happen to have random visual artifacts in the game. Does anybody know how i could resolve them?
It’s time for them to make a game based on the Percy Jackson universe . Abilities based on which god is your parent, different weapons to use, it has potential.
For me personally i love game with challenging combat and this isn’t really that challenging for me so i don’t think i will buy it
Wait theres a skill tree? Im like level 12 and haven't known this lol
I only got half way through the video before I went and bought it lol
I'm glad people are playing the game.
Imagine being sensitive to glitches. There's a lot of dilholes out there isn't there.
I'm not a massive hardcore potter fan I don't think, I enjoyed the books and the movies when they came out and that's about it. I do agree with the points raised in this video. I will however add though that I can't imagine playing this game on something that isn't on a SSD. While the loads in Hogsmeade and the world are fine, there can be loading delays even on SSD for Hogwarts itself. I'd hate to experience that on a normal drive.  I think there are nice little easter eggs in the game too; I noticed in the restricted section in the library there is a model of a mermaid sitting on a table that is like the actual reported mermaid that was brought back to England at about that time that generated quite a bit of fanfare as it was hosted at one of those freak circus things. I'm sure there are others that I'm not aware of as well.
It’s single player I don’t want
Don’t support a transphobic author!
Hoping the day 1 patch fixes some of the graphical issues - the patch notes suggest it will. The early access release is so janky, especially when you open chests with full gear slots and the contents disappear :(
I was highly skeptical about this game as I was never too into harry potter series as a kid... but this game gives me a whole new feeling about the franchise. im very excited about this game and cannot wait to play it.
Hope you idiots aren't falling for the faux outrage over this game. I watched the streamer Lexalite with 40,000 viewers and NO ONE IN CHAT MENTIONED JK Rowling or anything BAD about the game.
I’ve seen Harry Potter on TV so many times that I’ve fallen out of it but this game genuinely looks fun
I'd don't care about the size I will end Every single day sleeping in my common room EVERY SINGLE NIGHT But first, eat in front of the screen with the avatar in the great hall.
Reminds me of the PS2 Harry Potter 5 game. One of my favourite things was to cast a spell at students, starting wizard duels in the halls.
Yes
This game is great. One of the most intuitive and interactive games I've ever played. I don't care for any reviews because experiencing this game first-hand is second to none. The Developers really outdid themselves and I'm glad they took their time with it.
Awesome video of Hogwarts legacy gameranx,fantastic job.
You have a great voice bro! Fantastic vid!
Would this be a good game for someone who barely knows anything about Harry Potter but likes rpg games?
Because all the reviewers at IGN are pretentious pricks that are about as real and down to earth as a farting comet. Jake and Falcon are enjoyable, entertaining, they don’t force their opinions out like people have to agree with them. IGN’s content is a put as entertaining as vomiting from drinking too much and even then that might be better than the feces that comes from IGN.
You're a wizard Harry.
When One is a Gamer, they can live a 1,000 life's.
The map is tiny, linear and jagged.  The forbidden “forest” is just a yard. I can probably see the entirety of hogsmead from hogwarts front door. As good as they did the closeness of everything ruins the experience. Kinda like in ac odyssey I can just climb a 2 story building and see the entirety of the next “country”over where cities are just lil fishing villages.
“Before you buy this game you will be called transphobic and will be told not to like what they don’t like”
I feel like a Hogwarts game should allow for faction alignment choices of practical magic and dark arts and have that affect which characters you can speak to and how others treat you
Thanks guys for not falling for the bs
5:04 is that for real? you can unlock the og flipendo?
Bought it!!!  So damn good!!!!!
I remember being addicted to the PlayStation 1 and Gameboy harry potter games as a kid and after all the games I've seen or played since then never once got me as excited as this release. 👍👍👍
Seems boring
To me just from looking at brief gameplay footage the game gives me heavy Ubisoft vibes. Talk to person, go to place, enjoy maybe a slightly entertaining bit of dialogue, get quest reward, repeat, with some collectibles or random-encounter enemies/bosses potentially? If the game is anything like that then it really doesn't matter how much Harry Potter and Hogwarts makeup you dust the game with, I'm incredibly disinterested in that formula of open world games at this point.  I don't care to spend hours doing inconsequential side quests or exploring just to get a useless collectible item, I want have a totally new experience instead of being served the same Open World RPG with a fresh coat of paint.
Older gamer and can say I am pretty excited.  I haven't seen any of the newer spinoff movies,  but I am really down with exploring Hogwarts in an older time.  Sounds fantastic
wonder how this would run on 1440p 3070 with rtx
Should i buy this game even though i haven’t watched harry potter?
Why did you levioso that goat? Im offended who wants to start a boycott? Jk lol
played the game for 24 hours straight and all I can say is: 10/10
This looks amazing, from everything I’ve heard, read, and watched, it seems as tho the devs really love harry potter and the universe. I can’t wait to pick this up when it drops on ps4 or when I can get a ps5. Might have to forego travel for the foreseeable future to make it happen. Also are we just gonna gloss over the fact that dude murdered that sheep at 1:30?
I wish you could have a follower. I get lonely in games lol
I pre-ordered it at the last minute, so I get that mount I’m not gonna watch a review because I don’t want to get spoiled but thanks for the great reviews
As someone who wasn't permitted to watch Harry Potter growing up, I feel that without the nostalgia of those early viewings/readings; there really isn't much to this franchise that would give it an inch over the likes of Lord of the Rings or Willy Wonka etc.  I've tried watching the movies now that I'm an adult, but I just don't see the appeal. This game does however look like a labour of love for those fans young and old, and I'm happy to see that it was made right and not just half-assed like so many of the previous offerings have been.
Should of had a coop or something connecting us all such a missed opportunity a massive massive missed opportunity INFACT probably the biggest missed opportunity in gaming. I don’t wanna run round hogwarts alone with npc pupils when we could be doing it with our friends 😑
I would be a dark wizard and take over London and shit.
Got it, I'm getting it for PS5. If the spell casting requited precision, like in a shooter, I would go PC.
Ha, nice taste in bourbon!
Game looks super fun and you can clearly tell it’s made with love so thanks to the devs 🙏🏽🙏🏽 the open world genre needs to take more notes from Skyrim
the combat is actually quite good. agree its not a faillure, kinda like ff7 remake
Could very well be the present mood but of all “Before You Buy” thumbnails, this is the funniest 🤷‍♂️ 😅
Glad this game was written by someone else but JK lol.
Elden Ring has waaay more magic spells lol
Very fun game!
Jake, your voice isn't annoying
I just wish so hard that it was at least coop
You got me at Arkham Knight! 🤷🏻‍♂️🖖🏻
Too bad they were given 99 moonstones, we'll see microtransactions on that.
I can’t wait to buy it
The spiders are terrifying 😭
Well now that I see the Giant spiders I don't know if I'll be able to play this game.
i'm absolutely mibdblown by the game, i expected it to be half than what i saw so far and iam barely at the start
clearly this reviewer is not a potterhead, put a reviewer that is a potterhead and the word "decent" will be gone
I find your voice pleasant to listen to, not 'annoying' at all. You have a nice rhythm to your speech pattern, you're very expressive, which makes you interesting to listen to, and your tone isn't too deep or too high.
2.21 no shame in that tbf
never listen to the LEFT!!
Jake is so handsome.
There is a cave that can get you stuck in the wall where you have to reload your save just fyi
As always, great review. Unfortunately due to the controversy I have to pass on this one. I was expecting to see haters in the comments and didn't see any of it. Signs of a healthy community. That's something to praise
So is this actually out now?
Ok having npc NOT DOING ANYTHING..that just sucks 😫. Why cant they be like skyrim npc? 🥹
The fighting is so engaging in this game.
Jake you don't have an annoying voice. It's very cool and relaxing.
I feel like there needs to be a limit with how many times you can say the word "jaded" in a positive review
My favorite part of this game was when Rookwood cursed Anne and blamed it on the goblins
Hype is definitely detrimental to a game but it's integral for these games that take so long in development. I'm just happy to have a version of the Harry Potter world in this next generation of consoles. i remember playing half-blood prince on 360. Even replayed a good bit of it a couple years back on PC. It was so fun dueling, exploring hogwarts, and crafting potions. I'm not the biggest fan of the franchise but you cannot doubt it is an excellent example of mystical fiction and I'll be happy to play this version of Hogwarts when it releases
Honestly, I’m glad I’m not into Harry Potter, so I don’t have to wander into the hot diarrhea explosion of a conversation that this game has presented. Jake, buddy- we like your voice. Don’t worry about it.
I'm honestly heartbroken here. I am very disappointed that JK's rampant transphobia was not mentioned once. If this is supposed to be a before you buy, the main thing I would mention is that your money funds transphobic legislation. Why have ethics in games journalism when you are too scared that you won't get review copies in the future. I expected better from gameranx as a long time subscriber but I can't support this negligence.
Obviously I've already bought and played it but I'm here anyways.
I like Hogwarts.😃
You can actually change the voice tone at any point in the game via the settings menu!
Do I need to be familiar with Harry Potter lore to appreciate this game? I've never seen the movies and know nothing about it other then this game looks cool lol.
So far the game is so amazing… only thing I’ve seen wrong with it the there’s that the characters voice sounds heavily synthesized and it sounds kinda modulated in a way. A few visual glitches but otherwise spot on game
Can't enjoy anything Harry Potter anymore... Sadly just like ruroni Kenshin the creator ruined the experience to the core.
Be careful your about to get bullied gameranx or canceled.. fuck the people who try to bullish me into what they think. This game looks dope no matter what.
No Snape, no fun :-(
Good job make this game Hogwarts Legacy!
Haven't played yet but when I do I'm sure it'll be an OK for me but I do wish there was a co-op campaign so I can explore the world with my cousin.
I get that we are all just happy to have a hp game and I agree but why is no one mentioning the absolute trash map system in this game. It’s like cool my map of the castle is a picture of the outside of the castle…. Outside the castle it works fine but arguably the place you need it most, it’s completely useless.
How many of these views do you think are by the people who swore up and down they would boycott the game, wouldn't watch anything on it or otherwise? A sh!t ton. That's how many.
I’m so used to waiting a year for transmog to be added. 🥲 I genuinely think this is one of the best releases in a long time. It is exactly what the Devs said, and then some (imo). I’m really, REALLY enjoying this game. Also, I’m on PS5, I don’t have a super fancy TV, but I’ve been playing on the fidelity RT mode, and I have BARELY noticed a drop in frames. Ragnarok was unplayable in the favor resolution mode.
Ayooooooooo where was this energy for forspoken it’s literally the sammmmmeeeee shiddddtt!!!!!!!
Combat looks and feels like Witcher 3, but with spells only. I wonder if they used the same engine to make this game
WELP GUESS I’M TRANSPHOBIC CAUSE THIS GAME IS FIRE!!! 🔥🔥🔥🔥😂😂😂
This looks like Skyrim on a flying broomstick.
Game of the century
I have a suspicion it will suck. 😂 I hope it has some wicked realiTEA on it. (Edit) the graphics and voice acting is great.
Harry Potter is a terrible franchise owned by terrible people, and shouldn't be supported on many, many levels. Buying this game makes you a bad person.
Can you stand and surf on your broomstick though?
overrated game
i appreciate the team not interjecting their own political views in the reviewing & sticking to being objective!
“You can unlock Flipendo”  STOP IT RIGHT THERE!!!! Certified Masterpiece 👌 XD  Joking aside this looks really good
damnit, this has actually gotten me excited for the game now and is making me considering buy it
I lowered the pitch, but there was not tinn-y sound
Oh my Gawd!!!!!!!
We are still waiting for Escape from Tarkov game before you buy
We are still waiting for Escape from Tarkov game before you buy
We are still waiting for Escape from Tarkov game before you buy
Today's fun fact: Iceland has an elf whisperer who inspects construction sites before anything gets built to make sure no elves are hanging around
Two big complaints for me NPC’s should be way more interactive and I was really looking forward to the class part of it. I didn’t expect anything like bully, but at the same time I kind of did.
Alright Damn it now just gotta wait for Starfield.
I don't know shit about HP but this looks pretty damn good.
i was amazed for hours just exploring the castle. the small magic surprises all around really brought back the wonder i had as a child.
thank you Jake for not starting this out by shilling to the crazies and smack talking JK for believing women exist! All other channels seem to be loosing they them darn minds which just reassures me that gameranx is the only gaming channel to turn to. Nice work friend!
Bring on the mods
Your voice isn't annoying, Jake!
Lol I went down one pitch on the voice and it sounded like I was in an echochamber... Glad it wasn't just me 🤣
This game looks pretty good. Wasn't expecting this to be this good
im glad you guys actually gave the game a fair shot, lots are not and are doomed to fail...
Before you buy Hogwarts legacy, just know so many people are going to harass you  for being “transphobic”
I will get this game. That is all.
This game will be the first time ever that I messed with anything to do with Harry Potter idk anything but I’m a huge fan of rpg video games so this claimed my attention. If it’s like how shadow of war drew me in even tho I never messed with lord of the rings, I know I’ll be in for a treat
If you don't can show those all glitches on screen. My god you're lame man
:)
You have an amazing voice!
It looks so boring...  Total skip.
Was anybody's face tired? That was some scary shit
The trans stuff is annoying, the voices of a lot of characters are annoying and it seems like you are forced to do things. You have to introduce yourself or talk to characters before leaving etc. It feels more like a linear game in an "open world".
The game runs really well on Xbox series X. I have had one small glitch in 20 plus hours.
The camera to the side is a shit idea, developers are idiots for using it! Leave that shit for Batman!
im worried that a lot of the side quests have little to no story and are just collectibles  personally the term "side quest" should be different than collectibles quest but a lot of open worlds fall prey to loading their worlds with random collectibles in place narrative content  how does hogwarts legacy differentiate between those two? how is the time split between them?
If it is to piss off those “troopers”, I buy 3 of these
Combat is disappointing honestly. Beautiful world though
I warrant all my interest towards this game from half blood prince on ps3
Soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo it's Skyrim. Gottit :-)
When you make a character you're white but then it immediately trys to get u to put on black face... disgusting
Yall gotta keep neko in the squad lmaoo
It's been nice to watch a review where the reviewer hasn't spent most of the time ragging on J.k Rowlings political views, which I've seen from many mainstream reviewers. You just reviewed the game honestly. Well done gameranx.
creepy crawler kept me from buying this.  :(
I never had an interest in Harry Potter and found the movies to be a bore fest. But I’m happy people who do enjoy that franchise are finding it fun! I’ve yet to wait for another LOTR game, and am somewhat in expectation of Gollum.
Your teacher died at the end of the game, and they can't be saved. Also, Roockwood is the one who cursed Anne. The goblins where framed.
How bad is the WB cash shop bullshit?
I hope it plays decently on last gen
So its the witcher without swords. I kinda like that
To the people who tried to cancel this game and "boycott" it, F**K you.
idk about you guys but...videos like these fucked up the gaming community. noone gets the excitement of discovering a game when its all over yt even before launch. get yourself some dignity and dont watch this crap.
I’ve never watched or read Harry Potter (just didn’t find it interesting), but obviously aware of the world, and this looks super good. The deluxe doesn’t seem worth it , so I’ll be getting the standard, and frankly I think it’ll be a worthwhile purchase :0
Xbox reacts a lot of the same ways glitch wise from the sound.
Ive ezketit horruyooter
So glad that this is not live service trash
11:58 A "normal" time of year
I’ve never seen any of the movies or read the books, just not a harry potter person, but this game looks pretty good! I might check it out
Awesome! Looks like the movies came to life, finally... with great realism and accuracy!
I've never been a huge fan of Harry Potter; it's a bit like Star Wars in that I've never connected much with the story or characters, but I like the world that's been created. I probably wasn't going to buy this any time soon, but my brother is slightly more of a Harry Potter fan and wants to get the game, so I will try it when he gets it. I am interested in exploring Hogwarts and its surroundings mainly.
They should make it like GTA. Play against other opponents.
How do you guys feel about the physical copies not allowing you to play past a couple hours unless you take the game online?
Booooo
im not an HP fan. read the books as a kids, only bothered seeing the movies recently (except i saw the first two back in the day), they were ok. but it was just never one of those worlds I got sucked into. Good books as a kid, but that was it, and unlike I think a lot of HP fans, i read a lot as a kid. these werent the only fantasy books/worlds i read so I think thats part of it. HP to me was just another fantasy setting, but far from the only one i had been brought into. So I'm personally not interested in this, even as good as it is. I just wouldn't get immersed. HOWEVER, my wife, i think would love this. She IS a huge HP fan. she's not much of a gamer, Pokemon, Animal Crossing, Sims, but this kind of game, the open world, explore, take your time, game set in the HP universe i think would be right up her ally. The question now is, do I wait for the Switch Port (the console she plays on, her PC can't handle this), or do i get it for PS5 when i get one soon. probably the latter.
Look, I know *I'm* the outlier here, but it's ridiculous to me how focused people are on combat in a HP game. You get to enter a world full of wonder, excitement and discoveries and all you think about is your 'magic bazooka', hit combos and DPS,...seriously? There're other games for that. But please, have fun your way 🤷
Is it me, or are these AAA titles all feeling and looking the same now.
To be honest, I think Forspoken did better with spells
If you drink wiggenweld while a cutscene starts, your potion will be still in your left hand. I ran around for like three hours like that, and it has liquid physics, so it just looks like I’m wandering the halls like a drunk fifth year student hanging out with the Weasleys. So fun
It's incredible how the devs not only referenced the books and movies as a source for accuracy, but also the universal theme park as well.
I’ve always somewhat liked the HP books/movies, but once I introduced my son to it he’s now obsessed with the franchise. I’m glad this game exists so I can now play something with him that both of us will enjoy.
Fantastic review.  Really appreciated this one, especially focusing on the game aspects, nothing else.
I love this game, it's everything I wanted from a Wizarding World video game.
Garbage ass game
waiting for crack
It’s pretty good game so far! Also glad to see a honest review that doesn’t deal with the bs!! Cheers!
If you like Action RPGs, this is the game for you unless you absolutely despise magic. I'm not even an HP fan but this game is hitting all the marks for me
Sooooo this didn't release with a billion game breaking bugs? And doesn't completely ignore all lore?
I haven’t pre-ordered a game in forever, but this one I had to. No regrets either, this game is amazing and really fun. The world is so big and the castle is insane. They did a really great job.  Edit: Also very interested to see that Jake is a Ravenclaw 😏
Man a couple of my friends were hyping this game up and saying how I should buy it. They made it sound like a multiplayer game so I was down being a wizard with friends… well surprise to me it’s a signal player game.  My fault I know but, damn, kinda regretting my purchase
Me who has already bought the Pre Release Delux version
Don't hate the player. Hate the game.
Why does this game just look so lifeless and boring. The rpg elements turn me off so hard.
die-hard fan here. there's quite alot of little nostalgic and referenced points in the game which is a nice touch. My friend and his girlfriend aren't as interested in Harry Potter as myself but this game got them picking up book lore and quoting snippets of it. it was refreshing to see things and moments I care greatly for shared with others who wouldn't otherwise experience it.
Other than a few minor FPS drop a few glitches I don't have anything to complain about. I'm playing PC and so fare I love it, really looking forward to exploring more of the game. :D
Imagine willingly giving your money to JK Rowling.
you can change the voice at anytime in the settings
They really should have started you as a first year student being sorted into your house and progress from there.
The first before you buy I’ve watched before I’ve actually bought
Mid game, not worth the money ;) just wait for discount...Game feels empy, bad npc's they are there they doing nothing ;d sometimes they talk thats it, boring combat, few types of enemies, all mini games and puzzles sucks. Don't get fulled by bunch of a fanboys they will defend this mid game at all cost, streamers play this cuz kidos watching it, they dont play it cuz its a good game.
Avalanche says trans rights and fuck J.K. Rowling.  So I respect them for that.
This game is so much fun, especially for a fan. I'm about 8+ hours into the game and I can't wait to spend dozens more exploring and learning everything I possibly can.
The atmosphere and game look great but I'm not sure about the character or the story.. I just wanted a Hogwarts game where I goto the classes, travel around the school and grounds.. You know, like a  Hogwarts student. Learn spells ect.
WB need to just give us that Matrix game atp
Now we wait for Harry Potter Mod for the game..
...16? 16 spells, that's it? wow that's dumb af
NPCs being just cosmetics and not reacting to you in anyway outside quests is a little turn off and I wish we could cast at least some passive charms/spells on them or have them be affected indirectly like Weasley Twins mischievousness...like make them float? or have them soaking wet with aguamenti spell or something...
Hogwarts 2077
I wasn't really a big harry potter fan before but after watching too many callmekevin playthroughs of the old games I unironically memorized the layout of hogwarts so now here I am, diving in head first.
Jus buy , game is fun and immersive as hell 💯👍
Could someone tell me if this is playable offline?
Doesn't beat the academy of lucaria in ELDEN RING
Watching how this game looks, I wish I was a fan of the series. Will definitely watch the movies and get this down the line.
PC is working great so far, only a few issues like you pointed out, HDR, and a few others, but otherwise, so far, good.
Already lvl 25 in 8 hours
This game BLEW me away. I didn’t realize how far gaming technology has come!
I’m 12 hours in and the game is a absolute spectacle and masterpiece! I HIGHLY recommend this game to anyone and everyone!
me watching after buying the game
Will buy this to spite the online bullies.
Spot on
Love this game. Watching the playthrough  with the best there is, The RadBrad👍🏻
Ahh Flipendo. Such a legendary spell. Brings back memories
We all just wanted a good Harry potter game. Nothing more and this looks like a GREAT Harry Potter game
I haven't watched Harry Potter since the first one, but this game looks really good. The flying looks incredible.
Watching you play feels like Elder Scrolls engine
Was this game down graded it looks awful for next gen
8:42 .O
I would only use the three unforgivable curses and if they’re not in the game then it’s trash
They need to remove the giant HUD
The voice thing happened to me too 🥲
Never seen any Harry Potter movies, but seeing this gameplay reminded me a lot of Witcher 3 the wild hunt same UI and even gameplay mechanics look like they’ve been polished a bit.
Buying this game is terrible and just shows that you don’t care about trans people. The money that this game is making is being used to oppress LGBT people. Buying this game makes you transphobic af, end of story.
Best game I played in awhile I love it 6hrs I’m just getting to fly. It definitely meets the hype
MedMen Stock Moving Up!! Support Legalized Marijuana! Buy MMNFF stock today!!
its official, i am an Avalanche fanboy. I have been replaying Mad Max (this time on my series x) to keep me busy while i wait for this.
i just hate that it has 0 multiplayer.  I would've been fine with dark souls style msgs or 1 v 1 pvp..   I'll wait a year for the discount.. like every other single player game
That’s what’s wrong with video games is this stupid massive open world crap it’s getting boring and it makes these games awful because it takes too long to develop them so they just half ass it and force you to connect to the stupid Internet. I’m sorry but the games that came out before the Internet days are 1000 times better than this trash that they’re trying to pass off as video games nowadays.
Totally looks like it’s Forspoke :/
Fading to black all the time... I hate it so much!
I love— I was waiting for so long!! No I see the compact— I’m afraid it will feel like Forspoken— which I didn’t like :/
Being able to walk through the halls of Hogwart’s—my literal childhood dream—is enough for me to get this game. Can’t wait for the PS4 release.
My favorite thing about this game is letting us change the clothes of the gear so we keep the buffs but not look goofy
This game is everything I wanted and more
The other day, President Ikeda of the Soka Gakkai criticized Russia and issued a statement that the war should be ended as soon as possible. may have been  It is a self-produced performance.  Soka Gakkai member Koharaguchi
I used to love harry potter as a kid but this wand gameplay looks corny to me, i prefer a dr strange hand magic gameplay game.
ugh, minimap :(
Soka Gakkai is deeply invading Russia with the power of money.  Gorbachev received an honorary doctorate from Soka University.  Moreover, he came all the way to Japan and received an honorary doctorate directly from Soka Gakkai President Daisaku Ikeda at Soka University.
Surprisingly, the Soka Gakkai created a political party called Komeito, and is colluding with the Liberal Democratic Party to control Japanese politics.
Soka Gakkai changed its name to SGI (Soka Gakkai International) and has branch offices all over the world.  There is also a Soka Gakkai branch in America.  Germany and France have designated the Soka Gakkai as a cult.  However, in the United States, the House of Representatives has designated the Soka Gakkai as a cult, but the Senate has not designated it as a cult.  Unless the Senate designates the Soka Gakkai as a cult as soon as possible, American democracy may be destroyed by the Soka Gakkai.
The world's largest Japanese corporation, Mitsubishi, has been hijacked by the Soka Gakkai.  And to my horror, Soka Gakkai acquired the Walt Disney Company in the United States.  I think that's why the Star Wars series is less boring than it used to be.
looks like a trash game
[Extraordinary number of Soka Gakkai stalkers participating]  The number of believers who participate in this stalking behavior is ridiculous.  After all, it is not a staggering number because it can be continued 24 hours a day, 365 days a year for victims all over the country.  Of the 2.5 million to 3 million Soka believers, it is natural that some of them have experience of being involved in or cooperating with this crime.  The reason why so many believers are participating is because of the methods of surveillance and stalking that we are about to reveal.  By letting people of all ages and races participate without exception, it is a technique that deceives the eyes of a third party and at the same time makes the scale of the crime feel larger.  Soka Gakkai member Kinjou
Buy meta stock its going to shoot way up this week. Easy profits.
★Manual for Soka Gakkai Departures and Opponents★ (1) It is necessary to destroy the marriages of the opponent's children. , it is necessary to drop it as if it was naturally unhappy (4) The member should never be suspected (5) Make sure that the words of the enemy do not gain trust (6) Always be under economic/psychological pressure need to let
In Japan, there is a cult called Soka Gakkai.  Japan is not a democratic country, it is a cult-religious country controlled by the Soka Gakkai behind the scenes.
Feels like if your not a HP fan, this is a bit mediocre. Hard pass. Great review as always though, the trusted source is here.
So WB copyrighted the nemesis system to really never use it again? Idk how they would have put it into harry potter but i mean im sure they could have
Will the PS4 version look the same as PS5?
Hey, everybody who's upset about people politicizing this game: the game BECAME political when the plot became about putting down a jewi- I mean, 'goblin' uprising, and when the person who invented the IP said 'I personally hate an entire subsection of people for no good reason and will spend my money to hurt them.'  If you have to play Baby Wizard's First Lame Deatiny Ripoff despite all that, go on ahead, but don't cry when people rightfully call you a prick.
uses the same menu builder as god of war
Does it have multiple game save files? or can it only be played by 1 person at a time.
I gottta buy it
Never liked Harry Potter stuff but this seems like an awesome game. I love RDR2 and this somehow reminds me of that game but it's wizards instead of cowboys.
By the way, props to whoever named their character Basil Hayden.
What you gonna say we're canceled
people got cancelled just bc they play this game. so nah
Looks cool
Can anyone that played the game give us his opinion on how bad or how often these glitches Happen?  Cause thats the only thing stopping me from buying the game yet
How's the tdm and conquest modes
I shoulda kept my pre order but I’ve been burned too many times. This one looks really good gonna have to buy
Really disappointed they didn’t go mmo or even co op at the very least looks really linear what’s the point of choosing you house if not needed had many opportunity with the school or even quidditch, I calling game open world when there linear and empty and can’t interact
I never really cared for the Harry Potter franchise, but I might finally get into it with this game. It looks surprisingly fleshed out when it comes to Hogwarts itself and the combat looks simple and entertaining.
I love your voice🥹
But is it exciting? Lots of bosses and danger? I need jaw dropping action fight sequences and battles. It looks tame and about ambiance.
I am super excited for this game! Seems like forever we’ve been waiting.
I would really like to see PC review on youtube. So far I was no able to find even one.
You don’t have an annoying voice bro
They told on themselves with the combat.
I'm not the biggest HP fan, I've never read the books, and have no interest to.  I have only seen the movies.  I've only seen the main movies, not the spin-offs or prequels.  I don't have enough interest in those either.  Don't care about lore either.   All that said I still had enough interest in this that I pulled the trigger.  So far it is exactly what I would expect a AAA HP game to be, and I'm enjoying it.  You can tell they made this game so that even casual fans like me can feel like they are inside the movies.  I can't promise I'll finish it, I always have a hard time finishing open world games.  I usually lose interest before I finish them because they take so long. That's nothing against HP it's just open world games in general for me.  Some of them I just stick to the main story and finish them, we will see what happens here.
The single player is a cover for the coming multiplayer vsus mode.  Wait and see.
I actually expected, and would accept, cosmetic microtransactions. Stuff like mounts, decor, skins etc would be great.
i am just questioning weither i should get it for my ps4, or my pc. Ps4 has some exclusive items you can get. but it will run better on my pc.... Anybody got ideas?
As somewhat a Harry Potter fan I’m really enjoying this game. There’s so much to do, I’ve barley started the main story. I’m just lost in the castle. I agree the houses don’t make much different but if you’re into role playing it adds somewhat
What about dark magic
I'm glad to see this is an actual adventure and explore game. Any other Hogwarts game including Hogwarts Mystery is a bunch of basic video games with a shell on top. And a bit of story mixed in. Not enough story for all the drudgery you put in. Not enough exploration or interaction. I get more action out of space shooters with chat functions.
Depending on how modable the PC version is, I wouldn't be surprised if there was a mod to make it the school experience 1st-7th year.
You know a game is phenomenal when it's got someone like me, wanting to buy it and I could care less about the whole Harry Potter hogwarts franchise. I actually want to drop some cash to buy this game soon
Basil Hayden, a man who likes his bourbon 😏 🥃
Cardboard game
Wow it's beautiful everything thing about it . One thing it does lack is online that's my only thing I have a problem with but other then that it's beautiful can't wait to cross paths with
Only reason I’m not buying this game is because I believe the combat system looks too bland and repetitive, enemies don’t seem interesting enough and unwise enough to me.
If it runs glitchy on PS5 imagine how it runs on Switch😂
The only issue with the game I have so far is it seems that everyone has an ever so slight lazy eye in dialog scenes.
Great review thank you for not going off on BS and  politics. we as gamers don’t care about the trans issues we don’t care about who feelings got hurt! we only care about having a good game. :)
Can you go into the water ? Swim? Is there a underwater environment/ ecosystem
Its amazing how they manage to make the hogwarts castle itself they also have a massive map that you can go anywhere you want outside the castle. Ive never been a huge Harry potter fan but damn playing this game put a smile on my face just walking around the castle admiring the attention to detail. Recommend this game to literally anyone.. its been a minute since we had a game like this
I think the game does a good job of expanding on existing lore, it's not entirely accurate, but it's certainly charming and nostalgic.
i asked a refund after 1h55 minutes, got bored.
I’m underwhelmed. They can’t make a be your own story with real freedom it’s a standard story and cheap enemies... make it next gen and better not just graphics but things in the world you can affect not just look at. Fairly decent and repetitive isn’t what you want to hear about a game. It seems like Spider-Man ps4 but Harry Potter. It has stiff but it’s basic and lacking. I don’t care about loot or collecting things... so sad that this is what they churned out. The room of requirement sounds like club penguins house mixed with the wild thorn berries save the animals game...
Hopefully I don’t end up on a list for watching this video…
Not nearly as good as expected! The fact that there are so many Potter fans it will sell tons of copies, but the game itself wasn't as good as I thought it would be! Camera sucks, and the targeting sucks! The gameplay is overall boring after 8 hours! I would say that the graphics and details are amazing! That is the only thing I liked about the game! At this point there is so many other titles coming out, and already out that are far better than this! With all that said if you are a huge Potter fan, and don't care about mechanics, and certain annoying bugs and glitches this game is for you!
Jake you definitely do not have annoying voice bro. Love your content and the way the vids are done we just take your voice  with a little grain of salt. Lol
I started exploring Hogwarts the moment I got there, trying to solve puzzles and what not! It's incredible! Know places from the movies and so on. Like it's crazy to see most of it come to life. And after I did get to the first two classes I can now explore more! I haven't been into Harry Potter since when I was about 15. Thats about 18 years ago now. This game made me instantly get back into it!
Really wanted a system like Bully or Persona where you had to go to class or you could skip and get in trouble or miss stuff. That would've been cool in my opinion.
It's an amazing game. Exactly what Potter fans need
Out of solidarity with trans people I won’t be buying
I work with a guy who is not interested in the franchise whatsoever....he said and I quote "dude this game is fucking awesome 10 out of 10, I can see why you're into the lore and shit and this game is making me enjoy the universe, dude you really need to get it"  I don't have it........😭
Before you buy remember that trans lives matter
im watching this like i can afford this and play with my radeon powered pc
I just came here to say that it's too late for a £Before you buy"! I pre-ordered the game weeks ago!
People keep complaining about combat. Bitch, if I wanted a combat game I'd be playing Dark Souls, gtfo.
Sad that theres no beards
This looks like what Forspoken was tryna achieve lol. Curious tho, what type of open world busy work stuff is there? Jake mentioned it but didn't elaborate
there is no hagrid in the game so it sucks
These videos always seem to be “After you buy” for me lol
I’ve never watched Harry Potter…. Would I enjoy and have a lot of fun with this game?
download size on ps5 is very reasonable too at around 80gb for such a vast world!
Flipendo. Lol. That goes back a few years...
Me watching this after buying the deluxe edition 👀
I have wanted a star wars game like this forever. A jedi, sith, bounty hunter, whatever. Or just a KOTOR remake
why does your character look like young voldemort
Streamers who played the game are being harassed and bully. I don't know all the details but it had something to do with transphobic or something.
Toxic and cynical gamers alike will be all over the glitches m. It’s called patches people!
here because the IGN vid was boring af!
So no killing other students?
I absolutely can’t wait to play this game but I’m so annoyed I won’t be able to play it for weeks until I get home! :(
Game seems pretty good but I'm still a bit disappointed that it's not a Persona-like school year simulator. That would've been awesome
Good name Jake, good name…
I played the old Harry Potter games but they always left me wanting. They felt like just another way to make money.  I am however really excited about this game, a fully open world version of hogwarts where you could literally get completely lost if you wanted to and where you can make your own adventure to a degree.   After watching this video, I’ve only gotten more hype.
Seems like there's universal acclaim for the game, which is certainly true after reading these comments.  Sales are huge and to top it all off - you can almost taste the salty tears of those who wanted it to fail.
I strongly dislike Harry Potter but this game looks crazy fun - is it recommended to people who are not Harry Potter fans ?
I just want to note that in the settings you can change your characters voice pitch.
I know nothing of Harry Potter... this video made me buy the game. It's actually a ''Why you Should Buy''
Now I wait for a game based on that other book series about a wizard named Harry  I think the people who did Ghostwire Tokyo could do a cool dresden files game
what's the differance between the delux game and the basic? is the delux worth the extra money?
Ah yes the baby mode elden ring.
Why are you picking out your wand if you are a 5th year transfer shouldn't you already have a wand by your 5th year in other magic schools?
Assasins Creed Origins/Odyssey called, they want their UI back.
Great review. Not gonna lie though, I'm disappointed you didn't talk about WHY the game is controversial. Paying lip service to the controversy without talking about it seems dismissive
The game doesn't look great to me on ps5. And the movement of the character isn't great to me either. To me.
Hogwarts Legacy completely shits on Forspoken and the fact that it is 20 bucks cheaper is insane lol
I only have a switch and want to play this game… worried
I'm glad it doesn't sound like the threw in too much half hearted  "choice and consequence" shit.
Omg.... the battle is just like forsaken fuck.... that's not good
I feel like it’s kind of lazy writing for them to drop you off and fifth year. That leaves you three years worth of gameplay versus seven.
everytime i search “before you buy” on any game, i know i will definitely buy it..
The PC version has a wierd FPS drop in between changing areas, like when you go outside the castle from a room or when you go inside a new room. I've had to refresh the GPU memory every couple of times (ctrl+winkey+shift+B)
They got FLIPPENDO?! IM IN!
I dont like the controls theyre weird and hard to manage wish we could fix that
So far so good, i can remember fantastic beasts being announced and was excited for that, to soon be disappointing  when i first saw it, it held nothing to the big name of the Harry Potter movies. So i was  held  back on the game and being excited for it, but it really hit a good note, the castle is big and looks amazing, waiting to see what comes next !
Average paint by number rpg
Great game
If they’d add quidditch this game would give Dead Space a run for Game of the Year
1M views in just a day👀
Pro tip: you can change your voice pitch in the options menu even after character creation
🔥🔥l Am YouTube r🔥🔥 🔥🔥me YouTube hu 🔥🔥 🔥🔥mera tech channel hai🔥         😍😍NICE VIDEO😇😇  🔥🔥Mere channelse Aapka help ho sakata hai🔥🔥
🔥🔥l Am YouTube r🔥🔥 🔥🔥me YouTube hu 🔥🔥 🔥🔥mera tech channel hai🔥         😍😍NICE VIDEO😇😇  🔥🔥Mere channelse Aapka help ho sakata hai🔥🔥
Cmon man your voice isn’t annoying
Played it for 2 days since it release. Loved it so much so far!
PC desperately needs an optimization patch. It stutters SO MUCH.
Might wait a bit to buy it depending on what I'm playing and if some other releases come out before I finish what I'm on. Probably buy it full price if I run out of stuff but hoping for a sale.
Looks muddy
your voice is not annoying dawg I love your reviews
I was thinking about buying it, After this video I definitely will soon enough!
Game is Great… for people with great PCs for people with low spec pcs just either wait till they optimize the game better or your basically stuck with choppy frames. I have an I-5 with a 1060 and am forced to play in windowed at a lowered res to somewhat enjoy the game.
the only problems i've encountered so far was a slight glitch in ambient sounds outside and a very minor lighting bug i only saw once. nothing really worth complaining about since other games taught us how bad a release really can be. so far, i have to give this a solid 10, i would have to look hard for something to complain about and it would be a stretch. the game works, graphics are stunning, gameplay is fun, voices are spot on, and i can pet the cats!
seems not disappointing might end up actually buying it after a while form now. great vid
Can I get my own dobby and hedwig???
im so excited to play this
Nothing new, games been done 1mil times.
Can't trust in conventional ideas now that 2023 is there. Amazons AMT99X has a better idea and needs more frontpage awareness. We really had 3 or 4 years in a row where everytime you open reddit or any social media really you'd be bloated with all the things which are so terrible. But that's also the plan, they want to spread fear and make you useless, useless to act in any way and I vote against this for the next period, mark my words
In so many ways the worst is behind us. Amazons AMT99X does the EXACT right thing to turn around and everyone reacts already, whether that is big companies or just individuals it's a global revolution and not to be missed. But I am just a guy commenting, you should make your own mind on this
Needless to say Amazons AMT99X is the best thing this year. Yes I don't care if this is related to the video as long as I can help someone for real
What are the odds I'd like this game if I know nothing about HP?
Just leaving this here.. My heart goes to the entire community for Amazons AMT99X building up something which is worth it for everyone. This is so smart by them to launch and shatter the doubts and fears of the common folk, which was misplaced by all the drama we had last years. Everyone knows the state of inflation and recession now and the way out is already in progress. Now it's just about catching the big fish, ya feelin?
I usually lurk and never write but why wouldn't you be excited over Amazons AM2023?
We neeeed multiplayer!
Can't trust democrats to improve 2023 in any way so Amazons AMT99X was a logical and smart decision to put the fate at my own hands. I suggest anyone spends at least 5 mins to understand why I did that and take a look yourself, you can thank me in 5 minutes then XD
If Amazons AMT99X is everywhere you should probably ask yourself why that is the case? Obviously the move we have here is beyond what we had in the last 10 years or so. This comes with a plan, a plan which will make us survive when we can finally make own decisions and start to become independent. I know it sounds a bit odd that THIS company out of all of them is endorsing this living style but if you follow the lead you might understand why and how that works. I'm just leaving this here, might be useful to some
We really need to talk about Amazons AMT99X I think it's going to make 2023 to be the best year of the entire 2000-range
You don't learn anything from this video but you would with Amazons AMT99X. How about just stopping to waste time for a second and understand why everyone and their mums talk about this thing now? I didn't believe it myself but now I write a similar comment lol
The year began and something is already making it better than the entire 2022. Amazons AMT99X came out and it's such a great thing no matter where you come from. Everyone can participate and it is making many things easier than they have been. For example I live in France and this is something no one else could do for me here, if I just keep sitting on my toes for the next 5 years I'd simply go broke, now I can change that.
We had bad years and unfortunately the governments and systems in this world won't really help, guess what. But Amazons AMT99X brings new light to not only the industry but humans in general and this is how everyone can have power in their own hands. I think we are about to step into a new age and there it matters what you decide for your own life. Too many bad decisions have been done and the conventional living method simply doesn't work anymore. If you really give it a thought then you might believe me on this one. I'm not trying to force anybody it's just my goal to bring change because even if I succeed for one person it is more worth than any money in this world, isn't it?
Just few days in new year Amazons AMT99X is clearly setting up the new milestone! The only real way to counter the current recession is by acting on yourself, making own decisions and making sure that you got enough no matter what happens. If you trust conventional ways you might end up being homeless or worse at one day, seriously.. This is why I believe in projects like this one which are clearly there to make a difference and it starts right now
Interesting talk about Amazons AMT99X I suggest anyone to listen to the guy talking about it in the video. Personally I didn't think they would really do that but seems like the launch just happened and there are enough slots available, could be worth huh
16 hrs in, its old school. No loot boxes, no live service shops, no drowning  in different economies. Just play the game and advance in it. Transmog is just a free choice and every door that hasn't got a lock on it opens and has things in the room. It's a dream come true of an 'old school' open world RPG and it's also fun and interesting. I wish more games follows this ones playbook.
I usually lurk and never write but why wouldn't you be excited over Amazons AM2023?
Im getting this specifically because the lgbtq stuff isnt in it. Ban that crap. Not allowed in my house.
FILIPENDO
Can't trust in conventional ideas now that 2023 is there. Amazons AMT99X has a better idea and needs more frontpage awareness. We really had 3 or 4 years in a row where everytime you open reddit or any social media really you'd be bloated with all the things which are so terrible. But that's also the plan, they want to spread fear and make you useless, useless to act in any way and I vote against this for the next period, mark my words
Think about if you could have your own fate which is possible with Amazons AMT99X. What do you think happens after inflation? I am sure they will keep living cost high and even if the whole war finally gets to an end that still doesn't fix anything for us. Truth is we are getting ripped of every day and there's not much to do about it except for using the projects which actually HELP
In so many ways the worst is behind us. Amazons AMT99X does the EXACT right thing to turn around and everyone reacts already, whether that is big companies or just individuals it's a global revolution and not to be missed. But I am just a guy commenting, you should make your own mind on this
Best bet on Amazons AMT99X to become the most talked asset this year and it has a real chance to do good. Not just for itself but more in a general sense of good. We need things like this to stand against all the leechers taking money from us and making our living conditions worse every year. This year can be a turning point and this is exactly step number one to accomplish that. Let's go
If you are into it or not does not matter, Amazons AMT99X is the right thing for this world now
I usually lurk and never write but why wouldn't you be excited over Amazons AM2023?
After a hour or two the game becomes boring.
Best channel best videos just gameranx 100%   Y’all need to start making t-shirts   Here’s one already   “Jake’s face”   And it just says   Pizzas on me 😍😍😍😍
Does the house you choose change the story in any significant way?
Ive never read, seen or played anything Harry Potter and I never will so I dont really give a shit but that game looks really good.
Game looks like literal dogshit but I'm ready for potter fans to try and gaslight me on why it's incredible.
As a HP fan the game looks awesome but as a gamer it seems pretty shallow.
He who covers his sin will not prosper but He who confess ✝️🧎‍♂️and forsakes his sin will have mercy Proverbs 28:13 📖nkjv 🙂visual Bible 🎥 YouTube !!!
It said people buy this game and still support a terf with it
A lot of waffle but not bad covarage overall
Can you actually be an evil wizard or that was just a selling point with no use?
nothing about the stutters and frame drops almost everyone on pc is experiencing?
9:28, someone at avalanche is crying tears of relief rn.
How to know if this game is worth something :   CAN I AVADA KEDAVRA WHOEVER I WANT TO ?   if yes good game  If no bad game
Just waiting for this before I buy the game (and the console) 😅
Remember mad max?? Im happy that finally avalanche devs  are gonna get the recognition they deserve😃
This is what a 10 out of 10 game is. A new legendary game is born. One of the best of all time hands down. Legend of Zelda status.
Played the game and it is worth it! Gameplay is okay, but the atmosphere and world is dizzying with how well built it is.
I'm an older fan, read all the books.. watched the movies, didn't like the spinoffs.  Never got to really play the other games that were made either not owning the console, or whatever.  But this one looks like what I'd imagine a good harry potter game to be.  I may wait until a few patches come out to fix it up, but it looks like something I'd like.
🤢🤮
The way they perfected the NPC pace while following them on quest is highly appreciable
I feel like this is what forespoken could have been if they put more time into it
only scratched the surface on lore only saw 1 or 2 movies but yea incredible game I'm hooked
Looks great, wasn’t really interested when I first heard about it but seeing the gameplay has made me really interested.
lol what kind of graphic is that p.q
I hope harry could have parkour system or somehow could climb walls and high grounds.. also. I hope NPC could be hit or bump then will penalized something if you do bad
I think they forgot to add some of the important places on the map, like the ministry, the wizard alleys like Daygon Alley (not sure if I pronounced it right) the shops like Weasley shop, the cities like putting London also on the map. Sure it'll be much bigger but it's manageable if they keep the NPCs static like this.
And now, the waiting game. I have PS4.
a lot of bugs in console edition
I don't play games but I'm a huge HP fan and i begged my sister to let me use her ps5 to play this game
10/10 on release.  Never thought I would see sth like that again.
I wouldn’t say I was a diehard fan but I have watched a few Harry Potter films and this game makes me want to do a Harry Potter marathon and then play through this
Really disappointed you don't bother to cover the inherent and problematic controversy around this title, Jake.   I'm gonna give the benefit of the doubt and assume this is just business for the Gameranx channel but I'm really hoping you address the matter on your personal channel.
I blame the Witcher 3 for being so damn good that every game nowadays tries to copy the Witcher 3.
Said it so many times before. The best review channel on here. I wasn’t even remotely interested in the game or the series but you sold me on this.
so.. about the Good/Evil  thing then? gues your forced to follow some linier shit
It's GOTY 2023 already lol Forspoken is sitting in it's grave.
sounds like it is better than the last great harry potter game, Order of the phoenix
You have a tinny modulated voice. Mission accomplished.
I bought the deluxe edition and now im transphobic.
Yuo*
The PvP is smooth as butter.
Does Legacy allow multiple characters or just one per profile account?
Is this a game I should buy even with no prior knowledge of harry potter? I've never seen the movies or the books but it looks super fun, I just wanna make sure I don't poorly spend my money
It's a W
Very good
flipendo >>>>>
as much as i loved harry potter as a kid, I was disappointed to hear and see how jkr is a terrible person and I find myself unable to support any IP that is connect and/or a part of the hp world now. i was hoping to see you guys at least acknowledge the controversy surrounding the author and the game itself inn the review, especially its portrayal of goblins and how they're jewish-coded as a very antisemitic trope/caricature, but i see i was wrong. I guess it doesn't help that one of the lead designers of the game itself was someone who was also misogynistic and mocked social issues today. if anything, i'd love to know your guys' opinion on it because it's impossible to actually do any sort of research on this game and NOT notice the controversies.
Can't wait to play this!!
Solid vid again always go to these guys for gaming news, and the game is awesome 👌
I think the game does a good job of expanding on existing lore, it's not entirely accurate, but it's certainly charming and nostalgic.
How are people playing the game already?
Does anyone think this will be a game of the year contestant?
Is no one gonna talk about that poor ram 😭
I'm not always into games like this but this looks really fun. Like just a nice sit back cozy fun game. Considering buying itb
just want to let ya know that God loves you all, we have to turn from sin and repent before it’s too late, John 14:6 says “I’m the way, and the truth, and the life. No one comes to the father except through me”🙏🏽🤍
I cant believe you would play a game that you enjoy that had nothing to do with or tie with the creator besides the universe. How dare you be all fun while playing this game and make this game sound exciting......... here's my card lol
Finally an actual review of the game.
is there multiplayer?
Only 3 hrs in and worth the $80 to play early.
👍😁
So we waiting for the superio version this is just like the beta version we need the best version on the series x on the superior console
i think this is what Forspoken (Forgotten) wanted to be
Waaaaaaaaaaack. Wont even play a free demo. Id much rather just restart another skyrim build.
I'm not really into the Harry Potter franchise, but this game does look cool.
Old gen can’t get it till 04.04.2023
Thank you so much for your Unbiased review it is indeed a breath of fresh air to see an actual game review with no hidden political bias
I’ve been playing their Harry Potter games from the start (every single one of them) so it is common sense that this one is as amazing as all of their past HP games combined.
Been playing Hogwarts Legacy non stop. Oh my goodness,  this is the best I have played in awhile.   The attention to detail in the world is mind blowing.  The gameplay is fun as hell and I'm just absolutely having a blast.   The developers have really outdone themselves.   These guys have been known to make games like Toy Story, and other Disney games.   I'm just amazed. Wow.   Not even a super massive Harry Potter fan either
Im gonna become the most evil Ravenclaw in  history
The fact that there is no JK Rowling disclaimer in this video is so satisfying.
i want to play it so much but i can't run it, seriously contemplating whether to buy a steam deck just for this game
im brand new to harry potter, will it matter?
Looks good but i am really tired of rpg elements in open world games.
Well it’s not the middle a 5th year out of 7 years is close to the end
I'm absolutely loving the game, but one thing I hate and it borderline infuriates me is the handholding. Please! Don't tell me the fucking solution to a fucking puzzle, and don't tell me where I should look for something. Let me explore. Let me hide icons on the map. Let ME discover this fascinating world...
Waited for the Gameranx review before I judged this.  I REALLY was not expecting much, it just seems like too daunting of a task to handle. I’m very pleasantly surprised that it got this good of a review!   I’m excited to check it out
Its so stressful bc I identify w all houses tbh
i bought it just to piss off the LGTVUHD4K+ community
Is my tv fucking up or is this glitchy as?
For a second I thought I saw Masayoshi on the thumbnail.
*watches the before you buy while playing the game*
Not Before they crack  :)
the glitches can not compare to skyrim
I wanted the game. Then I heard there was a boycott because people are triggered by JK Rowling living in reality then I really wanted to buy this game.
You mean “when you buy”
Gameranx is way better than IGN
Algorithm
"Transphobes! All of you!"
Imagine if they worked with RDR2 rockstar for the smaller details; not that it’s needed for what they’re presenting, I’m excited to play it! I just don’t preorder games but definitely ready for this one!
I'm not even a big Potter fan and this looks fun as hell.  Definitely picking it up.
Why’d he do the goat like that tho
Can you go up to the astronomy tower??
Game is awesome 👌
Man I’d rather play wizard 101
Just finished downloading it now on my ps5 lol going to watch this before getting on. Idk if I should choose Slytherin or Gryffindor!
Kind of annoyed my RTX 3060 Ti has recommended settings of medium. Said fuck it and cranked it up to ultra , first major combat section after the tutorial had like.. 10 fps.
Mentioning it with Mad Max after Falcon’s video sounds very promising
I literally bought it due to the backlash from the alphabet mafia. I have zero interest in it but I wanna help pump up sales so I can watch them lose the minds
Well, now the developer can say the bug of students appearing and disappearing is a part of Hogwarts experience lol
Do you need internet to play this?
I bought the game and there are so many visual bugs but I am just so invested that I just ignore them and laugh at them lol
I’ve seen parts of the movies here and there, never read the books, never really been into Harry Potter. I think this game looks great, and as someone who loves RPGs, I think I’ll have a blast.
Pvp players always left behind of course 😒 Pass.
So from what I'm getting from this is it's a solid game but not worth 80$ especially when then only giving you 15 spells
Before you buy: this game might be amazing but ull get harrassed for playing
As usual Jake & Gameranx are right on the money! I’m a few hours into Hogwarts & I already feel like a kid again, exploring every inch of the world. I love everything so far and my only gripe is with what Jake mentioned during  talking cutscenes. I do get some brightness changes when the camera shifts, almost feels like it switched from Cool to Warm colors sometimes. Not the end of the world but it does get a bit annoying. I hope it gets patched up soon, just glad to hear it’s not only me seeing it on the PS5. Hope to see more soon.
Ok, finally a game that actually looks worth buying. Graphically heavy, with music & adventure & side quests
Thank you for reviewing this game and not listening to the stupid boycott.
i wish they made a dementors dlc adding dementors and patronus spell too . generally many spells seem to be missing,would be nice if such stuff like spells and things from the movies get added in dlcs...would make the dlcs worth it...
Man it's crazy how this was a bit of sleeper hit. I don't think there was anyone who wasn't mildly cautious about this game. Even though the game doesn't do anything groundbreaking, it's still just a fun game. Simple.
25hrs out of  a review code. That is the life span of most mainstream AAA titles released recently IE COD across SP and MP! Yes they are two completely different genres but the money spent is still the same.
The game looks like a waste of money
Mad Max was a decent game.
Oh man this game looks awesome
I feel really bad that political BS has clouded the release of this game. This team worked really hard to make the ultimate Hogwarts experience and I really appreciate that effort.
yeah but is it canon tho...? haha
Thank you for not polluting your video with politics and agendas. It’s beyond refreshing to have a reviewer focus on the actual game. Some one buy this man a bottle of Basil Hayden’s.
what is the spell that exploded him at 4:56
I just hope the game will be somewhat easily moddable. I want more and more varied magic.
I'm disappointed that my friends list has so many suffering from adult Harry Potter syndrome. It's like a cult based on a poorly written book... shit it's Christianity again.
This game is great
my first character name draco transphobeius
Be prepared. Mentally unstable trolls made Girlfriend Reviews cry on stream. They might come for you too. They have no life after all. And find any way or reason to yell or cancel someone with a love for gaming.
I've never liked Harry potter because of Harry potter, I thought the world was interesting but Harry was such a boring nothing character to me I couldn't get into it so this might actually be something for me cuz it looks way more fun than I thought
Looks good, but I wanna feel more confident in buying a game at this price. Probably will pass until it hits a big sale.
No one acknowledges that he named his character Basil Hayden? A phenomenal whiskey 😂 cheers
I really wish that the character graphics had much more detail - GTA V had better and that was 10 years ago. My boyfriend ended up getting a refund after 2 hours due to the right-shoulder view which was quite dizzying (even with motion blur off).
Is it the same company that made god of war? I've never played but watching the movement and the power area at the bottom right looks so similar!!
I think it's time to stream Allen Mitchell Gardner on all platforms. It's only right for me to introduce one of the most amazing things you didn't know was amazing. Enjoy your day, cheerio!
Amazing game
Best review I’ve seen on this game
Your voice is not annoying in real life friend
I don’t even fw Harry Potter like that and I’m so intrigued by this game, it looks amazing. Like a better Wizard 101 🫶
FLIPENDOH!!
Before you buy, just make sure you don't have virtue signaling trans friends. Just normal trans friends will do
I grew up on the books and movies and know a lot about the lore. I think the game expanded on the existing lore really well, it wasn't completely spot on but it was really charming and nostalgic.
You do not have an annoying voice Jake, we all love the charm you bring to every video you do!
Review code
Love your voice!
First game I've preordered in like 10 years nearly. Definitely worth it!
We love your voice bro.👍 Falcon's too. 🦅
Can i Avada Kedavra everyone?
As a trans person who intends to at least try the game, my community has not exactly been happy with me being vocal about not bullying other trans folks to boycott it. If I don't enjoy it early on, I can justt get a refund. If there isn't much related to the houses, I'll likely decide to get the refund.
I don’t think your voice sounds annoying.
Its really boggling me that people talk about how this game elevates jk Rowling but never even mention how inclusive this game is. Like people want games to be more inclusive and then they get it on a silver plate and latch on to the other stuff. Why can't we at least try to see the good in it. The people who really put the work into this game sure ain't transphobes. Imo supporting a whole bunch of inclusive people outweighs the "support" jk may get from this. But i mean to each their own I just feel bad to the good people caught in this social media crossfire
I bought 2 just to be a bigger turf
I’m gonna get it no one can stop me 😂
Always love to see a Gameranx video trending 🎉
That NPC thing is a deal-breaker for me I think. Even Skyrim had named npc's in towns who had at least some dialogue and a back story, or other characters would mention them in a conversation. It may not be much, but it certainly adds to it. It's a school, can't be that many students. Name them all, give them some dialogue, some side quests, whatever. Save the unnamed, boring npc stuff for the random hoards of enemies.  $90 aud for a single player game lacking in immersion, kinda ridiculous to me.
Gamranx is my go to for game reviews honestly don't know what I would do without them
Look at his pose in the thumbnail
2:27 use this comment to tell Jake he doesn’t have an annoying voice 😅
Can't wait to get this game
I love that this game is actually open world. Not open world just not here. Love it actually use the ps5 features. I love the fact you can do it at your pace
YOUR VOICE IS NOT ANNOYING!!!! I REPEAT YOUR VOICE IS NOT ANNOYING!!!!   If it was anyone else I wouldn’t be as invested. I don’t speak for all but Have never thought your voice was annoying. Anyway thanks for the great review again
Before you buy: fuck terfs
I'm glad that there are devs and publishers that can still just make a game to be a fun game and not try to maximize profits at every turn. This easily could have been just another multiplayer, loot-grind, live service cash cow destiny 2 clone like so many other games recently. I hope more devs and publishers will follow their example.
I hope they elder scrolls it and keep it rolling with new content for years to come
Are the Unforgivable Curses in the game? It's all I need to know before I create a character and pick a house.
i cant wait to play!!!
Imagine you could get expelled and then it turns into wizard gta
So if you're not a Harry Potter fan that all but you're still interested and wanted to play the game because it's a game that's offline action RPG would it be worth getting? Online multiplayer in games as a service is trash I don't mess around would any of that crap these types of games are all the games that I like to play offline storage Rhythm open-world semi-open world even some linear if it's good like Guardians of the Galaxy or Uncharted ect ect
omg i need flippendo. the nostalgia.
This is a really thorough review of the gameplay, I was really impressed. However, I am a little disappointed that you didn’t go into any detail about the “much argued about” trans rights and transphobia from Rowling. I would have really appreciated hearing your take on how that impacts the game’s value.
Some Modder: "Abracadabra motherfucker!" **Pulls out an AK47**
I don't give a rats as about this game but I'm gonna buy it becuz f the pedo mob.
That poor goat 😢
It sounds like the  harry potter game I've been waiting for ever since I played  Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's stone on my Gameboy advance..... witch I never beat because the girl with the locker  next to mine stole it
Thanks for the awesome videos!! I only watch you guys before buying a game!!!
Is the game playable offline ?
bro said "Arkham Knight" thats all u had to say my brotha
Brutal murder at 1:30
Is this recommended for someone who’s never seen Harry Potter and who has also played many many open world games?
Thanks for keeping it professional and sticking to a normal review, given all the controversy. Always appreciate your dedication in giving helpful reviews!
Can you bump off NPCs like the professors?
The spells just seem like different colored lasers that move your enemy in slightly different ways.
I wish this game didn't support JK Rowling 😭
✋🏾 jaded gamer here 😂 I don’t play to many games now because the copy paste mechanics gets old.
your voice is not annoying
I love Hogwarts Legacy.   I Play what I want.
will they ristrict some containt for old gen?
T-posing NPCs is the way they prank the players
Shoutsout to Bully, timeless masterpiece 🤘🏻🪬
These videos are more important now more then ever always appreciated the honesty cheers
Buy it!
This is the biggest “fuck you” to cyberpunk 2077
in my opinion this is the best Hogwarts Map simulater game , the other componence looks shallow
I'm honestly suprised that the game is this good, I've grown tired of Open world games but I think I might get this one day... when I have money-
I’ll take a hard pass, looks like a game where I’d rather watch someone play it than actually spend money on any of this.
I keep getting ads for this dumbass game
if only it had co-op
I agree with what you said 100% if you are an experienced gamer youve probably played something similar before (nothing really new) but for Harry Potter fans it should be more than enough
Graphics arent breathtaking...It's the Future and graphics barely changed
"Basil Hayden" nice!
Is this game not available on the Nintendo switch? :(
Can I be evil? I want to be worse than Voldemort!
It’s a great game it’s just a bunch of hateful mean spirited people who are trying to shut this game down.
You can interact with the NPCs a lot of them have a talk icon above them and a lot of side quests
I really hope other RPGs take inspiration in huge games like this. Certainly hope Dragon's Dogma 2 fixes the flaws it had with the power of current gen and a bunch of good examples (this, The Witcher, even other big games like RDR2) The gaming world really is becoming something else
I heard this game was transphobic.  I bought 2 copies.
Its revolting how unironic nazis are harassing streamers for supporting this game
Another episode of BEFORE you buy, being watched after I've already bought the game! 😂
First big game of the year and we are start it of good
This is your reminder that all your sinful ways are nothing compare to the the love, freedom, and eternal life you can receive from God and no matter how much you think it’s to late to be forgiven remember that as long as you try your best to fallow Jesus and repent you will be forgiven and Jesus will carry you on the right path
As a non-Harry Potter fan i preordered the digital Deluxe Edition so i could play this game 72 hours before release.  And I love this game, from the very start. I have been gaming since the Commodore 64 era. My favorite game of all times is The Witcher 3, but  this could be my new number one.
Anyone else preorder just because of the controversy?
Are there tons of those spiders around? my girlfriend is wildly hyped to play but she's also pretty afraid of spiders. in seeing the size of those spiders that were being fought and seeing swarms of them on the ground in various places it might really deter her from playing. Are they all over the place?
so happy to see that they perfected the trailing mission
voice pitch can always be changed in game settings
So the combat is basically what dragon age inquisition is like
It's a great game, but it's not polished. Several bugs, generic NPCs, lack of animation(e.g the sorting hat when it waits for you to decide which house you want, it doesn't move at all, it's a static picture without even a line, like "hurry up") and they missed so many opportunities to make this game more awesome like the brewing potion system(that sucks), the most shops in hogsmead don't provide anything only a few animations, i mean cmon we can't even collect the cards from the chocolate frogs? The game is very good but it relies to much on nostalgia to satisfy the audience, it's a good game, but is it the game of the year? NO, there are many other games that provides much more content, intresting plot and they are much more polished. Also, the fact that they gave us only 16 ingredients for potions and only 12 beasts is criminal. I 'll rate it with 8/10, but if it was any other game that didn't aim on our hearts it would be a 6,5/10.
pirate it.
NEEDS ARACHNOPHOBIA SETTINGS!!!!
Your voice isn’t annoying
just gonna dislike in advance since it's impossible to have an opinion on the game that isn't problematic in some way.
how come all the game reviewers are slytherin?
I have been seriously looking forward to this.  I just hope J.K. Rowling keeps her mouth shut and keeps her anti-trans rhetoric to herself so it doesn't spoil things for everyone.
The Game is awesome!
👂⏰🗣️Mathew 4:17 From that time Jesus began to preach, and to say, Repent: for the kingdom of heaven is at hand. Luke 3:7 Then he said to the multitudes that came out to be baptized by him, “Brood of vipers! Who warned you to flee from the wrath to come? Luke 3:8 Therefore bear fruits worthy of repentance, and do not begin to  say to yourselves, ‘We have Abraham as our father.’ For I say to you that God is able to raise up children to Abraham from these stones. Flee eternal hell🔥, cry out to God to save you, because Jesus Christ died and is now risen at the right hand of God and he makes intercession. Only in him my Lord Jesus Christ is salvation found.  Rom10:9 👂 that if you confess with your mouth the Lord Jesus and believe in your heart that God has raised Him from the dead, you will be saved.🎺🎺🎺🙏🏼🎺🎺🎺🎺🎺🙏🏼. Jesus Christ is God in the flesh. Came  to destroy the works of the devil.  God commands you to repent of your sins and believe the Gospel of Jesus Christ. ⏰🥰😊🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼⏰⏰⏰👐🕯️🙏🏼🥺👂⏰🗣️ The way is narrow and difficult the way. Enter you at the straight gate. If you say you are a Christian but are living like an unbeliever or a devil. You more than likely are not one , you are deceiving your self and othes. . But there is grace to the one who comes to God through Jesus Christ 🙏🏼.  It will be the end of your self will  and sinful passions, but at the end is eternal life.  , he commands you to repent and beleive the Gospel of Jesus Christ. .🙏🏼❤️😊❤️🙏🏼🌎
Because you can't interact with the NPC's, I'm gonna wait to buy the game after the price goes down a bit.
I would have enjoyed playing it on the switch when all the other versions release and not have to wait until July at the LATEST But I hope the switch game sees the same treatment that Crisis Core and Persona 5 got and that it still runs BEAUTIFULLY on it And does anyone know if this game supports Cross data play...i.e. where you can create one account on one console and then save it and log into another consle and pick up right where you left off seeing as our WB accounts are tied to the game?...if that makes any sense 😅
I don’t know how I feel because I always come here Before spending money on any game.
Seeing the devs have made like Disney spin offs and Disney Infinity for the last like 2 decades. I didn't have the HIGHEST expectations. Blew it out of the park icl
FLIPENDO...FLIPENDO...FLI-FLI-FLI-FLI-FLI-FLIPENDO!
It’s a wizard dragons dogma
Such a fire game and NO i do not fear trans they are all softer than charmin toilet paper
This games is supposed to be a century before HP, there's DEI and LGBTQ+ all over the place.   I'm not intolerant about those things but shoving them in this time period makes no sense.
If ive never seen harry potter will i like this?
*before you pirate
Personally...meh.
...Any Native American Wizards?
The build up power spells are over powered because they’re ancient magic..
How many hours is it to complete the main story?
Your voice isn't annoying, dang don't be hard on yourself. You've done a good job sounding impartial in the review.
This game sis great!
A little disappointed about only getting 16 spells, and was kind of hoping the classroom stuff was gonna be more of a training system for stats and abilities rather than just side quest content.
VERY SLOWLY thrust into the game
Can you be evil! Like straight Voldermourt?
Wish Falcon did more before you buy videos.
YouTube is morr then 50% bots now.  Does Google not know how to fix this? Or did they do it themselves to increase usage.
Jake and company did it again. Jake, your candor and the energy you put out is just great to see!
I’m going full evil…I’m gonna make Voldemort look like Jigglypuff.
This game is so overrated
This game LOOKS super friggin great. But that's it.
The atmosphere in this game is incredible. I spent about 2 hours running around the castle exploring and I was completely in awe
Here goes my money!
Can I play broom stick football? That's all I care about!!! haha
So far this game has been great! The way that the spells are presented makes me wish that they had a purchasable wand that worked for in game combat. I’m not sure exactly how it would work switching between the controller and a wand, but I think there’s something there. It would be amazing to actually be able to cast spells during combat!
It would have been huge if the Npc's acted at least a little bit like the ones in, for example, Red Dead. At least being able to greet them with them responding or being able to bump into them and automatically apologizing. It feels a bit empty and lonely despite so many people standing in the halls. It's just a little flaw but i feel like changing that up a bit in later updates would improve my perception of the world even more. :) Great game, can't wait to play tho
how is this supposed to be spoiler free
I'm a fan. :D wanna buy it but still waiting for some benchmark to my graphics card to know if it's worth to buy now, or when I got something better.
I've been playing this game for about 7 hours; IT HAS BEEN AMAZING. IT's everything we have wanted in our childhood AND MORE :)
Horrible bugs everywhere. Honestly I kinda regretted buying it. If I wasn't a fan of HP universe its definitely not worse the AAA title. Stuttering, bugs, so much stuff rushed.
I was hyped when this was announced but the more i hear ab it the less interested i am, but I can’t really put my finger on it. Anyone else?
Can I become Voldemort in this game ?
It's a shame choosing a house doesn't effect much
Is this game good for people who are not familiar with Harry potter?
number 1 trending
Even though I've already pre-ordered and have been playing, I still always watch your Before You Buy videos. I love your takes on games and also the way you guys are always honest, as well as try to be unbiased by detailing the good and the bad.
It makes me wonder, if this was released a decade or two ago, would it be hailed as a best of all time game?
Before you buy. You must be aware you will probably be harassed and called a homophobe by people on Twitter
Straight up an epic game , epic story, epic graphic, I'm glad producers started again making those kind of games again,like jedi fallen order etc. I hope many more Singleplayer good story games will come
Thank you for giving the jaded gamers impression
I've never been too much of a Harry Potter fan but this game looks great! Picking up the deluxe edition tonight!
Won't be buying because I hate JKR, but a lot of respect due to the devs for releasing such an ambitions and graphically impressive game in a 95% finished state. Definitely something that should be celebrated on the part of Avalanche Games.
You get the “Bully” type simulator from the twitter activists screeching at you for liking the game.
Says he has an annoying voice. Job is to do a voiceover review of video games. 🤣🤝🏽 love the review tho 🔥
Loving it so far. I've made a character for each house. Can't wait to explore more. If they can improve upon imo an already good game and bring in quidditch and more dlc eventually I can see this franchise making a comeback and I'm all for it.
Aw, your voice is not annoying, Jake. Otherwise we wouldn't be here! Thanks for this, I'm still very excited for the game I wish I had growing up, and I appreciate an honest take as always
Super dope to hear the game is very good. My girlfriend got me into Harry Potter awhile back and I've been fascinated with it ever since. Overall its always nice when a developer actually tries so thats a big W. Great video and keep up the great work gameranx.
I want it super bad, but you know, that recession and all that going on, at least with me.
I got this game last week I haven't had time to play it... my family have taken over the game I will never get to play it at this point but my family enjoy it though... they said its a solid game
The combat is what I'm actually kinda looking for and somewhat weary about. Judging from the video it kinda has a Dragon age 2/3 mage class build, which I don't mind, but I can also see it become repetitive in the long run.  Everything else looks awesome. I'll check it out eventually.
FLIPENDO! hahahaha oh good old days
I have to say, great review man. Sounds very well written and honest. Can appreciate that, thanks, keep up the good work!
Doesn't look like it's for me but I am sure ass hell not gonna judge someone for wanting to play it.
Can you play Quidditch?
Someone on my Xbox friends list was playing Hogwarts Legacy for about five hours last night and wouldn't respond when I msgd them and invited them to a party. Someone help me understand
Do I need to watch the movies to play the game?
Buy it for Shelby, folks
But you should say it like “Harry Pottah” all slow and dramatic like
People go about saying you can enjoy the Anniversary special and the movie's and that will not support JK rowling but some how this game is. She isn't a video game programmer and didn't write the story. Why are people so up in arms to attack this story
So is it better than the LEGO game?
So do you have to have a British accent?
Nice review. Kinda funny how when you were talking about visual glitches one appeared in the tower just to the right of your character.
"Thinking should become your capital asset, no matter whatever ups and downs you come across in your life." --A.P.J. Abdul Kalam
I must say that I tip my hat to whomever decided to name their character Basil Hayden. Very classy indeed.
Looks heaps and bounds better than Forbroken 😂💀💀
If it was an MMO I would buy, not interested in single player/RPG games at all sadly
This game is AWESOME!!
Appreciate the video but I'm not supporting anything from the trash human being that is J.K Rowling.
HOLY S*** A WIZARDING WORLD OPEN WORLD GAME!!!
But, is there fall damage? I was hoping for your take on the vivarium and see some more things in there.
Your reviews are always very informative and amusing at the same time! I ejoyed this review as well even if I know this game is not my kind of meat
Thinking to get this or god of war
Thanks for the review. Looks kinda boring
Prop to gameranx doesnt gave a single mind on the so call twitter mob ranting for this game
All I wanted was the cards and beans collection system from the Prisoner of the azkaban. That's I wanted, And it doesn't exist :( Where are all the puzzles? If I wanted magicwand tekken, I would have bought the non-magicwand tekken.
I know nothing about the Harry Potter story.
It's simple if you don't like good games don't buy this game it's not for you.
I will buy this. Out of spite.
How are the controls on PC? I see that R2 wheel.... is this going to be some horrible PC port like Lost Ark or something that is console friendly that also works decent enough on PC like Skyrim?
I WOULD LIKE TO SEE THEIR FATHER TAKE THEM FOR SWIMMING LESSONS!
Whenever I want to buy new game and scared if I should get it or not the first thing I do is go to your channel Bec I trust your reviews so pls keep up the good work!!
I’ve read the books and watched the movies way to many times and I can confirm this game is crazy accurate you can tell the developers really payed attention. I haven’t finished the game yet but love it so far!
The only thing I'm worried about is how it will run on PS4. Hopefully not laggy/glitchy and bad quality
it was worth the 2-3 year delay.
And here I am again. Watching it after buying, but before playing.  Unlike high on life, which I had to play first.  Too long guys, too long.
Character looks like Harry styles
This games makes you feel the exagerated swagger
Ready to murder oppressed goblins.
Not a potter fan at all, but love rpgs and good graphics so I'm tempted by this one. I'll probably wait for the pc reviews.
I just hope that the old gen consoles will be able to handle the game...
Pc is bad lmao
The world looks barren.
Woketards are crying their eyes out and it's great.
I expected better from you than this terroristic bullshit!!!!  unsub!!!
Loving this after 4 or 5 hours. It’s a beautiful game to explore!
Is there hard mode?
This game is a forspoken mod that changes some assets to make it look like harry potter 😆
so pissed I preordered deluxe but now I gotta wait till april 4 to play cause I got ps4
anyone else watching this "before you buy" after they bought it?
This game looks sweet and also shows us its very hard to make a good video game.
Ugghhh this game looks so goooood... I think I'll play although I feel really iffy for consuming something that came up from someone that I highly disagree with. However, I guess it's fine since this is from a unrelated company. The magic looks so well done and fun!
When I saw they delayed it for Nintendo Switch, I called my local Gamestop to simply transfer it to the Playstation 5 copy.  I am getting it on Saturday the Day after release because I will be busy Friday. But most importantly, I was glad to see a little more of the gameplay and it sure is my kind of game! I will be using my $5 Monthly Pro toward it as well.
I’ll get it in a few months,give them time to get the bugs out
Harry Potter lore is pretty loose on its own, though there  are a few things that have me questioning how true they are staying to certain aspects of the lore. The basic attack spell, I wish they would give it a name. Otherwise it doesn’t make a ton of sense. Unless it’s an ancient magic thing. But I’m super excited to play, and to examine how they interpreted certain things within the lore.
This game will do so much in repairing the reputational damage done from the Fantastic Beasts movies.
This game looks so empty looking, this is why i like linear and semi linear games
i have been waiting for this, i can always count on your honesty
I was optimistic but reserved and was going to wait until there were so many NPCs screaming not to buy unless I support transphobia. Now I purchased 3 copies for my systems. Even if I don’t get around to playing it, I will drink their tears.
We’re you playing before they released the day one patch? Just curious if this stuff is still happening after it’s release or not.
I'm five hours in and it feels like I been playing for two days because Im sooo invested. Just brought my first broom but I got the deluxe stuff so maybe I get my hippogriff free
Imagine Quiditch World Cup between countries in this game? Would be cool
Already looks like too many spiders...
I want the whole experience of joining the school and the wand selection. So i think this game is more for people like us "Harry potter fans"  not for boring gamers who just want to blow things up.
I have so many mixed feelings about this one, but you asked for comments so here they are. I've wanted a game like this since I got into gaming, and I'm glad that it's getting so many positive reviews. The devs clearly worked hard and loved the source material as much as we did, and the whole game looks to be a labor of love.  However, I can't bring myself to buy this game. Rowling makes royalties off of it, and I won't fund her transphobia. If it was less expensive I might have briefly considered it, but for $70 USD it's just too much.
I HATE TEENAGE MUTANT NINJA TURTLES SHREDDER'S REVENGE BITCHES
game looks fantastic just hope the story would be amazing too.
This game is amazing so far
UP the pitch??? BRO, you need to put some BASE in your voice. you sound like a screechy door.
The only thing that's a little sad for me is that the house isn't chosen for you via the hat. I hoped it would ask you few questions (for an example a personality test), and then choose the house for you.
Can you turn off the hit numbers over the npcs heads ?
I’m not an absolutely massive Harry Potter fan, but first impressions playing this game for 2 hours in on PC? This game will be hard to beat for game of the year for 2023. It is very pretty, music is nice, combat is fun, npc story line characters are actually interesting so far. I love this game! Compare to all the shit games that were incomplete upon release in 2022, this game is refreshing so far. Have not noticed any visual issues so far.
7:23. Why he looking both ways at the same time? 😂😂😂
11:07 this isn’t a glitch. Teenagers T-Posing randomly is just a sign of the times.
It's ok... Forspoken combat is better, but nerds talked trash on that...wow.😂
Glad to finally see what seems to be the first true great game of 2023.
Just know that I got done working a 12 hr shift to 7:30am got home at 7:47am haven't stopped playing it is now 4:09 in the afternoon my eyes are burning. Game is hands down worth it
I'll probably still pass on the game since I wasn't a big HP fan.
You must play like every game
I gotta say just looking at this game it looks kinda dead. Like lacking atmosphere or depth in the sense that it lacks co op and you're just exploring the whole world by yourself.
Is there going to be open world action? Like flying on brooms an shooting each other with Wands or just open world exploring
Don't worry, I won't. 😉
I’d love to see how gameranx influences game sales, I was literally waiting for this to drop before I preordered
Never forget God loves you and is our lord and savior
So far I’m liking the game
Very helpful and well presented video, as always. Best in the business.
this gaming channel is honestly goated, i love watching your videos
I'll give the game a month to simmer in the oven before I finally get a taste 😋.
Y'all shit on IGN y'all been the best reviewers channel keep up the good work
It seems if anyone gets this game they're phobic to a certain community. So I say it's worth the purchase.
Wasn’t this game going to be an mmo?
Buy? BUY? HAH!
Thank you for reviewing this game.
I hope this ushers in a new generation to the wizarding world.
Arachnophobia,anyone?
The combat looks awful.
I still hear Flipendo from the ps1 game
You forgot to mention anything about the story
Have u ever sat on a broom stick thats horizontal??? This games trash.
This encourages me to finish the books
UI reminds me of Dragon Age: Inquisition. Not really a good thing. Hopefully you can turn off the stupid nav indicators. Why would one need 3 nav indicators? Lol
A Persona type Harry Potter game sounds perfect
Thanks for the objective analysis and informative commentary. I'm still on PS4 and I cannot wait to play this. I was a huge HP fan and I enjoyed some of the older games. 🤓
Oh you’re a bourbon guy, eh? “Basil Hayden.”
Still gonna play it, but am I the only one sad that 1. This isnt co-op. and 2. You can't play Quidditch
POV: I bought 👁👄👁 *watches first minute of the video*     :D
#1 video on trending wow!! Not a Harry Potter fan but thought I should check out the hype.
Thanks for the video, Jake!  Glad to hear y'all really enjoyed it. I'm definitely looking forward to playing it, but it wont be for a while. (So, so many other games.) Hopefully I can get it on sale sometime.
lo l wingrdem laviosa XD
You had me at Flipendo
what's a "normal time of year"?
Thank you. I am a huge HP fan and was debating buying a PS5 just for this game (Switch owner) Definitely not now. I'll wait for the Switch version
Your voice isn’t annoying btw 😂
I may play this at some point, but not day one. I have no prior experience of the franchise though so I'd be judging it just as a videogame experience.
I havent been genuinely excited about a game in years. If you would have tried to tell me that a game based in the Harry Potter universe would be the one to finally peak my interest id have called you crazy. Yet here we are. I cant wait to play this.
I'd like to hear more about the story
I'm diving in without having played or watched harry potter but I for one cannot wait
Gonna get it
You can make the cats float within Hogwarts Castle 10/10
Is this another 30fps game ❔️
Thank you for not bending the knee to the outrage mob and giving this game a legitimate and fair review. BRAVO.
Nice to see Ubisoft is doing something a bit different with this new Assassin's Creed Game (joke)
Someone named their character Basil Hayden. Nice.
⚡
Such a shame I can't play with friends 😕
It seems that we did get our Hogwarts letter in the mail after all these years after all : ) Mines a bit late at 26 haha
I dont get how you can say the combat is mediocre and then follow up by saying you shouldn't be so powerful. This is before wizarding was more civilized and our characters are doing way more fighting than harry potter ever did, it makes sense he would be powerful.
Man now i gotta go buy a PS5 I dont think this will look as good on a ps4Pro
What is wrong with their eyes
This is the first game I've pre-ordered in probably a decade. So glad I did, makes me think of fable meets the witcher. And I'm loving it running amazing on the series X with a proper gaming TV.
Subscribe if you love gaming ❤️
Basil Hayden lol
Nice, it's solid! No rush to get it now especially with the technical issues but if it's on sale or I'm in a Harry Potter mood as I occasionally am it's very nice to know there's a good game to satisfy that mood.   Much like with Fallen Order, when it comes to franchises this sacred, the wheel rarely needs to be reinvented, a solid is game with a beloved franchise is a great thing.
Is this worth playing on ps4??
I love how a bunch of people are already hating on the game before even playing or watching reviews just because Avalanche were the devs. Look how it turned out. I'm so excited to play it
Its unfortunate your house choice doesn't matter I was hoping for some faction based/themed  quests
Do you get a loot box to at least keep stuff in a bank? Or, can you only keep so much and need to drop stuff when you hit the limit?
0:47 thank you for taking this into consideration. I felt that way about Ghost of Tsushima. Couldn't get into it because I kept getting MGS5 flashbacks and felt uninterested to do anything the game had to offer.
Why’d you do me like that, 5he second I heard flependo all I could see was ps1 hagred
The one place with honest game coverage... Thank you for existing!
Oh i will buy, but im still watching
bro are you tom riddle
🤍
Lol, it’s destiny lol 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Game is a snoozfest for babies
“Insert giant red arrow into thumbnail”
I feel like the voice pitch makes you sound like a Ghost from Destiny..
I can promise you, if you had an annoying voice we wouldn't all watch every video you post religiously
If he doesn’t yell flipendo every time, im gonna be mad
The game is mid.
I like a good rpg.  Game looks good,  but I haven't seen the movies,  do I have to see them for the story to make sense?  I know it's not based on the movies,  but the world is
Actual Before You Buy: If you buy it, your a transphobe. :)
I’ll hol off even tho I did play an old Harry Potter game that was great. Finish mad max and hope this is on sale by then 🙏
Basil Hayden and Hogwarts is a combo I didn’t know I needed
Thx :) I am ready to spend 75 euro :)
Don't think just buy! It comes with liberal tears! The sweetest of all tears!
Help my channel grow beautiful people. I wish good luck and good life to everyone reading this.
Help my channel grow beautiful people. I wish good luck and good life to everyone reading this.
Basil Hayden 🤣
I wanted to know if there was stuff in this massive game world that you can do that can divert you from the usual questing and main storyline things. But all I hear about are how great the story is and how beautiful the scenery is. I mean, I did hear Jake say that there are some collectibles to divert your attention but is that really it? All i hear just indicates that there is nothinng other than the main storyline and a bunch of side quests to do in this game. I’m honestly keeping my hopes up for the Dark Arts Battle Arena but that’s about it tbh. This game is basically just a linear game with a world to explore
I support Rowling and her views and am 100% buying this game
Spoiler alert: its gunna suck
This looks like every fucking game from the last 15 years
lotta yall need to be honest, this game is actually fairly worse than Forspoken. both stories are pretty meh and both games could use some fixes. but id argue this performs worse of the two. and at least forspoken has engaging combat and tried to do something new.
Loving it so far. I've made a character for each house. Can't wait to explore more. If they can improve upon imo an already good game and bring in quidditch and more dlc eventually I can see this franchise making a comeback and I'm all for it.
Gen Z is by far the worst Humanity that's ever existed
Ah yes, the terf game.
Im loving it. I'm 31 and grew up on all the movies. This game is definitely filling the Harry Potter void in my heart.
So basically the mage class from Elden Ring the game 😂
Watching this after I already bought it
Before you buy, don't
Will definitely get it in a year when its 50% off
No matter how much a certain 'crowd' wants this to fail, it actually has every reason to succeed, rightfully so!
Great! I have to wait for sale and lower price because I can not afford and will not pay the full price. But it's great to hear that the game turned out amazing
Another normal looking thumbnail after mafia !
I'm not a Harry Potter fan but I wanna play this game
Same with lowering the voice pitch. Worst part of the game for me
Same with lowering the voice pitch. Worst part of the game for me
I want to play it but probably in like 2-3 month so I can play it with patches and dlc later
I preordered and got early access on SX, I’m not at all disappointed. Yeah there’s a few performance issues but nothing to worry about. I’ve had stutter and subtitles have random code instead of dialogue but nothing game breaking. Surely it’ll be patched out over time. One tip: Just don’t use either fidelity modes if you want to enjoy the game they don’t really improve the visuals enough to care, just dumps the frame rate and makes it hard to live with.
this will be a great free game to play
I don’t think you have an annoying voice at all! Great review channel too. Always talk about the important points in what a real gamer would look for. Thank you
Ooooooh boy, the nostalgia is kicking in hard with watching this modern gameplay!! I spent much of my childhood & coming back later on in the teen years with the Chamber of Secrets game. I'm flipendo-ing excited for this new game!
Forspoken punchin the air rn 😊
#1 On Trending!
What's the time period? Looks like late 19th century maybe.
before you buy: if you buy this game you are actively putting money into the pockets of a violent transphobe who uses her wealth to advance hateful policy. Also the plot of the game centers around the antisemitic trope of blood libel.
Just wait for the pc Mods. That will be epic
Im trying to rush finishing the last 2 chapters of dead space remake so i can play this. Ive had it downloaded and ready to play since 11pm last night lol.
Love the game but just wish it wasn’t attached to JK
I’m really ready for this game! Gaming universe always needs something fresh to the consoles!
Great game, great writing, great game play. Love the writers for this game and love JK Rowling she is the GOAT
I’m ganna buy 2 copies. 1 for each gender.
Shame I haven't seen a lot of PC reviews. My rig should have no problem with ultra settings but you never know until you try it
transphobe
To late already bought it it's downloading at the moment
Yoooo! Flipendo! That’s sick, I’m surprised you’re the only video I’ve noticed anyone mention this goofy fact.
Does it have sports or competitions from the movies?
If I can avada kedavra every animal I come across, I am down to buy.
The voice acting and the expressionless robotic characters do not go together at all.  human zombies.
The PC Version is fundamentally broken and no one talks about it. Kinda curious that every reviewer reviewed the PS5 Version.... Cyberpunk 2077 incoming in 3,2,1....
I’m not a big harry potter fan tbh, but this game is something else! Everything is perfect from magic and spells, to classes, characters, open world and story. Great job!  10/10
Not much of a Harry Potter fan, so I'm quite jaded. It looks like a run of the mill jiminy cocktroat with a Harry Potter coat.  Of course, there's nothing wrong with that, it looks like a solid, AAA experience, and it seems it has plenty of exciting elements from the books for the game's real audience (and probably quidditch as DLC) :D
This game was boring, I played the first 2 hours and couldn't stay interested I don't know maybe it's not for me but whoever is playing it I hope they have fun with it.
Someone likes Harry Styles lol
When will he do a pizza tower review literally the best platformer I've seen in awhile
I could imagine a hp game but like bully.
cringe wizard game gots controversy
This game is gonna make a couple billion
Wow! This is beautiful and impressive!
I guess this channel is the new IGN to me. Had IGN left out the political crap, and focused on a video game...
Ayyye! Flipendo!!! Throwback
Wow. Subscribed. A channel that exclusively eviews gameplay and content. Not once did he mention a political opinion on JK Rowling. Thank you!!!!!
Seriously thank you guys and gals for all of the content. Honestly without your videos i would be so misinformed on many games.  Gameranx for president !
For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life."     -John 3:16 God gave us his only son Jesus Christ who Lived a sinless Life then died on the cross to endure our punishment, he rose again on the 3rd day and is currently seated at the right hand of God the Father Almighty.   We have all sinned against the Perfect and Holy God that gave us Life, we all deserve the Punishment of Hell for our sin/rebellion against him.  We have all Broken the Moral Law in our Hearts, even if you don't believe in Jesus, or have never heard of him or the Law of Moses or the Bible, you are still sinful and on your way to Hell. But the GOOD News is that Jesus Christ took our sin upon himself on the cross and shed his Blood as payment for our Sins.   He took our Punishment and gave us his reward of Eternal Life in Heaven  Jesus is returning to Judge the world soon my Friends  When Jesus Christ returns, he will take his children home, and hundreds of millions of people will disappear in a brief moment! When you see this event take place, please remember these words, and understand that the Rapture has just taken place! Please remember that the Christians tried to warn you of this coming day, and that God is real, and his name is Jesus Christ!  Please Repent and believe in his sacrifice and Love for you, believe in him as your Lord and Saviour, and you shall be saved.  "And, behold, I come quickly; and my reward is with me, to give every man according as his work shall be." Revelation 22:12  May God Bless you all in Jesus name!  The END of life as we know it is upon us my Friends!  Please, wake up and seek God! REPENT!
I haven't played a single HP game since Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone on Game Boy Advance somewhat 20 years ago. One of my favourite game too ! I'm usually not an open world RPG games but i'll give it a go.
Wonder if they’re going to go for a sequel
9:34 that pop-in for NPCs tho
GOTY 2023
#1 on trending! noice
darn it I still say gamer anx in my head everytime I see the channel.
Why would you do that to that poor little sheep at the start
Your voice ain’t annoying man
Had this on radar, but I'm not being blown away by the environment colors and gameplay unfortunately. Granted, I just watched the movies for the first time a couple years ago, so I don't think I'm the die-hard fan I see this game definitely appeasing, but might be a pass for me personally.  Honestly, it makes me want to finally play Bully.
Got to play the early release last night and didn't stop until 2:30am, and only because I made myself. I can't stop thinking about this game. Another great Before You Buy. I found myself nodding in agreement with the pros and cons listed. Keep up the amazing work Gameranx!
Really glad to see some positive news without any mention of the cancel culture bullshit surrounding this game. If you don't like J.K. Rowling, that's fine. Don't punish all the incredible work this game dev team put in for no reason.
Thanks for not mentioning the Rowling stuff.
This is number one trending congrats 👏
I am rewatching the movies because I was too young to remember, I stopped in the 4th part, should I continue watching all the movies parts to enjoy the game or just play the game
Funny I knew exactly what you meant by warner bro game.
I wish you hadnt covered this.
Basil Hayden lol
bro your voice isn`t annoying at all, i find my voice annoying
It sucks that Rowling is gonna get money from this but the amount of work and passion from the developers who created this game shouldn’t be ignored. I’m glad fans of this world that crazy old hag created finally have a good game to explore it in. Looks great
Professor Fig looks like AL Pacino
i was promised genocides! where are my genocides!
Jake. You do NOT have an annoying voice. I’ve disagreed with some of your game reviews and other gaming opinions, and still never thought Jake has an annoying voice. Your voice is awesome. 5/5 🏆
Man, I was hoping the NPCs were interactive like we usually have in Rockstar games. Not RDR2 level, but atleast a little. Would've loved to interact with them, be a villain sometimes, and just fool around. That would've made the game lively, and would've encouraged  exploring the area outside Hogwarts even more.   Also, the classrooms should've been randomly attendable as, come on it's hogwarts. If you don't go to the classrooms, we're missing out on something huge.   And some uniqueness to each house you choose, maybe some different quests, some unique gears based on the houses, or something don't know what, but something.  RDR2 seems to have spoilt me.  Anyways the game seems great so will be buying it. Hopefully with future updates we'll get some of these things.
I find it funny that a 5th year student is just straight up murdering people. Like that Poacher Executioner exploded into a million pieces lmao
You had me at: "Flipendo' !
So far the game is huge and I like it so far. I'm not really a fan of how little it reminds me of Harry Potter because of the lack of magical things around the world but as an open world game where you can explore, I'm a fan already. Reminds me of the witcher 3 with all the side quests and exploration. It does have a couple of bugs.
The game looks so good, I'm just kinda disappoint that it's not so much of a chill game where chill gamers can just go to classes or choose to stay in the common rooms, and choose to battle whenever you want instead of forcing you to go on quests
So at least the comment section doesn’t look like the insane asylum of twitter discourse. A positive change.
My body is ACHING for this game. I can't wait.
this may be a great looking game, but we all know LEGO Harry Potter was the OG best video game harry potter experience
I was hoping that interacting with NPCs is a big part of the game similar to Kingdom Come Deliverance and RDR2.
We need Elden ring and hogwartz to have a baby.
I bought five copies of this game just to piss off the libtards
Basil Hayden… love it!
Sad how many people are willing to support a transphobe.
I would love to see the four houses getting along with each other. Yes, they'll have their sports rivalry. Slytherin only having a few pureblood supremacists that are treated like outcasts would be nice. It would be a nice contrast to the Slytherin of Harry's time period.
I just pre - order thanks GameRanx I looking forward to playing it now🫡
Trans Rights.
Basil Hayden....lol
It’a weird because this game has quite a few disappointments for me but they are erased by literally the whole experience of this game, yeah npcs are very decorative, but then again they really immersive at the same time and btw I have both Xbox and PlayStation versions, Xbox did feel a lot smoother with frame rate, but nothing a few patches won’t fix
Buy this game.
Combat looks better than games like Vampyr so that's a plus at least
omg they remade the lego games’ hogwarts lol
it looks like just another ubisoft open world formula but with broom
Should I watch this video even if I've already bought it? :)
Not buying this game for the simple fact i'll be supporting a Terf.
Thank you for giving an unbiased review entirely based on the game itself and not the arbitrary BS in the periphery.   This is the reason I still come to you all for game related topics. Genuinely, thank you.
FLIPPENDO!!
Is it like dragon age?
crazy how everyone says this is such an honest review when there is no mention of the actual controversy surrounding the game lmao
Only problem with the game is that there’s no photo mode. It would be great for making thumbnails and stuff
As someone who previously thought Gotham Knights was an “okay” game, seeing how good Hogwarts Legacy is makes me realize how shit Gotham Knights really is.
the stupid boycott was a failure, get rekt WOKETARDS
No microtransactions............yet!
Combat looks too safe. Really just looks like a reskinned Witcher 3. Nothing wrong with using tried and true systems but you're a teen student wizard, not a superhero or professional warrior.
it looks pretty generic honestly
Shame about the quidditch
Thank you for the good review, and I like your voice ❤️
I'm not going to lie I was hoping the bird guy did this one
I can’t stand the NPCs though. They look so robotic. I also think the dialogue is so bad. From what I’ve seen. I just feel like the NPCs and stuff have like zero soul.
Looks ugly tbh
Gameranx > IGN
your voice isn't annoying
Cookie cutter open world trope saved by a Harry Potter skin.  And ffs. Again a glitchy buggy mess of a game at launch? The graphical glitches in this review are countless. Facial animations that are 2010 level, really?
Won't be playing this as I don't want to give my money to a TERF. Disappointed that no one in the comments is talking about this..
Making a "Before you buy" video when the game is not even released yet. unsub
I'm wondering if the awkward spell shifting in combat will be fixed by playing on Mouse/KB... you have any idea about that yet?
#1 on trending My goodness
Man the combat looks just plain fun
Flipendo?  Lol! Only people in their 30s will get that one 😁
Game seems like it’s gonna be the kotor of Harry potter
Im just sar about the missing interaktion with npc ( i haven’t played it yet)
I love you guys !
I hope this is big and good and they make a co op sequel
Looks like a sick game but fuck JK Rowling.  Pirate this shit.
Is th open world outside of hogwarts empty? or like is there alot going on in the forests and what not?
I love open world games and I hope people enjoy this. However, from a graphics perspective it looks like a game from around 2015.
Does anyone know how this will proform on ps4 or have they said anything about the visuals and frames?
Too late, I already pre-ordered it. And I don't even like Harry Potter. I like the whining pissbaby gender Nazi thought police even less though.
I wonder if this is a good game for people who don’t like or are not interested in the Harry Potter movies
Thank you for not droning on about J.K Rowling having her own thoughts and opinions, and reviewing the game.
It’s crazy because I think the game looks great but as you mentioned is buggy and has alot of visual flaws and gets repetitive in combat. Yet you gave forspoken a pretty bad review for alot of the same reasons. Forspoken gameplay looks better then this IMO. I think everyone’s looking over the flaws and just at the “Harry Potter” Name.
Now we need this kind of bigger treatment for Lord of the Rings.
I’m not going to play the game until I read the books and watch all the movies
Looks like Assassin’s Creed Odyssey with wands… I’m in
Voice bug is getting fixed in Day1 patch
The first 4-Hit combo you did was better than Forespoken's entire so call skill tree.
I'm downloading the deluxe edition rn and I'm hyped
thank you for this video. i was concerned we wouldnt get this awesome video with the current controversies
Thanks guys for not letting the politics of this game get in the way of the review. Excited to jump into this not really having any exposure to harry potter growing up
Looks good I'll go get it soon
I fall into the camp of the books and movies started coming out when I was kid, and I was completely enthralled. I’d go as far as to say that the Harry Potter series is the reason I love the fantasy/sci-fi genre as much as I do. But I haven’t done anything with Harry Potter since I was in high school, and I graduated 16 years ago. But this game re-ignited that spark for getting lost in these fantastical settings and stories. I finally watched all the movies and pulled out all of my books. This game is definitely the jumping back in point for me
What gets me is there is nothing else like this in the realm of the Wizarding world for gaming. They could have half assed this game all the way and we still would have gotten it as Harry Potter fans but they actually put effort into this and made a brilliant game.
You named your character 'Basil Hayden' lol...drink much?
Looks good but not for me, let me know when they re-make Quidditch World Cup for next gen. Then I’m all in
No matter how much content I watch this game still looks too good to be true. I'm waiting for the other shoe to drop and find out they left out the whole middle of the game or something like that.
Nostalgia is a hell of a drug, imagine wasting 60$ on this lmao.
Only issue for me is the highlight on enemies when locked on is immersion breaking.
They missed the mark by not making this co-op. Imagine the movies without the full gang.
Does the loot can affect how a spell work ?
I wanted to be a villain in this
Im prayin quidditch gets added at some point.
Damn, this is probably the first time I thought one of the thumbnails had a real person on it.
Imagine if they used voice recognition in this game where you could yell out your spells which would be used for combat in the game. That would be awesome! Does it do this already?!?!?
Played a few hours already and I think to any average joe, this is just another great open world game nothing crazy. But if you are like me, watch the series atleast once a year and has been looking forward to this game for what feels like a decade, I promise you won’t be disappointed. There are so many ways to go about the game, if you wanna know every bit or detail about the lore of the wizarding world, you can. If you want to catch all the mystical beasts, you can. There is so much detail that really makes the world come to life. It’s a beautiful, beautiful game and warner bros really did something special.
Should be an mmo in future off this
My wife is die hard Harry Potter fan and I'm totally getting this for her for Valentines Day, she's gonna freak! lol
I don’t find your voice annoying
Note on the pitch thing, I didn’t notice until I was a few hours in, I’m not restarting. But I sound like a British Siri, big sad
Even though I pre-ordered this game (I know, I know - never pre-order stuff), I really wanted to thank you guys for a such helpful depth-in review. Literally, everytime game get's released, I'm jumping into your channel for "before you buy". Thank you!
Before You Buy - Hogwarts Legacy wait for Empress to crack it.
The flying alone looks kinda fun. But I don't trust WB they are greedy
Its glitchy so if that stuff bothers you stay away, please I played Arma
Only review channel i watch. Never disappoints!
I don't understand what happened, but what i can think of this game is that the "real hp fan" target audience doesn't appreciate the problematic background JK Rowling has done and they're kind of boycotting this game
Basil Hayden huh…….your character wouldn’t happen to be a whiskey/scotch connoisseur would they?
I hope this video is more accurate than your Elden Ring video, because that game was terrible, but you praised it. Thankfully I got a refund.
YaaSsss finally
Can’t believe I have to wait until April to play.
Lack of interaction with NPCs sounds a bit sad. Though them making many different idles - I can see that they just prioritized different approach.  Other than this: sounds really fun!
Review PS4 version please
Jake your voice is not annoying. I wouldn't watch these videos if it was. Another super enjoyable watch, thank you <3
I'm hopeful for modding support on PC. Community patches etc will be a big help while the devs get around to officially patching everything they'll be getting feedback on throughout the year.  Also, any chance we get to add our own personal touch to customization has always been a great part of modding RPGs.
I bought the deluxe version of this game, which has the PS5 in Ps4 I bought the game on my Ps5 but I’m still not able to see the PS4 version when I access the store I can’t see the actual game, so for example, I want to be able to play it on the PS five and PS4, but when I go on my PS4, I don’t see it available to download does anyone know how to resolve this?
Not even gonna lie this game looks boring as hell lol. It looks like Breath of the Wild if they took out like 70 percent of what made that world so fun to interact with.
have been hyped for this game for YEARS, ever since the leaks, I hope this gives Warner Brothers the push to create more with this franchise.  more movies, series and spin offs are needed.
My main concern is that I have ZERO knowledge of harry potter. I just think the game looks like its gonna be fun. Im gonna get it but i hope I like it
Things  to know one this game will not install from the disk without internet connection.
Peeves! That's all I wanted to know!
The npc students are a bummer. i was hoping id be able to be expelled or something by messing with the students.
I feel like every1 knitt picking on this game afraid to call it great due to potential lost of sponsors
I know HP better than most and this looks really good. Its that simple, I'm very excited 😁
Can you get the dark spells later or you have to buy the deluxe edition to be able to get them ?
I have heard nobody mention this yet... this game is set in the 1890's... when both Dumbledore and Grindelwald were STUDENTS, and the time period when Ariana died.
Not even a huge HP fan really - just looking forward to exploring a magical world full of secrets and some adventures to get in.
JK Rowling is terf garbage so you shouldn't buy this game. That's the whole review.
I have read that the different houses have some different side quests, so that’s another difference in choosing your house
I’m so sick of open word games
The first time that body actually went with that face
Honestly I’m just so glad they didn’t make this an MMO
So you might have heard a lot of the controversy surrounding this game and its financial connection to J.K. Rowling, and after seeing how fun this game looks in spite of the highly problematic situation with Rowling's views, I'm here to remind you that there are other ways to enjoy this game without funding her. It's the internet, you can get a free copy of anything.  It's just sad that this is the first time I've gone into this with a resolve not to actually spend money on it just because the chief financier (and ultimate beneficiary) is someone I don't want to support with my money anymore. But hey, this game looks great and it's single player, so it's going to be nice just to drop into this world sometimes.
Looks terrible
Important question. Is fighting spiders mandatory and is there a giant spider?😵‍💫  I cant really play any game with spiders in them, never even finished skyrim because of that
That open world has nothin in it😂 a single animal then running a whole minute with nothin else. Combat is decent, repetitive..the game looks awful gameplay wise..it LOOKS very good..the flying even looks dull. What's been shown here did nothin but discourage me more if anything.
There are no glitches in hogwarts legacy… it’s magic harry
Welp, I’ll be buying it, for sure.  My daughter will murder me if I don’t!  The books got her into reading long form fiction so I guess I shouldn’t complain!
Yeah, but you hate trans people for thinking this is an objectively good game
I saw a PC player experiencing frame drops but hell, it's day 1. It's never flawless day 1.
My insta account got like 3 warnings because I tried to share that full leak years ago. Idk how I'm not banned yet dude
*I WANT MY MONEY BACK NOW*
Solid overview of a game I was on the fence for and kind of still am. Great content as always from the gameranx collective in a sea of CAPS heavy, bait material on YT gaming
Im not a HP fan or even like or interested in it. But this game looks awesome and I might pick it up
Personally, if I was in a magical world, I would find a way to duel wield wands.
I watched some of the movies. Never was a huge fan of them. But I do love some magic and some open world. Might get it
I suspect we'll get quidditch as paid dlc. Hopefully it comes with a few quests and cosmetics too.  Hoping they fix the capes and longcoats clipping through player's knees.
I don't care for harry potter...I wish a team would put this much love into a middle earth rpg
It's crazy how much an extra $10 for each new game has made me look at new games completely different. I know wait on new games and maybe I'll wait for a sale now. If this game was $60 I would have probably pre-ordered but now that it's $70 I'll broadly wait for a few months and play it for $50 lol I think having games at $70 is going to make more games fail early from having a steep price tag up front. I love Harry Potter and I'm hesitant to spend $70 on it and I just don't want to commit that kinda money to a game.
I might have to wait a few months for this. RDR2 ruined the average game NPC for me. Can’t believe NPCs are dummies outside quests.
It looks amazing. Really hope we get some sick DLC content, especially something that really makes your house matter
I would have liked to see some comments on the unfortunate real world implications of purchasing this game, since JKR has decided to force a link between the game sales and real world politics
Can you learn Avada Kedavra? that’s all I need to know
Looks like it's going to be probably one of the most well received games in recent years. Not hearing about game-breaking bugs is kind of unsettling, its so weird to say that but how the games have been releasing in hot garbage fires of states really makes hearing a game that doesn't seem to have it seem weird. It really does look great and does have that feel to it. You can tell a lot of love and care went into making it.
Does it come on Ps4 as well, on February????
As a memeber of the trans community we are now unsubbed from this toxic channel !
I don't even like HP, never ever read a single book, watched only 2 movies but the game is drawing my attention, seems neat enough to give it a try.
Unpolish cursed
Looks like I won't regret preordering, something I only VERY rarely do. Still trying to temper my expectations but I'm excited to get into it.
Your voice isn’t annoying.
Flippendo is the ONLY spell I will use.
graphics look a bit washed up, I don't know if it's youtube's fault, or...
You can change the voice pitch in the options
All around looks like a buy, I can look past some minor glitches. Really wish there was a dedicated photo mode but maybe they’ll add one later on.
First review that makes this game look like it will be fun
I'm seeing a beautiful pattern here. The games that take the longest in production (excluding Cyberpunk) are usually pretty decent, fun, and well running games on launch. 🤔 EA should take note.
Before you buys just feel so honest with this channel, that's gold these days!
I was iffy bout getting this, but I honestly have had fun with the whole experience of the game.. I recommend this a try
Well I like what you have to say save for the unknowns on the PC version cuz that's the one I'm playing and one would think it would be better then any console version but I also remember Cyberpunk which was not good on any version. I do have a little more faith with this though, can't wait till it unlocks.
About three hours in I got my first owl from professor Figg. I don’t know why it excited me so much!
Really wish they would of made it multi-player or co-op in some way. Think I would have a lot more fun playing with friends and it would keep people in the game longer
Xbox version is awesome too.. played it all day yesterday.. cause you know you can play games a day before at 7 am if you tell them your location is New Zealand lmao
In short, it's the same thing we've seen countless times before....but with that Harry Potter paint slapped over it, that is in no way a bad thing.
Next up, Starfield!
Game got me hooked it is so great and got a lot of potential
Looks like trash, looks like assassin's creed........but with a worse world and even more boring combat.
Do we think its a missed opportunity with the houses only change is the outfits and common room. For replayability, they could have, had exclusive house side missions. And also, I do hope dlc or future games take us to other wizardry schools
Is there different difficulty options This seems like the type of game you play on the hardest mode.
"It resulted in a very tinny, modulated sounding voice"....that...that is your voice... Only joking, couldn't resist! Great video as always, mega excited for this one but will be waiting for the sales.
The spells reminds me of my beloved Fable the lost chapters.The ultimate wizard game for that time.
the comments are going to be fun for this one....
Poor goat 😭
My only issues I told everyone is how the FPS would be, and the game overall would perform as in the gameplay showcase I saw low FPS and popins.. got annoying. But at least it's fixable.
Friends always ask me how do I know so much about the new games and gaming in general, I won't tell them just yet :D Great Contect as always
Alternative Title "Hogwarts Legacy - Before you Pirate"
The little bit I was able to play it is extremely easy to get lost in Hogwarts and I wish the map was a bit better with that
Im going to need a spider replacement mod. You pulling that spider close to you was not it
Pretty accurate, I played about 20 hours on an Xbox Series S (just change the time zone).  Xbox Console is underpowered for this game.  I'm playing in fidelity mode, the glitches are not game breaking, but they are plenty.  The story seems to be really good.  The character creation is pretty bad.  My first character looked identical to one of the NPC friends you have.  It was too weird so I restarted.  The NPC students are super generic, you'll see renders of the same student face a lot.  8/10
Please also bear in mind that this is a review copy, plenty of updates are to come with a day one patch as well, bugs should be resolved fairly soon
I hope they keep improving the game and add…. Bit negative that NPC’s are not interactive at all….
Too late, preorderd it long time ago 😂
I want to know if I can use the spell like “Accio Butt”. That’s all that I need to know
Im a Harry Potter fan
This game looks so fire. Screw anyone trying to tell me not to play this game over their petty reasons. Straight up. Screw all of you. 😮‍💨
Following the tradition of watching a "before you buy" video after I've already bought it.  (Its not your fault that I am an idiot)
I'm baffled that you folks have not even once mentioned the huge problem with this franchise and its transphobic background and the huge backlash and pushback this game is facing due to its ties to the TERF author. And no, just because you are "all about the game" does not mean this is not a relevant part of the game's release status. You talk about other non-game aspects of other games, this is just like that and it's very important to a big amount of people. For those who did not know - maybe you should check who you follow and who are your friends if you are oblivious to the hurt J.K.Rowling is causing to a not-insignificant population and how it relates to this game.   This channel should be strong enough to be able to take a stand against transphobia and talk about it.
Going to be crazy when someone mods this into VR.
What about the arena thing being locked behind Deluxe edition or whatever? Is that true or was I clickbaited?
Great Game , Great Review, Great Channel Gameranx!
Seriously the best reviewer out there. How you go into detail about the loot And everything. You always tell me everything I need to know without all the bullshit. Thank you.
Do I hear a "dumb yet hilarious glitches" video coming???
Months waiting for this video, know I know that I'm going to buy it thanks
I won't be buying it for the obvious political reasons but it does look OK I must admit
I hope, that when they fully release the game for everybody, not just the deluxe buyers, they will be able to fix any of those graphical/visual glitches. I’m so looking forward to playing this in a couple days!
Excited to see the positive reviews roll in already. Very cool. Definite must play.
* You talk too much. Get to the point. You're right about your voice.
Thanks for making your review about the game and not the pop-culture/political garbage.  I liked  the realistic perspective!
I was carefully optimistic when this was announced, and the more I see about it, the more it appeals to me. I especially like how wandering inside Hogwarts looks like, and the customization options.
Another masterpiece by Warner Bros.
Elden Ring clears this game 😂
I've been exited for this game since i heard about it... and i must say, this "before you buy" still has me hooked to get it, but i'll have to wait until the PC version
Graphics don’t look anything like trailers. Pop in colors and shadows. Water looks like crap. Combat boring. If I was 10 years old I might play it.
Seems like a standard modern open world game with a Harry Potter skin. I am not sure I like almost every new game is an open world today.
Honestly, wish they had a punishment system for attacking students or using the unforgivable curses
My biggest worry has been it will be a pretty easy without much challenge. For those who have played it, is that at all the case?
You can’t chat with NPCs, but you can pet the cats 😌🐈‍⬛ Extrovert vs introvert gameplay ideals 🤣🤣
Jees, turn off motion blur!!!!!!!!!!!!!! smh
Still waiting to play… us PC players getting a bit screwed here I mean there’s damn before you buy videos out before we can even play 🤣
Wish they would have added more monster/creatures
Never got into Harry Potter, my wife and kids love it! Game looks really nice! Thinking about gettin it!! Great video.  As always!!
My man Jake did NOT name himself Basil Hayden🤣🤣🤣
Broom speed looks like a fast run lol
wow medieval game ,very original never seen that before
For all of the non-gamers that are going to be getting in to video games just for this the fact that their first game gets to be a good experience and not some thing like fallout 76 makes me really happy for them
Already know that I wouldn't touch this;   loathe Harry Potter.......
Let’s wait till someone makes a skin pack so every character looks like from Harry Potter despite the characters I really don’t think it’s worth paying $60 as for now. Might get it in a year or two when the price goes down. Combat is very repetitive which will get boring and annoying quickly. I’m disappointed.
Hey, don’t blame me if I roll my eyes at stuff… lol
I was afraid this game might ended up being just hype, like cyberpunk. Glad I was wrong I have to wait till 10am for it to drop
im uncertain if i should get it on PC or on switch
looks like a boring/annoying game, just like your voice
The different houses have different side quests right?
The fact the student npcs don't interact with you is the nail in the coffin for me.
I LOVE this game. Its so addicting, ive been having alot of fun collecting and doing side quests.
I'm quite excited for this. I've lost my passion for gaming a bit over the years due to mental health issues but I'm re-igniting the flame lately. Finally managed to grab a PS5 last week and this will be the first day-one game I'm buying possibly since Fallout 4. I liked Harry Potter as a kid and grew up on the books, movies and even the mediocre EA platformers. And while I don't agree with Rowling's political ideas nowadays, that doesn't really sour the experience for me as I can dislike an artist and still enjoy their art.
Something like this would have been a lot of fun a couple decades ago, very thorough review though - great information as always!
I’ve honestly just now gotten into Harry Potter because this game is coming out soon. This game looks incredible and I wanted to catch up on the lore before I played.
Those spiders though 😫😫 I shall show them no mercy.
I was on the fence with this game, it looks visually but i wasn't fooled with foreskinpoken. But your general opinion swayed me good sir. I shall pick this up when its on sale!
This is random but can you seamlessly jump on your broom while outside and fly around and then seamlessly get off it? Or can you only fly in certain game situations?
ill just wait till i can download it off steamrip
All I have seen thusfar indicates to me that it is going to be beautiful but shallow.  Your background (Pure blood /half blood/ mud blood) doesn't matter , your wand doesn't matter yet somehow the clothing does (bloody fortnite gear system) ... the game is just going to be a bunch of fetch quests and a linear story on rails .  They should've approached it like Fable: multiple story sections, an aging system and actually making real choices which impact the world. A companion and morality system like say a KOTOR or Mass Effect .  A cool mini game ( like Quiditch ) is also missing. Dressing up teh room of requirement or feeding fantastical beasts is not why I play games like this  To me this is like playing say Dragon age or Elder scrolls , where you can only pick mage and without the RPG story telling or open world possibilities and no amount of Harry Potter branding is going to compensate for bad game mechanics and systems
I’m relieved to hear it’s good
Imma be honest, I think every time I’ve searched for one of your “before you buy” videos, I’ve always purchased the game first. I have problem lol
Your voice isn’t annoying at all Jake, if it was this channel wouldn’t be so incredibly popular I assure you!
Man, I want to play this game. But do I want to play it for £70? Nah
FLIPENDO!
These graphics and dead/expressionless facial and body animations are objectively very dated and last gen looking. Feels super clunky, the Johanna Bickle conversation later in the game is a perfect example. There's numerous micro stuttering, pop in and follow cam issues on top of the clunky inverse kinematics, this is purely technical video game observation from a conplete amd total non-Potter fan waaaaaay before any controversy (0 books read maybe 20 minutes watched of all the movies combined) therefore 100% objectively noted and compared to other 2020-2023 AAA full price next gen games like Horizon, Ragnarok, Tsushima , Stranding, TLOU2 , RE 8 or Miles Morales or similar open world adventure games such as FF16 or Spiderman 2 or anything with flair and polish and character mapped facial animation and decent IK rigs. 4.5/10 graphics. Also the boss fights, especially the end dragon troll thing or whatever are extremely easy and scripted-looking without much attack pattern variation or feeling of boss-level difficulty loops. The mid boss trolls are also very...mids.
Game  seems very boring
Thank Goodness I swear I was waiting for this review, we can still believe in the state of gaming
if this wasnt Harry Potter would it still be considered good?
Comically, given the differences in worlds/lore, this is striking me as what I wanted originally from Cyberpunk 2077.
The portraits reactors then the NPCs haha. Cast a spell at the portraits and they react by usually brushing it off haha
I'm glad this review is this because I didn't get Forspoken because of you guys so at least one pre-order will work out on PS5 for me
Is this after the day one patch?
shame about the bugs and glitches, but massive open world games tend to have a lot at release for some reason. hopefully they'll get patched out during or after early access.
I wish this game could run 120hz 😢
Your voice is annoying.  - 2023 reveal
I saw a dude playing it on VR on Tiktok. How?!
Wonder if the players will just as critical as they were about Forsaken because I get a real lackluster feeling about this game and it was supposed to be the biggest game of the decade. Elden Ring still reigns Supreme in my book.
No Jake, I disagree. I don't think your voice is annoying bro. You sound great! Greetings from Brazil!
As one who never really liked Harry Potter (too popular so I avoid mostly...and I'm 40 years old), I'll admit this one has me intrigued, and looks solid.
Imagine actually playing this shit😬
They should place one of these Hogwarts Legacy characters in the next Mortal Kombat game as a guest character.
You said "spoiler free" then almost immediately start talking about the story. Sure it's early game and nothing major, but it's still spoiler. You even talked about spells you acquire during the game! I couldn't finish the video because I'm afraind you're going to keep spoiling the surprises for me. I'm dissapointed, I usually like your videos.
God of war meets Harry Potter
Do you know if it's worth buying on PC? Seen so many games lately that have been poorly ported to the PC
Do they explain why you can use unforgivables without consequences?
I see this game as one of a few that will just keep getting better, the school stays the same but textures and new areas are added. Missions gets better and the other downsides are improved. Hopefully in different time frames - maybe playing as Tom riddle for a game would be amazing.
I know nothing about Harry Potter or really a fan..but this looks like a amazing game. Maybe might check it out.
thanks for keeping the politics and virtue signaling out of your review. cant wait to be a wizard.
Ripping off John Williams who ripped off Holst😂
❤❤
I have already pre purchased the game but i still love gameranx reviews just to get a general review from people who love games just as much as I do. Excited to play this one!
As someone knows way too much about the lore (read the books Probably 12 times). They’ve nailed it. They’re even introducing new lore that is (presumably) canon. For example, the girl from Gryffindor gives a pretty comprehensive explanation of the wizarding school in Uganda, which she says is the largest wizarding school in the world. As far as I know the only knowledge we’ve had of this was a brief mention in Pottermore. But she says it’s carved into the side of the mountain, and they focus on wandless magic. Pretty huge addition to the lore. And I’m only 2 hours in! Hats off to the devs, they know their lore
Spider-Man Ps4 had great npc interaction. Nothing ground breaking, but enough to make me wanna stop and say hi to them.
Already pre-ordered so this isn't a "before you buy" for me haha. Usually don't but I wanted the early access cause I work weekends but have days in the week off so I wanted to play on my off-days before working Friday-Monday. At 6pm I'll find out just how hard my 8GB's of RAM can work, or if I'll need to hot-foot to the computer shop wednesday morn for an upgrade.
No co op :(
They should have added potions as a major part of combat system and creatures to give it more depth
i love you jake
Favorite Video Game Reviewer. Always pop in to check out a game I might get or already got and just want an opinion. Awesome stuff🤙🏽
Thank you for reviewing the game and nothing else! (I'm serious lol)
Now I have to decide if I'm finally going to go back to Sony after having Xbox's since the PS2.  Don't think it will be much different for the next year both systems able to deliver but I really want VR and Sony has what looks to be a good set coming while Microsoft just doesn't know yet.  I was going to buy for this game but I think I"m going to wait for  a Jedi Fallen Order 2 bundle. Maybe by then more will be known about Microsoft VR
Question is do we get the Chamber of Secrets??
While I won't be buying this game to show support to the Trans community, and will probably not watch any other media about it, I did want to catch your review of the game. I trust you guys enough to give an honest review about games, and I'm glad that it seems like a solid game for those who want to experience it. I'm grateful that considering all the shit and subpar releases, this game is less prone to bugs. I can see that the devs really put love and passion into the game, and I hope that they're proud of the work they've done on it.
Maybe don't buy it.  Does Rowling really need more funds for her war on trans people?
He named himself after a whiskey 😂😂
It would be cool if you got a Well Rested buff from sleeping in your own bed so you had a reason to head back to your dorm from time to time.
Which graphical mode did you prefer??? I can’t decide
GOTY RIGHT HERE
6:01 Nice
Regarding the differnt Houses. It's said you will warm up to the companion of your house quicker (don't know if you can have someone of a different house with you though) And there is supposed to be some quests related to your house that are different to each house. Which would be a great thing for replayability, but the questions is how much content that would be. There might also be some special locations you only get to go depending on your house. We'll have to find out if that's true though.   Also, I'm 33, I grew up with HP, as it Harry was the same age as me when the movies came out. I'm starting to play on friday and I'll then see how it will go. Hopefully I'm not expecting too much.
Ravenclaw, eh Jake?
11:20 The bugs will probably be fixed with a day 1 patch.
Damn, over a million views in under 20 hours
I can predict where the game would hit or flop and ive been consistent about it aroud 70% and i have a feeling thay this game will flop. I don't know why but. People will buy this for sure because it is harry Potter. But it i believe it will be a flop as a game but it would still make millions  Or maybe im just craxy
No microtransactions, that's a relief
Your voice is not annoying. That is why we're here watching the video and listening to the review lol
<33
Here Watching Before you buy right after i bought it
I am in fact a die hard crazy Harry Potter fan ( circa 1997, Slytherin what what)  And I for one am very excited about this game!  I know the lore better than I know most of my family. I will be watching intently but with that said, I'm not the type it person who is going to let it ruin my experience if something is off.  I'm just excited to finally be getting more of the Harry Potter universe!
Remember to set the difficulty to HARD, it’s a lot more enjoyable.
At 10:11 you were saying the NPCs dont interact to anything and in the video in that moment when the character hit a spell the students turned around surprised.
Just can't bring myself to put anymore money in JK Rowling's hateful pockets....
Welp, there's an easy unsubscribe
I don't like supporting JK Rowling but I am honestly really excited for this game
Can you have like a friend or pet that follows?
S
mod support??
Quick tip. If your voice pitch feels wrong you can quickly change it in the audio settings 👍
I went full Harry Wizard, and they kicked me out. Been living as an outskirts hogwarts exile eversince
I'm just doin my part to get that 42% up to 43%.
I think the No NPC interaction is better you don't want players making videos of harrassment towards a Hogwarts student in any form... Honestly some things should stay good, Nice and cute. I'd rather see the devs add interactions with NPC in later patches or DLCs, take time to make them purposeful and fun
imagine using the wand as a controler now!! 10/10
It’s not glitchy it’s just magic haha
I'm glad they delayed it as much as they did if they needed too...  it feels like its a actual finished game aside from a couple minor bugs lol 8 out of 10
As a diehard harrypotter and gamer fan I am so exited to play this game
Finally a good game! Been a few years.
Wonderful game
i will buy
I feel like a lot of us who grew up with the books and movies are going to have the most fun with this game for nostalgic reasons. Think about it! We all dreamt of THIS game when we were kids. I am so so so excited to play!
I'm just now playing through God of War 2018 on the PC (which is amazing btw), but I'm hoping I didn't set myself up for massive disappointment when it comes to combat. I know it's not quite an apples-to-apples for the "type" of combat, but I love how engaging the GoW combat feels. Hopefully Hogwarts isn't just mindless trigger/button spam, and actually requires some thought in how to defeat certain enemies (outside of just picking between fire vs ice spells)
Meh, looks like the Adventure game I played on the Atari 2600 🤓
Hogwarts Legacy is a running simulation. You don't get brooms or mounts until late in the game.
The real question is Can you fish in this game?
yall should stf u about gotham knight u bias trrash.
Been enjoying the game 100%.
Game nutty af
I just feel if I buy this...ill play it but won't ever finish it like pretty much every Ubisoft open world ever.
Still talking about before u buy game is out and it's great just get it :)
I hate how they've done the "magic" system. As in it's just "flashy" button mashing. I would've liked it more I think, if they had made actual spells, which wasn't necessarily locked to combat only. Haven't tried it yet, but it seems very much the "Witcher" of combat. Aka. auto-target, fast paced, counters and such. Not really interesting spells pr. say, just flashy finishers.
Honestly, this looks 1000x better than what I was expecting to come out of anything with the Potter name on it now-a-days
6:45 Alex Turner is in the game?
didn’t touch too much on the story…
basically wow
Why does his character look like Cody from the suit life
Maybe in 2 years I will look into it again. So far what I have seen is overhyped and overpriced Harry Potter.
open world that is empty no day cycle by npcs npcs seems to be fixed where they "need" to be, no dynamic behavior combat animations are the same no matter the spells combat is repetitive eneny seem to just stand there and attack no dynamic fights between dodge sometimes you can walk and fly around in the world thats about the open world part the rooms you have are basicly useless very limited items no elements that changes the game for you with choices  game score 6.5/10 slaps on harry potter theme and name game score 9/10
The player is never referred to as he or she or him or her in the entire game. "They" is used to refer to the player. I'm sure the 0.1% of the playerbase will be happy with that decision by the gutless devs.
I gotta admit I was hoping that taking classes would at least be an element that would be fun mini games/quizzes to get better at that would result in stat changes. It doesnt sound like that is gonna be possible but otherwise I am really keen on the fantastic beast interaction. Wouldnt it be amazing if the landscape you can keep them was customizable similar to those dragon raising app games that were popular before😊
The thumbnail looks like an asian boy at prom
Idk this review is a little disappointing for me there's definitely a lot of things you experienced and complained about that could still absolutely be in the game since you're only 20 hours into it.   Keep that in mind everyone.
Very happy that it's above average
It is the best game of the year I hope everyone playet
Jo micro transactions.... But the base game is fucking 75 bucks. Maybe mention that...
The way they perfected the NPC pace while following them on quest is highly appreciable
Thank you for the info, can't wait to buy!!
I’m an hour into the game and now I wanna start again because my the voice pitch is annoying. My guy sounds like an android
Long live JK
feels a bit dead. make an rpg
My first Harry Potter game since.. the first Harry Potter game lol
Is there any online or pvp?
I remember in witcher 3, it has one liners for irrelevant npcs. But surprisingly it does make a big difference for immersion. Even if they just reply " go away"  haha
There is no way to interact with NPCs.     Modding community: Now this looks like a job for me
Doesn't look much like an "open world" since you clearly need follow a patch to said goals.  Gameplay looks extremely repetetive, dull and boring.  It will probably sell a lot due to all the fanbois, but I doubt this will be a "classic" with much replay value.  No thanks.
I appreciate Gameranx reviews of games because you guys do a great job talking about the game itself and sticking to just that.  Thank you.
Give me a PC REVIEW not inferior console bullshit !
I always called it “hogsmade”
The combat looks boring as shit to me
I am terrified of real time combat, it stresses me out so bad 😂 Is there an "easy mode" in this game where you can make enemies less challenging, or is it possible to enjoy the game avoiding combat altogether?
sounds great but i'm a little sad that the house choice doesn't affect the game that much,i hoped for more of a hogwarts class simulator where your choices would lead you to different paths than an adventure out of it.
I love you guys and I respect your work I watched "on mute" till 2:22 and put my thumb up there in support of your work but i will not be associated with anything related to this franchise trans lives matter 🏳‍⚧
Harry Potter fans must be desperate for a game of any kind if they're excited for this generic ass game.
H⃗I⃗
why buy it if you can get it for free on torrent !
Trust me! I'm not buying it!! Lol
Is no one going to mention the character name of Basil Hayden?!
so in one line,, not upto the expectations!
I already bought it. But I love to watch the before you buy videos!
Pass.
11 year old me would have killed for this game. shame it took so long but better late than never
Do you want your money going in the pockets of an openly transphobic piece of shit? Then this is the game for you! “But the gaming company makes the money I’m supporting the game”. No. She still gets a massive chunk of profits from this, and you wanting to play a stupid video game for a week outweighs supporting an entire group of targeted people.
Ill be abstaining from this release due to JKR but enjoyed the review!
Ehhh I just don’t see anything special about the game imo. But to each his own, I’ll wait for a discount
A fellow raven claw I see
it is so sad,, when i was young i have ALL THE TIME IN THE WORLD but no money to buy games, now when i'm an adult i have the money but NO TIME to play the games, that's the sad reality of life ;(  i'm doing my post graduate studies at the moment but boy oh boy when i'm done in 4 years time, i'll play the heck out of this game (and after PS5 is appearing everywhere at retails). hopefully can finished my study on time, with good grades and no semester extension
I’m mainly just worried about the combat, it just doesn’t look very fun
This looks a lot like assassins creed valhalla but with the correct expectation of being a wizard game, and it being exactly that unlike an assassin game that's actually a viking game
I wonder will there be any expansions for the game that would bring a lot more dungeons or great end game content so u can play it as much as you want after you finish. For example, have the whole underwater world (where they were having a tournament in the books) and similar
B R U H FLIPENDO LET'S FUCKING GO
As nostalgic as this series is for me, I refuse to give JK a cent 🤷‍♀️
This is the only before you buy Ive ever cared about.
Haha good choice naming your character basil haydens
If only it has quidditch...
Looks like a fun game but I'll be damned if I put a cent in JK Rowling's transphobic pockets. What an evil woman! It's sad to not see the mainstream gaming community address her views and the controversy.
No micro
if only the harry potter franchise wasnt related to jk rowling
this game looks and sounds amazing...cant wait to play.
Does the menu looks a bit Destiny-like ?
No, Jake Baldino, you don't have an annoying voice.
I guess there’s gonna have to be a second one now considering how successful this has been
When does this take place? How old is Dumbledore?
God. I've wanted for game like this forever
Not being able to interact with npcs sucks
No shot I’m buying this game day one, I’ll wait till it’s like 15 bucks
How glitchy is it?
Before he mentioned it inwas gonna say hogwarts would have lended well to a persona style game.
Pop in on a game this big is kind of expected but very happy to see they did the franchise justice
I think it's funny that you think your voice is annoying yet 1 million people are more than willing to listen to you talk with no issues.
the morons of gcj won’t like this one
Despite the nostalgia of the game, just the gameranx little trill at the beginning reminds of getting out of class and watching these vids
I can’t wait to play this! 🤩 Loved the books as a teen, watched the movies as a student and the spin offs as an adult 😝 It will be so much fun to run around in that world and explore for myself! 🤗
Arachnophobia warning in this video at  3:58 - 4:40  And  5:22 - 5:34
Looks shallow and dull, which I suppose is reflective of the author's work. Read another book, there's so many better ones to choose from.
I've been playing this game all day, I'm loving it. There is so much to do.
Before seeing this video I really wasn't that interested in this game. Now if I one day see it dor $30 in the wild I'll pick it up.
youve covered some of the best games i"ve played, have you done a video on day z? its making a huge comeback and has transformed SO MUCH since its release.
I played the Sorcerer's Stone game on Playstation and always thought it would be cool to see a new game series sort of like those. 👍
I can't wait to play Hogwarts Legacy, it really looks and sounds amazing. The devs for this have done an awesome job and really put a lot of time and effort into making this the best Hogwarts experience to date. Respect. 👍
It's Assassin's Creed: Hogwarts Edition
Glad to hear this is a solid game. I was worried it couldnt live up to the standards we expect. Ready to play it this weekend
I don't know what your voice sounds like irl but in my opinion, you have one of the most enjoyable voices to listen to on youtube. also with your own way of talking and phrasing certain things... just really enjoyable.
Watching this after preordering deluxe edition.
I wouldn’t be surprised if they come out with dlc to do with things like the Triwizard tournament
If only this game had a coop mode it would be pure 10
I have a question.. I have 123 GB free on my C:drive, but the preload still get's stuck at 90% or something.. I though you only needed 85GB of free space or am I missing something?
I didn't have any interest in this game before watching your review. Good job, as always!
Shoutout to all the blue haired retards whose "boycott" launched Hogwarts legacy into the number 1 spot, enjoy yourselves and never stop speaking fact and logic kings. The mob officially lost this one🔥🔥
My sister is a big HP fan so by default, I had to hate it... But I watched all the movies in secret and cried at the end of Goblet of Fire. Don't tell her.
Basil Hayden haha nice
Hmm I think the game I'd like to see made in a similar vein would be the Worst Witch series. Far more charming and less riddled with moral problems.
I just wanna know as a gamer who has never visited Harry Potter and anything remotely related tp jarry potter , should I buy?
Is there any sex or nudity?
It looks empty
I was so worried this game would be really mediocre. Not bad, just meh, like Gotham Knights. But it's looking like I may have been wrong!
Your voice is fine mate.
im getting strong fable vibes here... from the first game on xbox. long time... . it looks beatiful, thx baldinion
I would like to get the game, but the exclusive content puts it off for me. They need to loose money to stop with this exclusivity crap!
Do we get day 1 patch in early access? Or we need to wait official release date?
Looks great, but too murder-y for Harry Potter
That was probably one of the most positive reviews you've given in awhile, the game definitely sounds promising...
And to think I pre-ordered Cyberpunk and Gotham Knights and miss this due to these games. What a bunch of BS.
I just want the places to be beautiful..... 😍😍
I been waiting for this game but now looking at it give me a boring as fck impression, hope to be wrong cuz I still wanna try it out
Glad it's a good game, have been bitten once too often by crappy unfinished bollocks. Will get my pre order in, and that's this weekend taken care of
30+ years old, TIME FOR HOGWARTS
Even while playing the game it doesn’t feel real. I know it has a lot to do with my child hood nostalgia but I don’t care, I love this game
Pure nostalgia is why I am getting this game. I was 11 years old when Sorcerer's Stone came out, and I was reading the books before that. I am 33 now lol. I want to see the places I love from the films, I want to explore Hogwarts. Even if the story doesn't grab me, it's about exploring that world for me. I remember playing Sorcerer's Stone on the PS1 :D. So this is exciting.
i heard the money that goes into the game the royalties go to JK and she puts that money into Anti-Transphobe charities. :/
Thanks for doing these videos, whenever i’m unsure about a game i always search for these videos, so great as always
almost thought that was Will from the Inbetweeners
I would love if this game was moddable, like Skyrim.
If GameRanx says its good. Then it's good.
Worried about how it'll run on PC. Hope you guys do a PC performance review as well
Decided to get the deluxe edition to own the Libs.
I can see how the developers toke their time and made total use of it in the game! Really excited for it!
Gta4 mini map
That’s for making this more than just an invented faux-bia nonsense.
Theres no glitch in Hogwarts, it's magic
Hopefully the ant trail on the minimap is disableable
I’m extremely excited this is doing so well so far compared to some major releases. Imo it’s only up from here with updates, patches, and then dlc
Yeah. I read the books. so did my kids. It's a must have :) and if Jake tells me it's ok... It's ok! Gotta thank him for bringing ghost of Tsushima to my attention :*
"a bit glitchy...." Like what ? Details ??
How did the DLC run
Cheers for the review. Don't think it's a game I would play, but I don't like these people thinking they can dictate what we read or play or review.
1:27 bro the sheep
I still think a turn based RPG would fit perfectly with the HP universe but I'm pretty happy with this! Just PLEASE give us Quidditch in the DLCs xDDD
Don’t understand why they omitted quidditch
Man, I would really like to play this. Such a shame you can't :(
I played 3 hours this morning and it was hard to put down. My only complaint is minor and it's because I can get pretty immersed. The gear system, why would I want to wear anything other than my hogwarts robes? I have them transmogged on because I find anything else immersion breaking
From what I see: 1. It's so funny that the robe is fluttering but the scarf is steady while flying on broomstick. 00:01 2. Some camera issues while moving 02:45 (candle that is blocking moving sight) and in combat 4:36 (grasses that block sight while doing finishing move)
I’m such a lore person I absorb Harry Potter media. I’ve only played 2 or so hours so far. I’m in love
lego harry potter negs
Can I go round and avarda kadavra all enemies ?
And we have officially entered the new console age. They spoiled us with games being released on both last and next gen consoles. But now it's time to cough up the dough buddy and buy the new consoles. Is PS5 even back at original sales price yet? I haven't even bothered to look lately because I will never buy a console for PC money. I don't even care about the game. I just want to mess around in Pigtumers. Wait, Pigwarts? Hogboils? Oh yeah, Swineprotuberance.
Can you be evil in the game
When has next gen looked so last gen?
Too late
All the wokies are against this game so I preordered it.
Honestly just hope this game gives me the same feeling as the order of the Phoenix ps2 game
transfer student from where? Narnia? :D
Is he farting really big and holding his dong, as he’s flying across the universe?
Flipendo!! Am i right?
I hope there'll be a hogwarts legacy 2, this is a very good base, they can take all the experience to make the last couple of problems perfect
I've play the game on Xbox serie X. And for me the color and texture doesn't load in. Only in cut scenes. So maybe I have to wait a few days before they have sorted that out.
I also feel a tonal disssonance if you are so badass. Like are you that powerful, that you can justs go around MURDERING people (by the looks of it in this video) with non consequence? Or that you can blast out dumbledore-eque level of wizardry and then you are NOT a legend that was included in the HP canon? Feels weird to me.   Also a bit disappointed with the lifeless NPC's. It was the same with Spiderman for ps4 and Miles Morales. NPC's just seem dead. Kinda takes a lot of life out of it. Oh well, it can't all be RDR2 I guess.
The games gonna break records 🌈🏳️‍⚧️
Nah you've got a great voice! You just have enthusiasm in what you say
Love your reviews. Straight to the point of what the people need / want to hear about. It's not just a script given to a reviewer. Rather honest opinions. I will pick this game up for the Steam Deck thanks to your review. I might have a different experience, but I wasn't really planning to pick the game up until I watched this video. Thank you.
Will the Xbox one edition, scale up to Series S/X should I play it on one?
Thank you for not bringing up the JK Rowling stuff and actually just talking about the game
A game like this is a HUGE undertaking and I'm amazed that the devs made it work, especially in these times of "release it now, finish it later".
Wish there’s co op. Would be fun to play with friends.
No Mountain Goat 🐐 was harmed during this recording
i have grown up on everything that is HP lore, reading about spells, characters food items etc. it is so cool to have an opportunity to walk into the locations and have a free lookaround
i feel like this game has the same vibe with God of War..the new ones.
this is rhe devils game!!!
is there any multiplayer mode ?
how much were you paid?
Should definitely have added more spells
Flipendo!!! 10/10 game
Can you do a before you by on undisputed early access
Didn't these folks develop the Mad Max game? They need to make a sequel to that one, lol. Great game. I decided the moment I heard this game was being made I was gonna get it. Huge fan of the movies.
So the seasons change.. but you stay a 5th year?
im excited for this game, but one thing tho why do u crouch if your invisible
Seems like it's well done. My only issue is that it uses denuvo. That just tanks performance.
This game is a dream come true... Ive read the books three times now
There's wand handles.. say no more. I make irl wands lol
It's refreshing to hear a reviewer not take themselves too serious and say the phrase "It is a video game, so I didn't mind it". Thank you.
I wasn't expecting the game to be this good!
The invetory looks a lot like what Ubisoft was doing in the AC games
Various is pronounced like v-air-ee-us not v-arry-us
So far 2hrs in and happy just taking everything in. Wonderful start.
I'm not a Harry Potter fan but that looks like a decent game i wouldn't mind playing if i can get it on sale at some point  I just hope you can join the bad guys
Be way better on pc . As you will be able to put al 16 spells mapped to 16 keys
Im only 5 hours in but its like 75% cutscenes. Its really annoying. The gameplay and everything is still great but really hope I can actually play later.
There's no qudditch and no diagon alley huge let downs tbh would've  been nice to get all your school books and items from diagon alley
There's like 24 spells more than 20 but for sure more than 16 .
I kind of wish that this game had been made by a british games developer if possible, its probaly great but im kind of tired of having british set media having a full cast of british actors and then the entire 'back seat' team is American (like with the harry potter movies) .  I wish we had more of a presence in the gaming industry and to a lesser extent the entertainment industry as a whole
Visually it looks incredible, in terms of world building and npc interactions, seems like they've completely missed the mark. Also I think you were farrr too kind about the combat, the combat is incredibly boring, they had so many options but just resulted to "shoot colours at people or throw barrels" They could have done some more interesting CC options, multi hit chain attacks, way more AoE, mind control attacks, interactive scenery like pulling down pillars on people. Also they could have made spec trees more interactive, think of mages in WoW, one spec leading to high single target damage and one leading to higher multi target dps, maybe some spells are more effective against certain targets and areas so you have to use different skill trees depending on where you're going etc.  In short, the combat is majorly off mark and this is why I think that.
This needed to be MMO, meeting up with friends from different houses, completing missions together, helping each other, trading, doing runs together etc
It's sad that this game is tied to J.K. Rowling
boring
Jake, as always, is a font of positivity and good vibes. Keep up the good work!
My wife’s plays 0 video games. she said she really wants to play this!  They’re doing something right
Meh, atleast it's single player thankgoodness
I really like the „only there for the experience“ things they added, it ads more to the world and makes you feel like you’re there, it’s authentic and fun
Hey Falcon, i already saw 2 other channels dropping this game using your title style "Before You Buy"  all caps in the thumbnails. I know you dont own the rights for that phrase or something, but It didn't sit well with me i waited for yours haha. thanks man.
objestive nr 1 moders change wand to blaster or something :)
My wife is turning 30 next month, she's a fan of the series since its early days, I got her this game as a birthday present and honestly i'm so thankful they made it this incredible, she used to play those ps1 early HP games and she was such a big fan of it, i'm really happy for this game. ^^
Jake Baldino, biased as usual
1:26 Poor Goat
Thanks dude
Didnt see any boob in the video.
Never been into any harry potter stuff... this game might change that.
Jake believing his voice is annoying when it literally soothes *millions* of people..
"Before I buy?"... ...Too late, I've already pre-ordered the Deluxe Edition and paid for it. And now, I'm fully enjoying the one of the best experiences I ever had, in my entire (video) gaming life. My last, previous and more recent "Harry Potter" game was the Lego Series, on PS4. I'm a huge fan, I'm 51 and I'm proud of that!
You lost me at "glitches." Also, other youtubers have pointed out some of the large differences between 30fps and 60fps modes that I now can't unsee...like shadows & reflective surfaces. I am so tired of having to pick between slow or bland. 🙄
I love how the player randomly levitated a goat, let it chill in the air for a bit, it came back down and collapsed, and then the player (presumably Jake) just continued on his merry way.
So bad there is no multiplayer i was about to pre order it then saw it was single player. Company pours millions of dollars into a game you cant even play with friends. So bad.
So basically this game is going to be saved by Fanboys who are going to get it just for the atmosphere and nostalgia. i don't see anything special gameplay wise! Sidenote, Gameranx is really something special in the gaming side of YouTube.
I was positively obsessed with the books and I still am in many ways. I tried actively to forget about this game because I didn't want to be disappointed  and as every signal seemed to turn to green I felt the excitation rising. I am now feeling a bit stupid that I didn't buy the early release edition as I am now really holding myself back from just rolling on the ground in excitation and frustrating from the wait. I think this is everything I was waiting for.
Playing the game in 3 days and still watching this
jim pickens will soon attend hogwarts
I watched all the movies and remember playing the first 2 games that there were on ps1, and haven't been able to play them for years. So i'm looking forward to playing this game. Though not as much as my sister, who is a full out harry potter nerd, who pretty much knows all the ins and outs of the lore. Looking forward to see her nerd out in the game.🥰 What are the options for difficulties by the way? Is there only one, or is there a story and up to hard difficulty?
Great review Jake, but I can assure you you don't have an annoying voice!
Reviewing this game without taking a stance to defend the trans community is gross negligence.
Thank you Jake, thank you! For just talking about the game and not the Twitter drama. Thank you, you are a real gamesjournalist!
I have nothing with hairy potter and the combat seems boring, so i will be skipping thx =)
I've never been a big Harry Potter fan, but yeah, this game looks fantastic! I'm in, Harry! (Not to be confused with "I'm in Harry" ... that has a different meaning). 🙂
Does this game have proper cutscenes? Any clips I have seen look side quest level
"spoiler free", anything but the story
Twitter/10 can't wait to play
Not being able to interact with students at all is a massive letdown, feels like it's a key element to the game.
Now we just need an end all be all Lord of the Rings open world game. I love Shadow of Mordor/War but i'm talking about THE penultimate game where we can explore the entire Middle Earth!
Gameranx videos are always the best and always feel honest. Most others feel payed…. I do wish they did more with the character such as an extra skill tree based on your class or something extra.
Can I rub one out in front of any of the enchanted portraits?
Looks awesome! Can't wait till friday.
My life would be complete if I got to play as CJ wizard.
Im genuinely really worried because it looks so good and i preordered it for xbox one if its a big bag of glitches i swear im impulse buying a next gen console
Great game so far! GOTY material along with Dead Dpace! Cant wait for RE4! What a start of the year for videogames!
I think there's always going to be a certain repetitiveness in combat for games?
Sucks last week in Texas we had a whole week off of work because We had ice storms why couldn’t this come out last week 😢
Finally a good HP game
"like Arkham Knight, Mad Max or the Middle-Earth Shadow games" ... except nowhere near as cool. 😄It looks pretty nice though, except for the stutters. I'll check it out once a few patches have been released. P.S.: please tell me you can disable the damage numbers and the highlight outline around the selected target. I hate that stuff ... one of the best features of the recent Assassin's Creed games was, that you could disable all of that, which increased the immersion a lot! The less HUD the better!
I would just like to thank you guys for leaving the soul killing politics out of this video.  Please preserve this channel as a place for just games and no politics, like so many other channels.   Great video, super informative and to the point. Love to see it, long to see more content from you guys.
I've only seen the first 3 movies when they first came out because of my step-son, but I'm super psyched for this game! What percentage do you think are hardcore fans vs people like me?
i like hogwarts legacy but hate u reviewers like review the game stop throwing shade at everyone nd everything its only funny if im lookin for it put it in thumbnail or some
Absolutely loving the game. The industry needed this. Actually lives up to or even exceeds expectations
Too late. Got Deluxe. Going to be awesome. 😎
Can’t wait to buy this
Ahh, I'm already anticipating the spider nightmares
Loot... Jesus Christ.
I'm a light HP fan but this review hyped me up. I want to save for a PS5 now and buy this.
Remember how we were trashing hogwarts legacy and praising forspoken when the traliers launched, boy did the scripts flip
Would be great if npcs reacted so you can do quests for them if they need help similar to bully where students would run up to you and ask for help or even if you could ask them to a dual or race on your broomstick, would make a great difference to the students around the school
They should remaster all the old HP games!
Can you turn the numbers off when you hit an enemy??
I've been a fan of Potterverse since i was 8 years old, i have watched every HP films from the main series to the Fantastic Beast spin offs, i also have played older HP games, i have to say, this one looks to be a dream HP game i have been imagining since then. Though my only wish is to expand on the world a little bit, add diagon alley and gringotts bank, make it a lively place where you can buy unique items and see stuff, even better if they add Platform 9 three quarter.
visual glitches, are likely fixed day of release or in the first month.
I already bought but why not watch
FLIPENDO!
just 60 dols why would you worry ?
I probably miss some npc references to dumbledore or grindelwald, gonna miss all the professors the most, maybe il play as mysef, maybe il play as James Potter father, i think it misses just that one J.K element.. harry potter
Wizard Bully
Seems like the best comparison for this game is the new Assassin's Creed stuff. The UI even looks copy-pasted. At the end of the day, that's a decent quality. The world of Harry Potter is definitely an incredibly cool one, so I'm tempted to buy.   It's a shame it's so political.
This looks like the perfect HP experience. I watched all movies, because the world was cool. The disappointing part of the movies was how it felt like they were just scratching the surface with all the possibilities. I'm not buying this game any time soon, but I'll be excited to play it when it inevitably gets a discount and all the bugs are fixed- maybe when all the possible DLC has already been released.
I’m 22 so I actually heard about Hogworts Legacy But I didn’t Buy this Game Do you recommend me Buying it
Its another game I bought before watching Before You Buy
I did hope for a more 'schooly' feel. I used to play a game called Skool Daze years ago. I used to enjoy just going to class and such. I wouldn't obviously JUST go to class. But there would be times in which ( like in ANY other rpgs I have ever played) I just want to bum around. Go to classes and hear the lecture. Look out of the windows in Herbology. Go to the  common room when it gets late etc. I am glad the music is good ( something they didn't mention in IGN). One of the main things I do in say the Witcher is to sit in a field with a beautiful view of the trees and mountains and drink a beer ( In real life).....with the music playing softly. Or sit on a mountainside looking across the water. Don't even get me started on Jen's Room. If that element is the same I will consume many a bevvy whilst looking at the virtual view and taking in the score.
13h 1 million views congrats
A bug I noticed was the masks going through the hoods if u wear em up
Denuvo+Rowling=Empress.  The choice is clear on PC.
Basil hayden ehhh, I see you Jake, I guess I'll name my character Maker's Mark 46.
The menu and gearing system seems like Assassins'Creed: Hogwarts, and that's not necessarily bad for me.
Man, That's a bummer if dev don't add a free facial customization, so alien can't be a wizard lol
12:37 had to do a double take on that subtitle lmao
I hate, and I can’t reiterate how much I hate, Harry Potter. I think the whole franchise is dogshit. Controversial I know. But this game does look pretty good, and would deffo consider buying it in the sales.
FLIPENDO!!!
Looks awesome as hell man. Wish they made a game like this, but set in the Tolkien universe. Your voice is cool dude! And this channel is the best! Personally I did grow up on the books and movies, but fell of before all of them had come out. I have seen all the movies now, but only read the first 3 books. Definitely am gonna get into this game at some point. As for now I have other games I play.
Considering this is their first attempt let's give em kudos. The sequel will probably be even better.
Looks good but I’m gonna wait for all the dlc and updates added for when it’s really gonna be epic.
/r/patientgamers
Basil Hayden... 😂 a bourbon fan I see!
Jake thanks for the amazing review as always. Also you should try an Old Fashioned With the name of your character ;)
For everyone: AVALANCHE STUDIOS and AVALANCHE SOFTWARE are NOT the same developers.  Studios made just cause and other things  Software only made small games like Disney infinity
Voice does sound really symthetic, but you can change it back in game settings 8 hours in an im loving it lool
something seems off...
If I were younger and hadn't played dozens of open world games exactly like this I might have been more excited. Probably going to give this a pass for now though.
The game is for you to really understand why Lord Voldemort became Lord Voldemort.
Super excited for the game, but still wondering how you use accio on living creatures.
Man I really love the open world of this game
I want this treatment for a game set in Westeros and Essos!!
I think the big thing that hurts this game is the lack of enemy variety and the repetetive combat cycle.  Every review mentions that the world building is phenomenal but the actual gameplay loop let's it down.  I really struggle with open world games that have no motivation for exploration and that's what made The Witcher so good - all of the schools gear was locked behind different worldly activities. Hopefully this game is the same and not just picking up hundreds of useless bits of gear every mission that don't offer any kind of meaningful progression or set bonuses.
Cannot wait to steal this.
Gameranx reviews are just so on point and honest! Before you buy videos have become a go to for any game I buy nowadays.
sound about useless
No multiplayer = no buy
hey , is anyone thier who notice the npc expression is lagging a bit , otherwise for me the graphic is good
Just sad I have to wait to get it cause 70 bucks is to much 😂
It will be even better visually on pc!
What I love about these "before you buy" series is how honesty is always on the table.   Off the bat, you're open about this being a review copy. Anyone who understands how that works knows you're going to find the positives in the game regardless of how you feel.   With that being said, this seems mostly positive. Plenty of issues clearly flagged if you listen to the review. That's the level of transparency needed.
finally, the harry potter game we all waited for
As a fan of Harry Potter and open world RPGs, this sounds super boring. Just like any other game. Maybe I had too high expectations.
A lot of reviewers mention the lack of enemy variety, what's your opinion on that?
I have never played this game before, and I think this game is pretty decent. If the game had more of a side quest event like RDR2, this game would be much more interesting.
dang it all i wanted to make a bug eyed character and name him bugzy
According to JK haters, you are transphobe for promoting this video game
This game will be dead after you beat it
There game is absolutely amazing easy 9-10
I've already pre-ordered but you know I'm still here!
I'm Ready to see those crazy ass mods their going to make
I relate to the goat at 1:25
The game looks boring and way over hyped
fli fli fli fli flipendooooooo
This game got a shit ton of advertising from Twitter. Looks cool and is separated from JKR enough it should be good. Harry Potter has it's problems (especially after the books ended) but Warner Bros putting an effort to keep people interested is honorable and make it more inclusive than the original author might have intended.
I’m not a huge Harry Potter fan, but from what I’ve seen, I’m really thinking about picking this one up. It seems like it might have some stuff that certain other games are leaving.
Let's go I was waiting for this 😂
I am sad that they chose to make a "customize your character" kindda game :/ I work as a 3D character artist myself and I can clearly see that all faces suffer from the limitations and constraints directly linked to their customization system, which is totally normal. But as a result, all faces seem to be lacking animations details and look very unexpressive most of the time. I'm scared everyone (our character included) look likes NPCs with no charisma :/ I would have so much prefere a well written/charismatic looking cast of iconic characters, including the main one. Here I fear it feels a bit too much unpersonnal.  My guess would be that, as it is the trend in the industry these days, they were first going for a multiplayer experience where customization made more sense. But at some point in the developpement they might have turn back because it was too complexe to make or for any creative reason, but they had to keep their customization system because it was already there ? I don't know if the devs already commented on that ^^ I'm just guessing here.  Might as well be that they were willing to do a solo experience with customization from the start. But still, that's a shame I think.   Still hyped though
Or don't buy it and stop shoveling money into a TERF drunkards mouth.
I'm not a huge Harry Potter fan but I've always enjoyed watching the movies and playing the videogames here and there. But this, thise game, looks stunning! One of the last games I've played was RDR2 and I in my 15 years of gaming was to me one of the best, if not the best, gaming experiences ever but I must say that Hogwarts Legacy, at least in terms of graphics and art direction, can compete with it. Such a beautfiul game and looks quite fun as well. Too bad for the NPC that don't interact, RDR2 has the perfect system for that and it made so much better.
Games are just releasing in pairs this year, first colisto and dead space, then forespoken, and hogwarts
What really annoyed me with Hogwarts legacy I have to wait 6pm gmt to play early access like why not let me play it first thing in the morning
Debating on whether I’m gonna come down with a bug and call in to work so I can play this game.
I was going to wait for the gameranx review, but I bought it last night so my sister to play. I'm glad it's good though, She'll be ecstatic, and once she's done I'll probably have a blast as well!
Why isn't this a first impressions video instead of a before you buy... Since you only played 20hours...
16 spells? Seriously
I was a big fan of HP back in the day. Read all the books, would lose my sleep to read them. But this was honestly like 15 years ago. Loved the first 2 movies. Later it got darker, although I didn't see them all (watched 4 or 5 first ones). Wondering if I should do rewatch+catchup before playing this.
Thank you for keeping politics out of your reviews. Sincerely.
Call me when Hogwarts is real or in VR and I can go there
If I was a 10 year old in this world, ant hills would FEEL the crucio.  Yeah, not a pretty picture...
Love how the majority of the gaming community ignored the fragile twitter idiots boycotting the game, and played it anyways
@6:16 Kingdoms of Amalur? =))
Excited to pirate this
I’m actually surprised at the amount of deep Wizarding World lore that they inserted into this game. There’s a lot of details that you really have to search for in the canon of other potter video games, books, and media that they have seamlessly added into this. You can def tell the dev team really took their time with things like that.
I´ll wait for the reviews after PC release. If it will be okay from performance standpoint, i´ll probably jump in.
Who's watching this AFTER you bouhgt it lmao
So sad somebody actually need to play with consoles.
as a diehard fan  im happy to hear everything u said, but they couldve added 4 ways in playing the story when u select different houses,just saying that wouldve been a great idea if u know how different the 4 houses are  like for gryffindor u get the support characters and they take brave decisions in mission for ravenclaw smart moves or stealthy approach is done for hufflepuff they take the safest and non harming for other people approach and slytherin take the most cheating and cunning ways to play the game
1:34 “Your a fifth year trans-“ Jk Rowling: 😱😱 “-fer student” Jk Rowling: 😮‍💨😅
Better to have a annoing sounding voice than to be annoying ;}
What's the point if the npc interactions are not that good. The best thing about harry potter is world building. The action/spells doesn't have to be complicated or over the top though I wish there would be more puzzles than just button smashing enemies/boses.
meh it looks alright, not as excited anymore. probs going to wait for a sale with this one
Even tho I am a Harry potter fan,the game still feels a tad bit lonely still ,for a Harry potter game. When you said that the npcs aren't interactive I lost lots of desire too ,I feel like as a Harry Potter fan it would be more suitable for me to watch a gameplay walk through than actually paying for it and playing it. I don't know .
Would have been so good if they could have made this game Co-op
It's a good game, but the only thing i didn't like is the characters design, everyone looks like an NPC, very generic in that department
get this game than Forspoken,
Watching this and other gameplay videos actually convinced me to order a ps5 😂 I’ve been holding off…. But this looks so fun & unique. Can’t wait to explore this world.
Got this currently installing, first time in a long while I’ve been this excited to play a new game.
Super happy to see all the positivity, was really scared all these reviews would be full of mean comments.
There is zero chance I would buy a game designed for children and made by insufferable leftists just because some other leftists dislike the person some of the money is going to.
The game ain't even out bro
Room of requirement = Sex Club
That looks like the DAI combat system
Nicolas Cruz plays potter thumbnail 🤷
I've been cautiously optimistic about this game. I very rarely day one a video game, and I've been on the fence about this one because the franchise hasn't had the best games ever in the past (though i am nostalgic for some of the early tie in games)  This video has pushed me over the edge though. I need this game.
And another game to avoid like the plague.
Can we murder people with the green spell ?
I don't even like Harry Potter and I'm probably going to buy it cause it gives me some Shadow of mordor vibes, but in a more refined and less ultraviolent brawler way. That and it makes whiney crybullies reee and that's always a plus.
i want this, as an MMORPG please T_T
love you reviews and ill be picking up the game friday :)
You had me at 'swamps' 😂
So far ive never get wrong gameranx impression on any before you buy game review..
So basically all the promises and hype cyberpunk promised was delivered by this game instead. Still though I actually thought that this would be a quick cash grab , to my surprise this game is not only amazing but has potential for multiple sequels.
When did it leak? Would be neat if you mentioned it
jake. start sectioning your topics in the time chart. it helps us people in a time crunch.
The moment you said it was a WB style RPG in the same vein of the Batman Arkham games or the Shadow of Mordor/War stuff then I knew exactly what I was getting. I was expecting something on the level of what Bethesda does with Elder Scrolls and Fallout or Obsidian with Outer Worlds but I'll take it.
Glad it is living up to the hype and expectations. Definitely worth a buy.
Looks really interesting
Ever since I was a little child growing up with the books and the movies, growing into a teenager I've been fascinated with Harry Potter. At some point in life my love for it dwindled but I'm hoping this game can rekindle the love I've once felt for Harry Potter.
Gameranx: You're a fifth year trans... JK Rowling: 😠 Gameranx: ...fer student. JK Rowling: 💵😄💵
That menu looks like AC Valhalla. For a moment I thought “wait is it Ubisoft or WB game?”
Flippendo ftw!!!
I’ve played 2-3 hours of it and it feels amazing. It’s like reliving Harry Potter movies again.
As long as i can chill in the chamber of secrets and petting the basilic, im buying it !
I swear if the best combo is accio incindio I'll be a little upset cause all I been hearing when it comes to comboing spells
People said elden ring looked empty but at least there was a shit ton of stuff just walking around the environments this just looks empty
Im sad that it doesn't go more in the Bethesda open world style, but then not many games do. Colored loot and its whole group of stuff feels bad imo... And the fact that your House nor your Wand mean anything sucks cuz like those should be like picking a Race and Class in other RPGs.  The game is what I expected which means it probably isnt what I want as this looks VERY Shadow of Mordor which is fun for a bit, but I want a world where I can interact with everyone even if its a shallow touch
i realy cant wait to play the game but im waiting little im not paying 80$ when i can wait little and maybe get it free :P
The Last of Us 2 looks better than this running on PS4 :D
the weird side camera seems annoying. its better to center your character like elden ring. or at least have an option. n00b devs.
well i mean, don't all games turn repetitive?
My little sister push me to purchase this game. She is dei hard fan of harry potter films , books. But i haven't decent GPU to run this game. ( Currently my country face economic crisis, so i hope to play this game soon as possible)
The fact this is the first game in maybe a few years that released without anything game breaking stuff. This game is definitely going to get nomitaed for game of the year, maybe blowing out my ass, but even Game of the year.
I don't understand why they would give stats to clothing. There is no precedent for that in the lore at all. Magic is a skill based system and your wand should be something personal.
Is there an option to turn off spiders like there is in Evil west my son wants to play it but won't if there are spiders. Thanks in advance
This is a game that I'm willing to spend a lot of hours. It looks like Elden Ring x Witcher 3 had a harry potter baby.
if forspoken have a world like this, maybe its not bad
Not being able to interact with random NPCs really hurts this game. Takes a lot away from the immersion
Hope they’ll get GOTY.
Just started this game for 2 hours and in blown away. Love the graphics and atmosphere. This game surprised me. I'm enjoying the atmosphere so much. If you love fantasy and Harry Potter and rpg you should definitely buy this game.
I'm really interested in playing this... But like all BIG games, I'll probably be happier waiting for a couple patches to come out to make my experience all the better.
Before you buy:  know this game supports transphobia and features a plot about fighting against a justified rebellion of an oppressed lower class thats based on a nazi charicature of jews.
6:24 I WAS NOT READY 😅 BONK😂😂😂
I only know the basics about Harry Potter and the world, haven’t seen the movies or read the books so my question is would that affect my experience with this game?
I’m not gonna touch this game. I don’t like fantasy, and I never really got into Harry Potter when I was younger. That said, the game does look somewhat interesting. Ya all enjoy your game
Can I ride a shovel
It’s weird as good as this game sounds I hope there is an online mode where you can start younger or something and live in the experience for as long as you want as I’m sure there are a lot of Potter Heads out there who will probably not play another game for the rest of their life unless it’s a sequel or something
Absolutely love the Basil Hayden name... My friend you have excellent taste sir!!!
I do wish quidditch was included but baby it will as a dlc later on . I also hope it’s a true open world and you can go beyond hogwarts grounds and far beyond .
This is exactly what I was curious about, thanks a ton for the insightful review :D
I’d give this game a strong eleventeen out of ten! I lost an hour and a half of my life just walking around Hogs Meade 😆
Rowling made the world of Potter political, and because of that, I can't support anything she has a hand in. She could have stfu and took my money, but she had to open you stupid mouth and all I can do is close my wallet and move on to something else.
“Now the game is abit glitchy but it’s also charming….” haha what ?
You sound like you don’t like it but I’d think the main character would be pretty badass just because it’s the 1800’s where things aren’t as regulated ? You know
The graphics haven't really progressed from phoenix order... I'm disappointed
Can i use black magic?
I don't get the hype around this game? It looks so mid. Like unless your a huge HP fan It doesn't seem like it has much to offer? I also feel this game would have been much better if it wasn't hampered by the HP lore\world, like the devs could have had more freedom. I mean the combat here alone looks boring and thats with only a few minutes of footage, i cant image it would get better during the "100" hours of game play. Just my opinion but ive seen a few reviews and everytime the reviewers words just never seem to line up with whats being shown.
1:28 casually kills goat
I always look at before you by after i buy
i had my pitch as low as it could go and i sounded like jarvis
Would you say this could be entry point into RPGs for people who are overwhelmed by them?
Okay, I gotta say this after browsing the comments. Y'all realize that your character is a new student starting in the 5th year right? You not only have to learn beginner spells to catch up but the extras that are fifth year focused. With that said.. it's the 5th year. The year you are supposed to be able to leave the school to explore... Why would it be focused entirely on school? Instead the story has to do with just that... The schools legacy.
I really hope that the next generation of consoles (I was hoping they'd do it this generation) includes controllers with back buttons that aren't just buttons to remap existing buttons but genuine new buttons for RPG games. Not ever game has to utilise them and you can have the option to remap anything to your liking.
support the lgbtq+ community by not buying this game and instead torrenting it
6 years in development and it doesn’t even have quidditch
Beautiful cant wait to complete ths game on YouTube
why is there so many spiders D:
Where quidditch though? Bad game rly
already bought it my bad
so its an action persona without milf to romance... well, it will do.
Ive never read the books or watched the movies, this'll be definite fun
Im less excited now
It will be interesting what the modding community will make of this game :D
9:58 😏
Not a single word about the JK Rowling controversy and i love that the actual aimed for community can just enjoy the game
Wouldn't watch this if it wasn't for baldino,  honestly, dude has such a great view on the right and wrong points of a video game.  Him and falcon , only two I listen to about anything to do with video games, definitely best advise.
I want this game so badly but also don't want to support a Terf like Rowling. Congrats to these Devs though. They look to have done right by old fans of Harry Potter.
It's nice to hear a well well thought out and honest review without the need to mention the fake outrage
I wish they were a voice option for casting spells and a first person mode
Is it challenging at all, and will it become repetative once the novelty wares off?
Hopefully it's easily modable
Torn on this one. Is it just me? Seems like a lot of cool stuff but also huge disappointments.
Nothing against you Jack but Falcon is the man for all these videos, love his laid back voice which just blends in... so hope to see him back doing more "before you buy" videos.... cheers!
2:06 damn was hoping to play as wizard shrek
I'm really just concerned about replay value? I'd like to get this for the hubby but don't want to waste money if not..
A BUMMER IF THEY HAVE NO DLC OF QUIDDITCH SIDE GAME. CUZ THIS IS 99% PERFECTION ALREADY
MIght be too early to call it but this might be the worst game of 2023
I think I'll hold out for Quidditch or Triwizard DLC, and play Like A Dragon: Ishin! in a weeks time instead.
I hate when npcs don't interact. It's one of the reasons why the spiderman games feel so dead .
I think Jakes's voice is great for commentary he shows the perfect amount of excitement and emphasis in his commentary without sounding fake and annoying like other youtubers. You can tell when he's being genuine about what he likes and what he doesn't and he sounds very entertaining and keeps your attention super well with the different levels and tones when he talks. 🦔❄
So basically, you buy a story based game where the major point is that you can get a stunning level design and graphic of the castle with empty npcs.... right. Bully didn't teach anything
“Before you..” “I already bought it for myself and several close family members l  “oh.”
I hope the PC version has a FOV slider
This is what I was waiting for, before you buy from you guys, now I can buy the game with confidence. I'm a big harry potter fan and I can't wait for this experience
Before you buy, I already bought! Pick up is tomorrow lol
Other bad releases set the bar so low that i think this game is amazing because it works fine , its optimized (havent heard much complaining like forespoken) and it does what it advertised .   FEELS GOOD MAN
i wish they add CO OP
idk man.......this is just like forspoken to me, with worst combat. if you take the harry potter name away and lore away from it. idk how pumpped id be for this game. after playing forspoken, this magic combat just looks slow and boring, i wish this came out first.  im still getting it but man.
Is it also releasing on PC ...  pls tell
I looks like Witcher - Hogwarts edition
So it seems like this entire game is based on people thinking the castle looks cool and that’s supposed to be good enough. There’s bugs, glitches, very little exciting combat and not even that much Lore. For $70 it’s just a little too much problems with not that much content. NPCs that don’t react. Most of the game feels like filler. You can “create” your character and they all really look the same. They should have just made a game about Harry Potter.
Ok but what about the trans women in the game lol
If I can't avada kedavra NPC's it's a pass
Before you buy, consider not monetarily sponsoring a fascist.
The old new professors you mean 😅
Well, got that confirmed as my next game now.  Was dubious about it, a too good to be true thing, but I'm happy to run into it now!
I know for a fact I am not going to do anything with my room in the game because I will most likely forget I have one
I thought it was on ps4 too
a lot of pop in
I literally opened up YouTube just to see if this video was here. Great work as always
1:30 Great game, but why do that to the goat? WHY? QwQ
Before even u start talking shit…
I wonder if you get put into your own faction like Ravenclaw or Hufflepuff for example.
I still think from pure gamer view it will be kinda boring after while. But for casual and potter fan? Looks amazings! Both indoor and outdoor are so nice.
The before you buy series is excellent and this video is no exception. First place I come to when a new release drops
Can the game's difficulty be tweaked?
Getting some Fable vibes, not many but enough
“The game is glitchy but fun”. So already in the first minute you’re trying to sweep problems under the rug because you like the premise
I want a scarface remake or for it to be backwards compatible
Played two hours, love the game thus far, really tired of the boycotters
From bits I've seen Frame rate looks a bit iffy.   Wasn't on my radar until recently but think I'll get this soon. Especially as my eldest has now gotten into Harry Potter
Combat "lock on" and camera movement in combat is the only thing that sometimes annoys me
You know what I love about gameranx? They indulge in the love of gaming, that it's supposed to be fun, even if a game isn't something high class it still can be pretty enjoyable. Thanks guys and jake this time pizzas are on me.
I'm scared of the switch version lol
Why do they have to have spiders, I get it they play a role in the Harry Potter books but why.
If it’s runs well on the ps5 than I can safely say it will run very well on pc unless they somehow screwed up
Sigh I was so looking forward to this game but as usual the big boss Warner bros have to spoil it with denuvo. I bet it will cause some performance issue on the pc with the dev trying to include denuvo's lousy coding into their own.  And microtransaction? Why on earth will a single player game have microtransaction,
It looks and plays like a dull Final Fantasy game.
I got the first 3 on blu-ray for Christmas from my girl way back when the 4th one was brand new in theaters. She wanted them more than I did. But I watched them w her and grew to like them to the point of following it until the end. I wan never hugely into the franchise but I did find entertainment in it. I always saw myself as a slytherin.  I’m not in a hurry to get this game but I will eventually play it one way or another. It looks fun
Im just glad that you didnt mention the controversy even once during this review. Thank you for that.
I would like to see it use the joystick for spells , like older HP or even an example like the skate games where u have numerous tricks .
Too late but I’ll watch the video anyway
I'm so excited, I told my girlfriend to get this for me on valentines day. Wish me luck. 🤞
I don't give a shit about politics, If it's a good game I will vet it for my kids. This boycott stuff can blow.
"I have an annoying voice in real life" - Jake
Iam here for it
Now they need a lord of the rings version
The combat looks like the mage attacks from dragon age inquisition.
I have 0 experience on Harry Potter stuff i only watched a scene where a car was flying near a train
I don't care about Harry Potter, I'm not a fan of it. Will fall asleep reading or watching Harry Potter. But this game is so promising as a general RPG fans.
after the gotham knights review im  pretty sure jake is biased now. theyre paying him for his reviews now and i geuss warner brothers didnt pay him.
Cant wait to play this game
awesome. ill get it at the end of the month
I'm getting the butterflies...I'm ready for the first day of class!
Once people get out of their honeymoon phase they will realize this game isn’t all that good.
My son got it for me, I'm 3hrs in and absolutely bored with it. Everyone is too nice.  I don't think I'll finish it. I'll have another session, but sofar I'm not enjoying it.
You guys need to bring back those vids where people send you funny glitches from the latest games. Loved see your reactions from them
Jake: "...you can unlock Flipendo"  Me: guess I'll preorder then
When you said “think of games like” and included Mad Max it made me want to try this game
I played 9 hours and I really enjoy this game. There are so much magic in each frame of it. I hope that HL will be successful and we will get more games in this franchise.
Can confirm the Xbox version has been completely bug free 20 hours in, the occasional frame jump and fog like Jake said but other than that this game is more than I ever dreamed of
Why does my patronus look like Skill Up
Should’ve been like bully where you get caught by campus security for attacking students 😢
I prefer elden ring
Really helpful review as always. Terf Terfington will be flying on his broom shortly!
This game has me feeling one way... SHUT UP AND TAKE MY MONEY!!! 🤣🤣🤣
Love a Spoiler free VID
The graphics are a downgrade from what we saw at E3 trailers of hog warts. :/
Love you guy’s content always my go to when looking to buy a game
So to some it up, its almost rdr2 but with magic.
Okay, but... CAN YOU PLAY QUIDDICH?! xD
Holupaminute, you’re sayin I can’t Avada Kedavra my way through my classmates? Makes sense tho, it’s not an American school.
poor optimised game
You mean it’s exactly like the Star Wars games.
I can't get past the character in the footage looking like Cole Sprouse
Fallen order, shadow of mordor,  and this. Oh yeah, it's all coming together
Is there companions?
I want to see worth a buy review on this game
Combat seems a lot like the spiderman games in a way if that makes sense
Can't wait for the mods
The game looks beautiful
PC Deluxe Edition owners can preload on Steam. FYI.
Sooo….are there any white robes?
I always watch these while I’m waiting for it to download lol
It looks soooo much like assassins creed: odyssey. Which is good, cuz i loved odyssey :)
This game is truly beautiful
I saw the house selection and that was a bit disappointing, I would have been cool to make more questions even if they let you choose differently at the end, I do feel it shows a bit of the lacking of the game, which is like the normal flaws of open world games, it's difficult to be that detail oriented with such a big place, unless you are rockstar
Peeves is there? Wish he was in the movies.
This game looks like a copy and paste of other generic open world games with a harry potter theme. Idk prob cool if you like the franchise but sick of the same boring mechanics in every open world games to pad out gametime. UI legit looks like destiny 2 LOL
quidditch ??
knockback jinx is back bitches
It would be sweet if there were about 1000 different students who were just that, students. No other plot points for them unless you somehow made them companions. Otherwise they just went about their days going to class and their common rooms,  bathrooms, detentions, Hogsmeade, and maybe even the forbidden Forrest. Maybe they each could have different attributes that determined where they went when not following their randomly generated class schedule.   Just sayin, it would make the world feel much more lived it, because it's all kind of empty compared to what you'd expect.
Combat looks similar to Dragon's Dogma, I was worried there would be a focus on the school like Persona or Bully, I might have to check this out.
Okay I got question, is this game an more an MMO or just regular RPG?
I'm glad the exploration of this game is good. Favorite part of the Harry Potter games was exploring the world and finding secrets
How refreshing, a Hogwart's review that doesn't mention JKR.
The amount of depth in this game holy crap. I'm blown away
Watching this literally one hour before the early release. The hype can't stop bubbling!
Is there a lock-on for spells like the souls games?
Gameranx is the only game reviews I trust.  Was on the edge about this game as I’m not too big of a Harry Potter fan. I’ve seen all the movies I just don’t really care for it, but the idea of an open world game in the the Harry Potter universe could be fun, this video convinced me to pick it up and give it a shot
First few seconds: is spoilerfree. Flies through whole world in an open world game. If you mean only story related spoilers. Holy trashcan who cares about story?
I'm more interested in the modding community that arises out of this game. If Skyrim is proof of anything it's that mods alone will sell the game and build it into the perfect Potter game we all want.
Assassins Creed Valhalla 7:08
Nice  video 😇🥰🤩😉🙃🙂
Got a chuckle out of your choice of drink... i mean name
This game looks like sht. Ima pass on this one. Boring.
Is it just me that is getting kinda bored having a leveling system in every open world game nowadays. I'm not saying all games should scrap it (many games also benefit from a grind), but if it is just a grind to let number go up but don't unlock new abilities (mostly vertical progression), couldn't you balance the game without it, or balance it with equipment only (like the old vs new AC games).
So where the microtransactions will be? And let’s be honest, there will be lots of them…
Usual Spiel? As on german? Why??? XD
"Before you buy" Don't 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Excellent review as always 👏   As for me; I'm not a huge H.P fan but I have enjoyed the movies quite a few times. I'm honestly happy that this game is aa good as it seems and that H.P fans get to enjoy it. I might get it on sale one day, we'll see.   I'm more interested in buying The Last Of Us remake ^^
Nice to hear you talk about the music! I feel like a lot of people overlook that aspect! Props 💯
man imagine if this was online
I can’t believe the praise it’s getting? It looks really mediocre.
Hmmm, this does seem significantly better than I had ever expected. This is the first 'review' I have seen, so it will be interesting to see how it does from a wider selection of reviews. It isn't something I would ever have expected I would want to play, despite having read all the books and owning all the movies on bluray. It might be something I pick up in a year or so, when all the bugs have been squashed and the game is a lot cheaper. I live in the south-west of England, which is where a lot of the names of characters were taken from (e.g. the Dursleys, Harry's awful relatives, are named after a village/small town nearby called Dursley, while Diagon Alley was based on a little.cobble-stoned lane in Exeter where a friend of mine used to work - JK Rowling went to university in Exeter) so I often get a strong sense of nostalgia from the Potter books/films. I think this would likely be even more true from playing this game, which makes it more enticing.  I'm surprised Jake made no mention of the huge amounts of ire pointed at Rowling for her stance on trans issues. I guess Gameranx purposely avoided it, perhaps.
Jake, I hope you don’t feel like your voice is annoying - you’re lovely to listen to pal!
When a game releases on PS5/xbox/PC please start doing videos from a gamer's perspective. I'm not asking for doing a graphical comparison and asking to to talk about the differences. How is the gameplay comparable to each? the do the PS5 adaptive triggers and such make is worth playing over the others xbox/PC etc.
YOU CAN PET THE CAT ! That's an automatic 8/10.
What about the GTA6 review? Oh wait my bad I'm from 20 years in the future when it finally came out.
Does anyone know if this has a photomode? Also Jake! Fantastic video as usual dude!
TOO LATE
Did the preload a few hours ago.  Waiting for 1pm EST to finally play!
(John 3:16,17) "For God so loved the world, that He gave His only begotten Son, that whosoever believes in Him should not perish, but should have eternal life. For God did not send His Son into the world to condemn the world, but that the world might be saved through Him." (Romans 10:9,10) "That if you confess with your mouth the Lord Jesus and believe in your that God has raised Him from the dead, thou shalt be saved. For with the heart, man believeth unto righteousness and with the mouth confession is made unto salvation."
Seems like besides nailing the school itself everything else is generic and uninteresting, that’s a shame really, especially with repetitive combat.
Im looking forward to playing on steam deck lol.   Im glad they didnt call it Harry Potter yada yada. I feel like JK rowling kinda threw herself in the corner with calling the series Harry Potter. I get its the main character lmao. I guess its similar to how Halloween 1 and 2 had Myers and 3 came out and people are like wtf lol.  But definitely looking forward to it tomorrow.
Great review, Jake.
Never preorder. No exceptions.
And this it after I buy. Pre ordered years ago
Ah yes the after you buy show.
Thanks bro, I will buy this on steam sale. Now off to elden ring for NG+4
this game is for 5 year olds.
What's "a normal time of year"? 😅
Jake created Will Poulter as his character lmao
Serious question guys, is Falcon some kind of furry?
Is it possible to pick your house manually? I do not want to be put into slytherin at all costs.
I just hope the PS4 version will run well
I’d really like to hear more about the simillarities with other WB games than ”it feels like a lot of wb games” and then moving on.  So what’s simillar? Because mad max doesn’t feel similar at all to the mordor games..
I am puzzled about the "not the greatest combat ever" statement. Like, I am inclined to agree with it, because I personally haven't found a game where I fully love the combat - the closest thing for me was Sekiro for example, but there too stones can be thrown for it having relatively little customization comparatively. I think any combat system can be defined as either "good" or "bad" at most, as all of them have objective traits about them that can be nitpicked, so  I genuinely wonder what came up in Baldino's head when he said "greatest combat ever".
Please lets not forget this is just another Harry Potter game, i mean, this saga is not famous for being awesome games but for making us feel like another wizard and being entertained. I don't want a game that give me a million ways to do things, i want a good story and yea i want to be a wizard thats it
I love this game
2:25 bro you good?
I was hyped but it's not bad but not good I think 💬
Can you fly inches from the ground/water?
I hope it does good so one day they can do a one piece game like this
If only I had a Tarnished... all the more No lord ahead
Tf? We're there even 10 people in that whole castle? Lol
I'll definitely get it at some point, maybe when it has been upgraded a bit, dlc added perhaps or just on sale down the line. Still got plenty other stuff to dive into
Bummer i had higher hopes, Naaaa I'll pass, it just feels like a lil kids game. Young kids will enjoy it. Its on the same tier as lego games or minecraft in my mind.  I don't personally like Harry Potter movies, they didn't appeal to me at all, I guess cause there kid movies.  It looks good graphically, ill give it that. but its still a kids game with kids lore. If i was 12 it would be pretty cool i bet. But being an adult I'll pass on swinging a lil stick around and poofing things. Have fun kids.
All I heard was flying on a broom
There are 26 spells
This is the perfect Harry Potter game
Too late... i already preorder :))
4:57  student: "its so sad steve jobs died of ligma" enemy: "who the hell is steve jobs?" student: "ligma balls"
I'm especially excited about any game my wife gets excited about
To be fair with the glitches, The day 1 patch hasnt come out yet
I rather watch "Before You Buy" 🤣
Very quick Hogwarts legacy review. It’s everything we wanted Forspoken to be and more! 🎉
1
I was waiting for this review before buying. IGN reviews suck and I’ve found anything they say I gotta take it with a grain of salt.  As a person that didn’t like Harry Potter for the longest time, I am very much looking forward to this game.
The castle just seems so dead
Can you use avada kedabra?
My wife is a big harry Potter fan so I pre-ordered this for her and I'll be honest I personally haven't read any of the books or watched any of the movies. My knowledge of the series is minimal, I know nothing except tid-bits I've seen here n there while she's watching or what she's told me about. But I think she may have to share this one, everything I've seen so far says it's a must play. Your review helped a lot in convincing me to play it,  it was informative and didn't paint the illusion of flawless. like so many reviewers out there tend to do when it's something they were bound to love, be it good or bad. The fandom I've heard from reviewers for this game makes me feel I will not appreciate it on the same level as many will, but maybe now I'll give the books and movies a shot after playing this. Thanks for a top tier review.
Here we go Huffle..... here we go... Smoke and Puff!!!!! Here we go Huffle..... here we go... Smoke and Puff!!!!! ...Shhhhh.... teacher coming, put the green down... we'll smoke it later!!!!
Can you use the unforgivable curses  in school or only in the arena ?
I think they’ve left a lot for them to build on with DLC’s (whether free or paid for) which can definitely involve some great additions throughout that vary from things people want to extra missions etc
This gonna be GOTY🔥🔥
Quite a problematic review, but okay.
More hyped for this shit than I was for cyberpunk lol
Ok I was already sold, but when he mentioned I can learn Flipendo, well I am even more sold.
You just sent a bunch of non-existing trans people to the ER just by playing this game. Twitter told me so!
Just needs more Spells, 16 is not enough for a "Magic" Game.
It's here!
My biggest problem with this game is the money I'd indirectly be giving to someone as spiteful as JKR. I'd rather wait to find a pre-owned version for cheap at GameStop.
They need to have a feature where you can just hold down the trigger button for continuous combos. That would make the flow of combat a bit less tedious.
How much were you paid? 💀 ☠️
never watched harry potter in my life, & i feel like this game is for harry potter fans don’t know if i’ll enjoy it as it looks like it’s more towards storytelling & cinematics with slight gameplay focus idk
Man, that fast running animation is taken from an entirely other game.... but I can't recall which one. Once I remember it, I'ma edit my post. Edit: FRIDAY THE 13TH THE GAME! The male characters run the exact same way!
honestly doesnt look like its worth buying, just wait for winter discounts.
It's actually possible to do a review without bringing in JK... 🤯
Funny how Jake says his voice is annoying when I find it’s really Soothing and easy to listen to.
1 question I have: does the plot happen before or after HP movies?
Romance options/love interests would be icing on the cake.
Best game page on YouTube that I know of
Red dead redemption but with wizards
Thank you Jake
no one’s mentioned the battle arena that’s only available with the deluxe edition. are we missing out?
No. Bought the delux edition. Some time ago. I don't care. I've grown up with the books. I'm getting my letter TODAY!
Hogwarts legacy..seems more like Oxford legacy...this is probably the best game ever created by humanity...
Jake and ACG are really the only two I listen two. Both seem genuine in their reviews and aren't afraid to lay out pro's AND cons.
Trains should be killed.
Pre-ordered the shit out of this game, but came here just to bee 300% sure that game is good =)) Love you Jake, amazing content !
I dont think you have an annoying voice
So on xbox I'm seeing that you have to preorder the digital deluxe version just to get series s|x optimization.. that's pretty fucking stupid
You don't have an annoying voice man
Any ideas on why the PC gamers got left out in the freezing cold for 12 hours while everyone else got to play it at midnight?
Thanks for being honest and thorough as always. I can't wait to play this game. Some things like your house doesn't matter is a little disappointing. I figured each house would have its own pros and cons. Screw the weirdo activists trying to cancel this game. House Slytherin 🐍
Any info on the haptic feedback, no1 talks about it but it was heavily advertised in a video
Before I buy? I got special edition weeks ago lol
This game is amazing! So excited to play it tomorrow!
Am I the only one really bothered by the fact that from within or outside the castle we cannot see through windows? I imagine it would be technically difficult, but still…
Alway the best reviewer games, gameranx always honest, if the game bad he said bad, if its good he said good.   Which is better standar or deluxe?
Boycott failed LOL
Thank you guys for still doing a before you buy and ignoring the ridiculous controversy surrounding this game.
looks pretty decent but not worth 70 euro's in my opinion.
Aren’t you gonna slam JK Rowling like all the other companies? Haha. Appreciate you just reporting on the game.
Great review thanks brotha I think I’ll try this am game out plus I like JK Rowling she gives zero fucks my kinda girl
how confused do you think americans will get when they say it's autumn and not use the word fall. america is the only country that calls autumn that after all. and i'm gonna enjoy the hell out of this game.
They said roughly 25-27 spells , is it only 16??
Damn. I really, really want to play this game. Just makes it hurt all the more that I can't, and never will. Rowling ruined the entire universe for me forever, and I'll never be able to enjoy anything in it again.
You could have spoken little more bit about story..
If they added more intelligent NPC’s and more immersion options with little things in the world this game would’ve been flawless. Easy 8.5 or 9 could’ve been a 10
The fact that you know your voice is slightly annoying makes me like you.  I liked the video because of this.
Seems kinda lifeless without multiplayer or interactable npcs.. maybe they could do like how some Souls games do  and show the ghost of other live players or Something
I dunno, at least giving some kind of nod to the drama about pre-order rewards would've been nice dudes
Equipment UI looks identical to Assassins Creed Odyssey. Guess they poached Ubsoft's guys.
Why are people complaining about random filler NPC not having voice lines like yo were you really going to walk around and try talk to every person instead of playing the game
Me watching this knowing I already pre ordered the game
i'm glad they created a campaign not based on the  hp books.....so now there's no spoilers
Graphics look good 👍
I'm a hardcore harry potter fan and I am so looking forward to this game especially considering its well before harry potter existed. I was worried about the combat myself as I didn't know how they were going to implement it so it's a relief to see its fun and that while a little bit tedious is engaging. Your reviews are always so well done and I'm even more excited for this game now!  ❤
Your voice is wonderful bro ❤
Thx! Was on the fence abt this one but now I’m gonna get it. Appreciate the reviews, honesty, & just straight up gameplay
u dont have an annoying voice lmao. made me feel sad when u said that lol
This is the only one before you buy what I was waiting for.
gameranx I think this is the only game where you can pass off the visual glitches as part of the game environment i.e. a magical game setting and students appearing out of no where or t posing or glitchy areas can be counted as magical phenomenon 🤣🤣
If they make a quidditch dlc I will buy it!
Looks Great 👍
Thank you J.K. Rowling!!!
Lots of pop in. Aside from that it looks really good.
You do NOT have an annoying voice, Jake.
Meh. Boring.
I am not a harry potter fan at all but I'm glad this game didn't flopped, I was worried about it becoming a Gotham Knights but luckily they avoided that. I even got interested in trying the game, exploring the school looks like fun, I love the architecture. Finding out that this is actually a nice game makes me more pissed off for Gotham Knights, this is the proof that it is possible to make good open world games based on existing media, just focus on making level and progression design a fun experience.
100% sounds like typical rpg from recent times with Harry potter make-up, I feel like they should have gone harder into the school experience
To me, this looks like an upgrade of the already-decent-then Half-Blood Prince game on basically every level, and I mean that in the best possible way. Thanks for the great review!
How are my trans people doing? You buying or boycotting?
I'd like to see a game (or anything really) based on "The Secrets of the Immortal Nicholas Flamel" series. Honestly anyone that likes Harry Potter should read that series, has a similar magic world hidden in the real world vibe.
Been waiting for this one!! Thanks for the honesty jake👍🏻🙌🏼 now im even more hyped about the game
Can not wait to dive in to this! I pre-ordered on both PS5 (so my gf can play it also) and PC. This before you buy only made me that much more excited!
I hope they add DLC
Jake if you have an annoying voice we wouldn’t be here watching this video
Deluxe edition is not letting play at all on my ps5 smh 😒
I probably won't get this but I read all the Harry Potter books when I was a kid and man it would of been unbelievable having this gane back then!  Beats the PS1 game I had haha
only one nerdy lore thing I will say... Fire magic is notoriously hard to master and it seems like it's a regular staple of the game.
I want a Lord of the Rings game with this level of detail and respect for the world.
James Baldino? No no no Basil Hayden! Yes yes yes
LOVING THIS GAME!  My only issue is a small one that i can easily overlook is the slight stop going into new places.  Cant wait to see my misses and little one have their adventure on this over the next few weeks.
Your voice is fine.
Jake, I don't think your voice is annoying at all. Great review on this, I was skeptical about this but I'm considering picking it up more than before.
Can't blast random people. Can't abuse the house elves. Can't visit muggle towns. No guns. No pooping machanic 0/10 bad game
dude I dreamed of this game when I was 12 years old so needless to say I'm glad it here
Gotta say, gameranx as always is a class act. Thank you gameranx for always keeping it 💯 👌
Is this fucking Jake from PMI?
I'm just happy it's out. There are small flaws but I wouldn't let it get to me. If the Devs make good profit off this they might add DLCs, expansion packs and even enhancing QOL.
Game runs like shit in 1 year old hardware pc, shameful tactics to push people to buy new hardware
this game is pure offline?
“You don’t have to be a little baby kid” lmfao I love this guy man lol
They put so much focus on the physical school that they fell short with it's vibe. They should have added a bit more with classes and students to give you that school vibe since the school itself is such a big aspect of the game.
it just looks like the place we all dreamed of as kids.
It's so messed up that if your like me and still stuck on past gen you gotta wait a few more months to get this bro.
All the early looks for HL have got me cautiously optimistic. Now I'm just stressing over how well optimized it'll be on PC, lol (as someone who games on laptop & has a card that I USED to think was a solid 1080p card...until requirements started getting out of hand the past year or 2. I'm hoping FSR will work better here than it did on the Forespoken demo).
If you guys get early releases are you allowed to say it’s not worth buying, I know you don’t hate anything but can you say you hate a pre-release or will that effect gameranx company relationships? General question
I can't believe how well the developers did. This is basically the Harry Potter game I've wanted since I was 10, and that was a *long* time ago.
I have a serious question...  Is there a camera mode? Because, quite frankly, with as beautiful as this game looks, there will be MANY players (specifically console like me) looking to make themselves some wallpapers.
waiting for it to release on switch
Why would i buy elden rings ripoff?
Anyone know if the ps4 version is still worth buying?
but does it feel like harry potter and the chamber of secrets on the game cube???
"Giving us things more exciting even than the recent spinoff movies" You set the bar so low that it's basically a tripping hazard in hell
I wonder if there are romantic options like you can get a girlfriend or boyfriend etc. Something like a Mass effect or like a dragon age where you have romanceable characters
Not being able to interact with NPC's is a massive con in my opinion.
They should update it where you can blast any student looking at you funny 😂
I guess now we'll appreciate npc dialogue more, we used to take it for granted that every "daily things"dialogue with npc add so much more to the feels of the game, i don't know how it will gonna be like in hogwarts legacy does it makes you empty doing quest and quest without talking to npc in between? does the world feel static? Npc dialogues are one of the most important things in rpg for me, like hearing some dude sht his pants for eating too much or an innocent things like a kid being shunned off by his friends cause the fight or something, you get the idea. Im looking forward on playing this!
Ugh a colored loot system...I utterly hate those. Other than that the game looks really good, but I've lowered my expectations a bit.
I'm so hyped! I've got to wait until 6pm GMT though as of right now I'm doing my best to avoid spoilers 😅
This game is so bad. Waste of money.
with regard to npc's not reacting it may seem a bit odd but the alternative of having them repeat the same dialog or interaction everytime you see them is much worse i got the point in skyrim where i was saying thier lines as i approached them knowing it was always the same so it only works on the first few passes thru before you find it immersion breaking.
Would’ve been really cool if they did 1v1 pvp duels.
I am so happy that you said flipendo. I heard it in one of the early release videos but no one else called it out.
I'm so excited for details in the world. For example, the first thing I want to do when given free reign is run up past the divination class room to see Sir Cadogan's portrait and Merlin's self portrait! Merlin should have a second self portrait on one of the walls in the Grand Staircase area, where it may be possible to find the portrait of  Vindictus Viridian which leads to The Room of Rewards. The environmental story telling is what I'm most excited for. What is really there and how deep the rabbit hole goes.
Really is a well thought out reiview/impression. Not overly excited but i´m lookin forward to playing this for nostalgia.
Can’t to wait to complete tasks and missions from 9 to 5.
"NPCs disappear, reappear and it's not apparition" Lol
jake your voice is not annoying bruh we wouldn’t be watching these if it was ❤
I feel like the game leaves a lot of room for improvement yhe way it's implemented. Meaning that it looks like a great game as is but through updates and dlcs it will get even better and implement some of the things people hoped to see like quiddich, better npcs, and maybe a different experience based on the house you choose
It's good to see an unbiased review! Thanks!
“Basil Hayden”  did you name your character after a whiskey? lol
So just how much bigotry is in the game? Just considering that I hear the game is about white wizards putting down an uprising of goblins wanting rights.
I always thought this would be a typical live service game where I'd have to pay for anything/everything good.
From what I've seen, it looks fun, but I keep seeing people who say to boycott the game so the author doesn't get any more support because of their latest hate speech.
Great reviews from Jake and ACG, damn. I was not planning on picking this game up because I am not that into Harry Potter but it looks really great.
Different houses have a different amount of sidequests.
I've been a huge Harry Potter fan since I read the books as a kid. I still consider them my favorite books/movies ever! I am so excited for this game! Also I really hope this game is good because I want to explore every single thing I can.
No thanks, Harry Potter games were cool in like...2002 when I was a child lol.  I'm much more looking forward to Wanted: Dead.  That game looks cool.
Almost 1M views in under 24hours. 🫡🔥
lets be honest, im downloading while watching this
Thank you so much for staying true to gamers and not for shoving politics down our throats like most other out of touch game journalists.  Have been watching your videos for more than a year now. Hands down the best source for all things gaming! 👍
How's the underwater swimming? Lots of caves to explore? Loot?
I love watching these videos after I've already pre ordered the deluxe edition
Deff been a while. But this game made me wanna get back on !
Now i want BULLY remake with hogwarts graphics.
I like how he doesn't score just tells you about it and you decide if you want to buy or not
Thank you Jake! For not bringing JK Rowling BS into a 'Game Review'. Looking forward to this game when it launches on 10th.
GAMERANX > other game reviews
I find it incredibly satisfying that all the reviewers are basically saying it’s a really good game.. even ign… 😂 I guess the whole campaign to boycott or sabotage this game realllllly backfired. momentously. And I’m so glad!
As some one with crippling arachnophobia....how bad is it?...
LAVATE LAS MANOS
I just hate the fact that the inventory and ui is literally dying lights 2s there’s like no difference
Before I buy? Too late, already pre-ordered. Just here to justify my purchase.😁
I'm buying it to support JK Rowling.
Refreshing to just see a game and nothing transactional slapping you in the face. Also shoutout to the bourbon reference 👍
as someone who was never into this franchise and is also pretty burnt out on the openworld genre, this looks fantastic
Literally unplayable. Worst game in existence. You’re telling me that I can’t play with my Ark character?
isnt it 26 spells not 16? or am i tripping
How is it glitchy? Is it ever unplayable?
A.C. Origins , coMBaT tempLaTE ~ re-boRN !!!!!!!!!!!! woOooOo hoOooOoo ;- )
Game looks good. Im excited! I hope more games go the rdr2 route by being able to talk to all random npcs
This looks good as we are stuck in lego harry Potter, we need new start :) ps.where are the other 9 of open world games for kids :)
Students T-posing isn’t a glitch, they’re just asserting their dominance
Students T-posing isn’t a glitch, they’re just asserting their dominance
Students T-posing isn’t a glitch, they’re just asserting their dominance
Been waiting for this game for so long, I'm a big Harry Potter fan, so can't wait to jump in, but I'm hoping the PS4 version is good, although I wish I had a PS5, anyway, thanks for the Before You Buy, I knew I would only really be able to get truly excited once I watched your Before You Buy. 👍
Summary. if you're a Potter Head, this is a no-brainer, a must play. For non Potterheads, this is like any other open world RPG you've probly played before
Does this game offer 3d audio mode?
wish it was more adult based... seems VERY much like a children's game...but I bet kids will love it!!!
Flipendo!!
They need to remaster, or remake or whatever “Quidditch World Cup”
I really think this game is good but the sequel to it has potential to be AMAZING now that they have a base to build off of, give us co op/multiplayer elements, more school life elements, romance options, and quidditch and it’ll sell well
Because you are well spoken your voice is easy to listen to.
I hope they'll release Fantastic Beasts DLC or something that adds a new map. Would be great to see that
You're all shemalephobic
Flipendo is the GOAT spell
who asked
Does it snow??? 🌨☃️
The game actually looks rather fun. I just wish JKR didn't make herself persona non grata and ruin my love for the setting. Anyhoo, I'm glad to hear it's good from all sources. I'll be sitting it out but hope all the people who are still Potter fans will enjoy it.
The PC port doesn't look good and the optimization is also like elden ring's PC port.
@gameranx Reminder that JK Rowling is an extreme Transphobe and by supporting this game you are supporting her discriminatory ideology (Her words, not mine). The developers have already been paid. Please do not support JK Rowling or this game.
Huh, @12:38 into the video, an in-game sentence was uttered  "Slytherin Student: It's good Black's children are too young to attend Hogwarts. " Can somebody please make sense of that for me? And the game looks dope as well
not 60fps?
Glitchy? You mean magic :3
What would be cool is have a complex spell system to do creative things to dispel other spells in various ways. Kind of like the grand scale that you would see for example: Dumbledore's fight with Voldemort in the Ministry of Magic.
How does it run on steam deck?
Cry leftist commie lunatics…cry more
I’m mostly glad a company put some big effort to make a AAA Harry Potter game when most Harry Potter games that have come out in the past 10 years are mobile click games
Hope it fails
I am disappointed that there are no beans to collect
I think mods and 2 years time will make this a much better game. I'm waiting until then.
Yeah... I'm hearing microtransactions.
Oh Jake, we love your voice. We trust your voice. Take our adoration and accept your greatness!
The devs deserve a lot of credit. For the past 15 or so years Avalanche Software has developed Disney games exclusively. From Chicken Little to Bolt to Disney Infinity and this is their first triple A game. Other than the glitches I really think they passed with flying colors. I’m so fucking hyped.
I hope they make patches
You can lift goats!? I'm sold.
For a studio who's last games were Cars and Disney Infinity, I'm really impressed with what they've pulled off. Looking forward to seeing it grow and improve on their future projects.
Man ion even like Harry Potter but I’m gonna pick this game up, I’ll become the wizard king
The way he talks about this sounds like it’s an average 7/10 game. And it really does seem like it will be. My pre-order already posted yesterday but maybe I should lower my expectations just so it doesn’t bombard me
Tbh, as soon as the internet mob exploded saying you’re not allowed to buy this game and if you do you’re a horrible person… I immediately preordered as a giant middle finger to the mobs trying to shame people for enjoying a fantasy world that many of us grew up with.    It’s a beautiful open world fantasy rpg with what looks like a competent magic system and countless hours of fun, what’s not to love about that.  P.S.  Gameranx, I deeply appreciate you keeping the internet noise out of this one and judging the game for it’s own merits.
In Jake we trust!!
Where my Slytherins at. God multiplayer was such a missed opp because its so fun.
What I want to know is if this game is overly political. I know about the whole controversy around people claiming anyone buying the game are transphobic, but I'm afraid it's just bad way either way, where ignorant people claim it's transphobic because J.K. Rawling had an opinion they didn't like, but the game is actually full of liberal bullshit. I just want self enclosed games that don't have some bullshit allegories or whatever to real world political bullshit.
so far im enjoying the exploration and combat but the story is a borefest. the dialogue puts me to sleep.
kinda sad that pc gamers cant get the 72 hours early play that was paid for with the preorder. Still get the hippogriff though so thats cool
It's just soo safe. I mean it was to be expected, but it also puts me off. Will wait until I see what the dlc will bring.
Can you join Slytherin and bully the minority students? That's all I'm really hoping to do.  Nvm I guess not. NPCs are wall dressing.
Can anyone imagine if Hogwarts Legacy were developed by ATLUS with their social links feature, JRPG style and story telling like Persona series? I think it might be fun 😁
I’m fittna make Voldemort look like a Gryffindor.
Bro I love your voice
One thing I'm really worried about is the PS4 version. I'm dying to buy this game on day one but I have a base PS4. I don't mind the jet engine sounds it will probably make but I'm concerned about performance, how well it will play and how many graphical issues it will have (pop-up textures, geometry glitches and such), not to mention the loading times...
Watching this even tho I have the deluxe edition downloaded just love ur videos lol
Hey we’re back, with another episode of “after you buy” FTFY Jake 😂
your voice is fine mate, keep it up <3
i've never seen or read anything Harry Potter..so this isnt really grabbing me in and of itself without me being hype cause Harry Potter
This would be a perfect vr game
The only way i could play this is high asf
This may just become one of my favorite games of all time
Bully: Magical University Edition i hope it is good ❤️
Game looks like it gets boring after a few hours of combat or exploring. I’ll wait for this one.
be civil
tooooo late i am just watching this to waste time for the last hour
tbf most of npcs in open world games are non interactable
Pacing of uogrades is often overlooked and under appreciated when it's done well. Metro Exodus has excellent pacing. Dying Light 2 and Horizon Zero Dawn, not so much.
What about that new SpongeBob game 🤣👀
not bad but still cant beat that Harry potter and the prisoner of Azkaban  that game is on another level.
Good coverage. Many others without fortitude shy away. A game is good or bad and I want to hear your opinion.
Shoulda been 4 player co-op
It's kinda nit-picky, but one things that's bugging me is this mouse style type of menu navigation on a controller, i feel it only makes things slower and less practical
Just had to chuckle when I saw the elf Deek.  Thanks for the good review!
Did I miss something do I have co-op?
this is much better than ign game reviews
LOVED MAD MAX!
I am personally really excited. I owned and Played 2 on PC with my sister. I think both of us finished the game multiple times, it was so fun to play. I also played parts of 1 on a friends PC and the during university I finished 6, also on PC but it wasn't as memorable as 2. I am looking forward to saving up my cash for this one and perhaps buying it for my birthday in May.
I'll wait for discount sale
This game makes you FEEL like a Terf 10/10. - IGN
wait dude im not even a harry potter fan and this looks good
That incendio-to-end-card transition was clean as fuck
I was hoping the NPCs would react to me firing offensive spells but no response whatsoever. Other than Hogwarts looks great.
easily the best reviewer on the platform
time to watch the latest Before You Buy about a game i bought a week ago
Series X here, 6hours played. Runs well graphical glitches tho not too common either
When I was younger I would have loved a game like this, but I can't in good conscience support this game. Devs look like they did a great job, just a shame they supported JKR.
Wow, this has a minimap.
I recently bought a 4080 so I can crank this game up with all the goodies.
This would be game of the year if it has multiplayer
Good luck on Twitter Jake. I love you but fear for you
harry styles as your playable character in hogwarts
wait this is literally gta: hogwarts edition
I think I'll wait to pick up a second hand copy, so JKR wont get another dime off me
The game is very meh, very repetitive and the npc’s are boring that feel like robots, overall disappointing not worth over $20 🫤
You even get to go around banging chicks just like high school
So no microtransactions so far sure there could be one added after launch can't trust games till they are out and a few months in
HEY GAMERANX! Can you guys come out with some merchandise?! Maybe a Falcon plushie, or stickers or even logo-based T-shirts? "Hey, it's Jack Baldino" Like please give me something to buy please
Damn I not even into the Harry Potter universe but I'm interested now LMAO I should start reading Philosopher's Stone just for fun
Too late to preorder then? 😅
Some of this footage looks like the framerate is quite low. I hope it doesn't have performance issues like that.
When I learned the studio who brought us Mortal Kombat Mythologies Sub Zero was making the game, I knew it was going to be special.
Watching gameplay of this game makes me have the same excitement I had with the first ps1 game, such an escape, blissful joy
For every copy sold, someone with gender dysphoria offs themselves in their empty apartment.
Didn’t forespoken have this combat?
"too badass" well sounds good to me, I like living the prodigy fantasy hahaha btw rewatch Dumbledore vs Woldemort, nothing in this game comes remotely close to that kind of badass
Too late. Already bought it.
Looks amazing and I've seen all the movies....never read the books though. Still I think it's a really fun game from what I've seen so far.
GOD why all games want Spiders for enemy some people are arachnophobe the same happen in Star wars jedi fallen order
I’d love to see them explore the world with the next game , like a game where you’re a auror  or fantastic beast like game
Facial animation is still terrible. Sad
Apple should have made an effort to bring this game to Mac gamers at launch instead of Resident Evil Bug Village
Already did, so fk off everybody
Too bad I already bought it but nice to see your take on this. Tried all 4 houses yesterday and was fun interacting with students in common room.
Can I have a beard?? lol
Why isn’t anyone mentioning it’s also on PS4?
This game needed some sort of multiplayer , the combat could be perfect for it
Can you preload on steam?
Wish I could have a good pc that can run this. 😢
This game doesn't have any bugs, it's all magic, just remember a wizard did it
Poor goat man 😕
This game needs like another year till its ready.
the NPC problem just makes me think about multiplayer and enrolling into a server (school term) turning it into an MMO RPG
my older sister was a book worm for the original harry potter series. she adores the franchise and was never much of a gamer. she took me to all the movies and book premieres.  To repay her, I took her to Universal just before covid and to see her face was priceless. Now I bought her the game for her sons PS5. Now I get to see her make her own "Harry Potter" experience.  To say I'm excited would be an understatement.
looks like a solid buy. was on the fence about this 1.
This is one of the few games that makes me REALLY intrigued as to what possible DLC they could introduce!
So  for someone who's not a big Harry Potter fan but has liked  final fantasy xiv and wizards magic  and stuff  would it be good?
Jake bud, you literally said the npcs don’t react and then two seconds later casted a spell which prompted them to turn around in shock.
Modders are going to have a field day.
the game looks trash, bad animations cheesy looking spells, baron areas with non interactive NPC,s very very short main story like one day short, not including side quests
It looks promising and the Harry Potter slap of paint is neat, but this looks like every other open world game that has released in the past 15 years.
Bully 2.0 ?
Game is 6.5
Hey man I liked the movies except for fantastic beasts but was never a mega fan. I was just waiting for reviews and now I’ll definitely jump in!
Technically, it doesn't matter if I watch this because I've already pre-ordered the game and it's playable in about an hour. But I love this channel so here's to you guys.
I want to play it for the nostalgia. I’ll never get that feeling of seeing PS1 Hagrid for the first time again, but I think this will scratch an itch.
Before you buy but let me ruin the whole gameplay and story for you 🤦🏽‍♂️
Jake you did NOT name your character Basil Hayden lol. I love it.
Crucio!
The only Before you buy video I watched after I bought the game.. Coz its Hogwarts legacy!! Cheers!!
Here's some facts that might trigger you.  A trans woman is not a real woman, and a trans man is not a real man. And if you question this logic, then I must ask that you actually define what a man and a woman is without referencing sexual biology.
Why was there spiders in the dark forest? Didnt haggard bring spiders with his aragog(or what ever that spiders name was)? If so and this is based long before all that how did spiders end up in the forest? I guess the answer would be magically there was other spiders in the forest. Ok, just think that wasnt right.
I’m really glad reviewers are for the most part doing their jobs and telling us whether or not the game is good and leaving the politics out of it. I expected to have to dig thru steam and Reddit to find unbiased appraisals but that’s not the case and I really appreciate it.
This is looking like it's not quite the game Potter fans have been waiting for. It seems like a start, but it's more like a Hogwarts playground. And extremely generic action shooter with RPG elements with a coat of wizarding paint on it.  I'll still play it, but I was wanting something with more depth. More character growth. Something that leaned into the RPG elements a lot more heavily.
Jesus Christ this game looks like it’s from 2015 lol
I hope eventually someone finds an Easter egg where we can actually see In-Game Harry Potter suffering in his little room under the stairs🤣🤣
Looks empty
You've got an alright voice Jake, it's got good energy to it.
Best foundation for the next HP game, i already can see the next game becomes a goty, if they add more of the sim element and flesh out the other student npc
Did you guys really make Tom Holland?
Stfu can’t tell me what to buy
Ok, now let me ask. And I can NOT emphasis this enough. Is there a photomode?
Fck those social ''warriors'' telling me what to do... I buy 2 copies now Just to spite them ;P
Alteast it's a step in the right direction. If they take their time and really go all the way out in the sequels. Then it'll be awesome
thanks for save my money Mr. Baldino
i bought and have been playing for 8 hours straight :)
I'm so excited for my copy to arrive!
No money for TERFS.
How is an AAA 100$ game still glitchy a week before relise? Gosh, game industry.
Thank you so much for being honest. Thank you for leaving out the politics. Thank you so much for not pandering or even a disclaimer. Just, Is game good or not? Well done. I’ve been with y’all for a long time. I was so afraid of being disappointed. I love this channel so much right now.
Just buy it, Its 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
How much fun would you say someone would have with this game if they know absolutely zero about Harry Potter?
no mames, con el puro intro de tu video lo fui a comprar se ve super perron.
Only 16 spells … tf
Yupp this is how I plan to jump back in after reading the Goblet of Fire over 20 years ago 🥴
I was a little disappointed in the old games because I knew the books by heart so it became boring knowing exactly how & when stuff was going to happen. So I am stoked for my own personal adventure! As someone who has photosensitive epilepsy, if anyone reads my comment, is there strobe effects? If so can I turn them off?
Just don't buy it. Go donate to a good cause instead. Don't support JK's transphobia.
Hate that their is no Quidditch. Otherwise I like this game so far.
Every other review: wahh jk Rowling almost killed me with words
I think it’s a bit of a missed opportunity for them to not lean into the RPG potential of the Harry Potter world. Hopefully a developer makes a real Hogwarts sim someday
Thanks for the review. Great content as always.
Not really a Harry Potter fan, but I’m a gamer and excited for another WB open world game.
Lol I'm conflicted I hate jk Rowling But this game looks so good
i'am a very low expectation type of person, i'm still waiting for a phoenix video AHAHAHA🤣
fo-ward
I am quite literally almost done with the game and it’s technically not even out for pre release yet
Man I am so glad this game landed it. After Forspoken, I needed this game to really land it.
Shoulda been an MMO. Even a short one shoulda been
As usual i can always appreciate the gameranx review but I’ll love to see a personal video from Jake
Wow, is that Tom Riddle?
Hey Jake, your voice isn't annoying man. It's the familiar voice of someone I've watched review games for years now, and imo you've been a solid base to compare if I'd like the game or not. Saved me from quite a few games I wouldn't enjoy, and introduced me to some I would've never tried. Keep it up Jake
Even if i have the game in my hands I don't fully trust it until Jake gives me his opinion on it
I am jumping back in this looks really good.
I think there are 26 spells in total…. Including 3 unforgivable curses.
I love y'all but it bugs me that your end tittle card isn't centered ... And yes I know this is some nit picky shit but, I can't be the only who this bugs ... Anyway thanks for the great daily videos I look forward to them everyday.
nice, waiting for female body mods
i have a fear of spiders and this video, the mc fighting multiple creepy crawlers got my excitement from level 10 to 5 lol
These videos are nothing but the guy complaining about how the game isn't EXACTLY how he wants it. These devs worked on this game for so many years and somehow its still not good enough for you spoiled and entitled children.
Really good review, as always! 👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼
The sorting hat putted me in Hufflepuff lol so I prolly just stick with it instead of just picking it
Hogwarts, where every day is the equivalent to an active shooter event.
Bee playing for like 3 days and it's awesome, combat is done well, very happy with it
From the exchanges I hear, it's pretty standard and is held up entirely by the brand. A "Before you buy" that's more "What you'll buy". So, it's fully whatever you believe it to be. So, it fits.
1:26 poor goat 😢
I can't say how disappointed I am in this review in how blind it feels to the many stated issues as well as the fact that the games plot is putting down a antisemitic trope filled goblin rebellion. I hoped and expected better from the people here but I see that nostalgia takes precedence over bigotry.
I’m so conflicted. This looks amazing and I loved Harry Potter growing up, but I don’t want to support JK Rowling.
I’m so conflicted. This looks amazing and I loved Harry Potter growing up, but I don’t want to support JK Rowling.
JAKE! I CAN SPEAK FOR EVERYONE WHEN I SAY YOUR VOICE IS NOT ANNOYING
Imagine a triwizard tournament or quidditch world cup DLC for this game!
I wish we had quidditch. I hope they add it later
Once again, I’ve already pre-ordered it, and am just watching the Before You Buy to justify dropping cash on it.   Absolutely can’t wait to get sunk in!
Before you buys are basically reviews where they say how great a game is with a teeny bit of criticism (let's be real, if a popular reviewer says a game is bad then they will stop getting review copies). Any time before you buy mentions a bad thing about a game then you know it must be really bad  I mean IGN was like bad this bad that bad these other things and then 9/10 review score
there's 26 spells muggles
Do not support anything made by the vile J.K. Rowling.
I hope PC players won't get scammed. Only showing PS5 footage is kinda sus, but only showing PC would be even more sus I guess.
wow.... this is weird, "before you buy"? but its number one sold, top selling on handful of platforms....
Love these
IGN: 10 min review, mostly filler. Not informative  Gameranx: 14 min review, zero filler, all information
i am genuinely confused how are people playing the game already?,its still locked for me ,it even says "released in 3 days"
So this seems overall very reasonable for a $60 launch doesn’t bring anything too special except for fans of the series. Will grab on sale some point for sure
The opportunities for DLC are endless. With a solid game, I don't mind purchasing DLC in the future.
The little glitches that aren’t gamebreaking can be patched out. However kind of a bummer they’re present here  I also dislike the pop in characters when entering different rooms. Things should flow a bit better than that
Honestly the thing is that I haven't heard anything that would immediately put down my money. The politics around this are tepid at best and the combat just feels SO slightly off. But it would be a genuine injustice not to say the game "feels" right even as an audience member.  I do readily think in the end, love it or hate it, I think Potter fans as a whole need the IP to find a better footing without cash grabs and pulls for nostalgia which even the Universal attractions play up for. It needs new life with a new audience that takes concept and "runs with it".  I think even the source material is showing its age too, tbh. Even then it's like star wars. A children's ip. It needs to find a home with that audience first and foremost.
JAKE! You forgot to talk about traveling and broom flying!
Other than the beautiful detailed visual... how is this game compared to Forspoken?
If you want to support a TERF, buy this game.  If you want to support equal rights for everyone, don't.  The Dev's have already been paid for this..Any money spent on this game goes right into JK Rowlings pocket.
Can't WAIT to go to Slytherin.
I'm personally not into Harry Potter and magic combat in games usually is boring for me, but this game definitely looks amazing and really well-done for fans of the series. It looks like an ultimate Harry Potter game instead of just a game cashing in on the franchise.
Your jake baldino
I've never watched your content before, but as someone who has consumed hundreds of thousands of hours of content over the years, your voice isn't annoying lol
God I'm so ready 🤘🏾🤘🏾🤘🏾
Gives me "bully" vibes. Man the good old days.
I pre ordered deluxe because I hope on getting a PS5 soon but for now I have a ps4 and have to wait until April. Also I know nothing about Harry Potter but live open world games and recently rpgs like Elden Ring. Soooo it’s either gonna be really good and I’ll be so hyped for April or it’s gonna be really bad and I’m gonna dread April.
At 3:40 Jake farts.
I am a diehard super harry potter fan. I am super excited for this game and can't wait to get it on pc. Hopefully those graphical issues won't exist there but I certainly won't let it ruin my experience. A little sad to know that your house and wand don't mean much in the grand scheme of things but that would be a lot for them to code differently so I understand why it doesn't.
Would've love to see Quidditch Tournaments in the game
My gaming computer wont even play this game with minimum requirements. I am so bummed....I need more RAM and other things...sighs.
Bro your voice isn’t annoying
Too late I already bought :(
Games based on movies are always bad. This... Everything I've seen has looked fantastic. Currently purchasing
I'm sure it's great. Just can't stand the wand waving, no casting time, and mana free casting, makes this a twitch game, not very strategic. Am a dungeons and dragons and mmorpg fan since childhood, and a staff with a dagger is my usual battle mage. Wands turn me off. Customizing your room has been done on mmorpgs for decades, it's nothing new, I did it first on Everquest.
Tbh I wasn't expecting much in the house department after hearing their would be no quidditch or points system. Beyond those there aren't really all that many purposes for the house since every student does the same classes.
I wish this game had an Arachnophobia mode like that overgrown game. I guess I'll just have to nut up =/
As an RPG fan this is a bit of a letdown,  but it looks like a great game for bigger Harry Potter fans.
great to see the game itself lives up to expectations one thing i'm still worried about however is PC Performance with the recommended hardware requirements i have a 6700xt which falls between the 1080p 60/1440p 60 on high which is crazy to think about when i can run almost every other game at 1440p high-ultra at 60fps
Bro really named his character after whisky...what a legend
9:35 This school is so magical there are students like that one just teleporting.
I was hoping to interact with the students and make friendships or relationships now that sucks!!!!
glad they did a decent job in it, since I was kinda hyped for it but all my friends were like “oh it’s gonna be bad, they’re going to f**k it up” so I was become skeptical. Thanks for the in-depth review!
Fuck, I already bought it.
But are there the unforgivable curses?
The NPC's should've been like Rockstar's Bully.
I'm not a die hard Harry Potter fan, but I've read the books and own the movies. And I love it enough to want to buy a PS5 just for this game. Well, I want a PS5 regardless, but this game definitely pushes me towards getting one faster.
I hope the nitpicks get addressed in a sequel
I’m impressed. Still probably gonna wait till it’s on sale for $5 in 3 years, but I’m interested
Steam has preload going now
The thing is they already made an incredible looking Castle & world around it. The sky is the limit if they want to add future content to the game.
Only one thing I see that bugs me: All the NPCs seem to have "tired faces."
Have only read the first book before a longgg time ago, this still looks really interesting and something I would buy and play. The graphics look amazing, the open world aspect seems like it has life and will be enjoyable just to explore and solve puzzles and fight, and has a decent loot and cosmetic system. Really seems like the game offers so much and since it’s not really like a “Harry Potter sim”, will be so enjoyable to someone who just enjoys open world games. Thanks for the great video.
A coworker has been hyping this game for a while and this is the first time I've seen it. It looks cool, but I'm not a big Harry Potter fan outside watching the movies once a decade
Woah woah woah what about the pizza Jake HUH IS IT NOT ON YOU ANYMORE!!!
dude your voice is not annoying at all.  Its actually really refreshing for review videos.  keep doing them!
are there a lot of non caucasian-brunet npcs in the game?
w
Ikagine seeing you friend's avatar roaming around Hogwarts while you're playing. Pwede? Pwede! 😂
I've been a huge Potter nerd my whole life. I've read the entire series around 6 or 7 times. I pre-ordered the last book when it came out and I cannot physically be more excited for this game. I pre-ordered it a couple days ago and I'm counting down the minutes until it downloads. I don't ever buy a game before I watch one of these so this is probably the only exception to that rule but I was thrilled to see this on my feed and immediately stopped what I was doing to check it out. Can't wait to get into it!
I’d love a slice of life type of Harry Potter game. Just seems interesting.
I think lots of people where hoping for a wizard 101 and got let down when they didn’t get that.
I think we all have been waiting on this one lol
Harry Potter is...  let's call it burdened by an obnoxious creator. I've heard some things about plot elements that make it sound like the game *could* be going down some incredibly dark paths and I'd been hoping to hear something in this video that would tell me which way that went. Choosing to go spoiler-free wasn't a bad decision, though, for a game review site. I'll keep looking. Algorithms for the algorithm throne and all that.
No multiplayer no online no quidditch matches nothing im pissed I bought it
It's dark souls with a wand
Well that's it's ACG, Gameranx, what gaming and Mr Matty plays are all down w the game.  I'll give it a go!
I still love the memory of that ugly ass poligonal harry running around Hogwarts shouting flipendo
If Rockstar made Hogwarts Legacy i would give them all my money. Hogwarts like bully would've been really good
I feel like if there is a super man game being developed avalanche should be the one to help develop it cuz this game is awesome.
Sorry that I'm late!
Honestly I’ve never watched Harry Potter but I’m looking for something fun to play. Everybody is getting the next-gen consoles now & there isn’t any fun games to play. I’m so burnt out on Cod & 2k/Madden.
This has been the best preview/review I’ve seen. Thanks for the good content.
I was all in on this game, then I heard it only has 16 spells. Elden Ring has 70 and it's not even a sepll focused game, compared to Harry Potter which is literally all spells. Makes me worried about how quick it'll get boring and repetitive.
no sir!!!!! your voice is not annoying
Hello Gameranx!
cant wrap my head around why MMO F tier style combat is good for so many people... gues i will have to get the skull and bones out to find out, the combat just doesnt look good on the surface, looks mobile game repetitive and mobile phone quality/depth....  folks have so much copium issues today, soon as a turd drops folks go 10/10, so i can see with 2013 environmental graphics that are decent and the whole atmosphere of the genre being authentic to harry potter, if u ignore the combat it should be reasonably immersive and be a 20/10 for most copium addicts at this point, but for me... looks like a 4/10... could have been a 8/10 even with last gen graphics if they made the combat look good with more depth then a mobile game and didnt cut corners on the game code... as the game is poorly optimized and depends to heavily of GPU side processing to make up for it... which is why it tanks so bad on PC and the PC control basically suk = no QC and also = they dont care, any dev knows the end result when they do this, so they released the game with these issues and bad code intentionally, to cut on dev costs and dev time...  so not inclined to financially support this.
The glitches and the negative comments are why ps4 is coming later they are smart for that
Lmao you guys were definitely paid to make this game sound good but I appreciate the honest tidbits you guys dropped.  Same old rpg, Harry Potter skin ;)
Me: *screams avada kedavra while pointing my wand at an NPC” The NPC: “oh that boy, what a silly goose!”
Hufflepuff squad  👇
So there's no friends or anything from your house?  Seems kind of odd and lonely for a HP game~
Really great stuff! Awesome work as always! And thank you for not getting political! Huge plus!!
It's the first time that I BUY this before your clip come up.   Ps. Always listen to your suggestion thought. Thanks for every 'before you buy' clip
Game looks and plays like dog shit.
FYI Preloads on steam are live, contrary to what everyone seems to be saying.
Glad to hear my 2nd preorder in in the past few years didn't backfire.
Man's said "flipendo" bro I remember that from a Harry Potter game on PS2. Good times 🤣
So is this a must have?
Too bad this isn’t a online mmo
Preordered. Not ashamed.
The PC Version can now be Pre-Loaded on Steam;  Thankfully.   I was dreading doing it all at like 10am tomorrow or w/e
I can imagine this game will have some sort of online multiplayer similar to GTA Online where you and your friends can hang out in Hogwarts and do quests together
It looks like Witcher 3 or Assassin's Creed Odyssey with a wand... how disappointing.
What is the endgoal/endgame?
Thank you! This is exactly what I’ve been waiting for, the famous ‘before you buy’ video! Looks like the game won’t disappoint at all, can’t wait to play it!
Any sex and gore? That would make this game to another level.
Gameranx: So, before you buy Hogwarts Legacy. Me, having preordered it months ago:
Scrolling through comments to find “as a military veteran…..” why do they feel the need to tell people all the facking time?!?!
I can’t believe I have to wait to April 4th!!
I support this game & its creator 100%. Hopefully they add some crazy dlc's
Miss the older harry potter games on gamecube and ps2 like chamber of secrets old school harry potter games wasnt all that bad either honestly
OMG FELIPENDO IS BAAACCK !!!
Is it the PS5 or is there too much texture pop-in?
Thanks God... Very happy cause there is no persona and bully type school simulator  here..Just relax and play
Give more money to JK Rowling, she deserves it for hating trans people. I hate them too
The game looks visually great! Looks pretty rinse & repeat though. Definitely will check it out when it goes on sale.
They messed up by not Persona-fying this game. Combat as well, should be shorter and Like a Dragon, turn based. This way it looks so boring and repetitive and no social aspect like in Persona. Instead of investing in having your choices of who you decide to align with and who your peeps are matter... they made another 3rd point of view crap.
that is sweet
I’m not a Harry Potter fan; never read a single book and only halfway watched a few movies my daughter forced me into.  I love playing magic users in RPGs though.  The 4 hours I have played so far is absolutely fantastic.  I have an Xbox series S.  The only glitch I have noticed in that small time was a character I was following jumped the same time I did and I got launched into the air.  The visuals are stunning (went with Graphic mode over Performance). I would never guessed it was only running 30fps.  Combat on normal mode is challenging, but not overly hard.  There is definitely a little bit of a souls like feel with having to dodge or block according to the attack.  I did “Take a flight to New Zealand” so I got to start playing at 5am CST.  I definitely would say it is a must buy if you love Harry Potter or Wizards in general.
POV:You Already preordered it and you are just waiting
It reminds me of Witcher 3
I wish someone had some PC port gameplay
Jake needs to do more “Before you buy” more often. Why doesn’t he ever do them?
The Harry Potter game we all deserve
can always trust Gameranx for good opinions. even if you disagree with the reviews you always tend to understand why some people like certain games. then there's Polygon and IGN who don't know what a game is these days.
Idk I'm on the fence due to the time open world games take.. and i do enjoy the exploring part but, the combat getting repetitive Is a big let down ... I hope i can get it on a good sale someday.
not gonna lie... it looks so freaking bland
I see Jake played chamber of secrets on ps2.
Can't interact with Npcs outside missions at all?
I had a Harry Potter game on my DS when I was a kid, and it was fine. I can't remember much about it, but I just googled it, and it looks way worse than I remember, lol.   I am planning on getting this one, but since my TV broke down, I might get it on PC instead of PS5. However, I will wait on DF's review to see if the PC port is decent before buying it.
I've been waiting for this game for a long time and I'm sad I have to wait for the last Gen release and not watching playthroughs is really hard
I’m not a -(swinging around my twig with a lightbulb glued to the end)- Harry Potter fan, but I was hoping for more of a intractable (I’m a student learning magic hanging out with my friends) experience.  The combat looks boring. As someone who loves magic combat in video games it feels lacking.  If the game goes on a good sale in the future I might consider, because it dose look good visually.
Damn this video is killing the hype and that’s a good thing.  This game looks mid, but I’m still playing on day 1 🤷
The game looks better than I've heard, and I appreciate your opinion, but there's only one answer to this.  "Before you buy, DON'T."    No matter how good a game looks, respect your fellow human beings who have been harmed actively by the creator of the world and who is making bank on royalties from this.  Go spend your money on better games with better creator's values.
Missed opportunity to not include a morality system / a crime and punishment system.
I wish i knew about harry potter cause i wanna play this game so bad fr.
It is like bully but family friendly
Anyone else craving that lively experience that was prevalent in the first movies? This game seems so down and dark. I want candles and decorations and to be able to make friends!
I Thank you to gameranx, for these pre game reviews. I remember when I looked at a couple of games and sought out gameranx for a preview before I make a decision. Evil West and sinking city for example.
Who cares. Buy it just because these idiots hate it. Anything the wokes hate, I’m buying two. Hell, baked beans, yep, all in.
Your character looks like Harry styles and I can't unsee it. It does make the video a little more entertaining.  Lmao 🤣
FLIPENDO!!!!!! Good ole' gameboy games
So happy to hear it's looking good and performing well from a gaming channel I trust! I was soooo worried about this being a flop. Thanks for the review Gameranx.
Would be cool if they had at least a Witcher 3 approach to NPCs; that you can make them talk with a push of a button. Granted they don't really say much, but those little interactions still significantly add to the *_imershun_* .
Was a little disappointed to hear the limited customizability on character creation. Praying that there's enough to recreate or at least get close to my crush since day 1, Cho Chang.
1:30 Dude, you just killed an innocent ram! WTF?
Now I'm truly hyped for the game
God I wish this game had online
I've never watched a single minute of any of the movies, nor read the books, but this game looks interesting. I might buy it because I love open world 3rd person games.
14 minutes is not long enough.
What if there ends up being a DLC that adds school sim mechanics?? That would be awesome
Sirona Ryan.. 😢
Not a big harry potter fan but the game seems really cool so im split
I was gonna buy this until I saw the spiders lol
Honestly, who cares about visual glitches at a game launch? The idea a game should be 100% complete at launch is a pipe dream and we should all learn to let it go. But chances are, MOST of this stuff will get fixed with a day 1 patch on the 7th. Chances are all of us who bought the Deluxe to play it today won't get a patch until at least the 7th or 8th after the game officially launches worldwide. But all this minor stuff will probably get resolved thanks to the people playing it early and possibly reporting all the bugs and glitches.
hell yha game
After Pokémon being a massive let down hearing this and already having this game I can't wait to play it
It is so weird to me how the second Jake said "Flipendo," I had a slight fangirl moment ♡  That alone helped make the choice for me XD take that as you wish
Now imagine if they remade Star Wars Jedi Academy like this. Would probably be the best game ever made
excelente review, first minute I got everything a needed
I'm so happy the combat seems good, if it wasn't fun to play I'd never consider wanting to play it
So only glitches are visual okay so week one patch fix then
1:27 why you do the goat like that 😭
This game should have been online multiplayer.
I'll be back in 3 weeks to find the "ubisoft F'd us over again" comments.....this game sucked
I already bought it 💀 I’m just watching for fun
You guys are awesome.  I was a Potter hater growing up for reasons that dont make sense, until I opened my mind to the fabulous world that is. Super excited for this game. Thanks for yet another honest review.
30 hours to finish it.....ill save my $70
Cant wait to play this game and more importantly : NO MICRO TRANSACTION.
Gonna reward myself after my exam on Wednesday with this! I can't wait. So many good games coming out this year!
Im so geeked for this game. Idc what the pros and cons are I just appreciate an open world Harry Potter game
I already started 😅
cant be out here lining jk rowling's pockets unfortunately
I didn’t know Al Pacino was playing professor Fig
That this game isn't a gigantic dumpster fire is actually pretty impressive.
Sad that the open world is so damn empty...
Looks like a fun game but it's witchcraft
I read all the books; I like that this will be a prequel to the books. I'm a bit older, but I think this will transport me into the wizarding world, something that I've always thought would be amazing since I was a kid. Its pre-ordered and I'll be trying it out soon. Great feedback, thanks for the video.
I'm a little older but feel fortunate to grow up during the Nintendo NES, Super Nintendo, N64, Play Station era and so on. I never was the biggest Harry Potter fan, but appreciated JKR work! This is one game I'm SUPER HYPED about! Ty for good honest reviews Gameranx! Polygon, Kotaku, GameSpot, IGN, are all crap compared to an unbiased strictly video games reviewer, no politics and bs. 🤌👌
Only 3 more hours for my early access!! Something wicked this way comes!
I just want a gun mod...  PLZ
I do wish that it was set in a more modern era but so far what I have seen looks to be good enough to make up for that detail.
What did the goat do to you?
So it's an ubisoft open world in howards? :(
im so excited about this game, im willing to wait to play it around the holidays when i can relax, and when they fix everything and add some dlc, still going toe preorder it for the content and to help the studio out,
Can anyone tell me, does dead space get better?
5th year transfer student? Transferring from where? Are there other schools for witches and wizards out there, with the assumption that Hogwarts is just like a REALLY good private school or something? Lol
I with PVP gets added
First game I've preordered since Ghost is Tsushima and I'm actually glad.
All I want to say is... Jake, I don't find your voice annoying.
Give me an online component to play with other people, it would make it even better. Like a hogwarts hub.
Gotham Knightd was awesome.
After playing Elden ring, I just worry no other open world game will make me happy….
don't be hard on yourself man, you don't have an annoying voice
Hope there's some mod support for this game, although I suspect there won't be much. At the most there may just be texture pack swaps and ini file tweaks :\
Hehehehe Flipendo. *Cackles Off Screen*
Are you doing Diablo 4 on launch?
Does the character aging or is stable? I mean there is actual aging ingame? years passing? graduation maybe?
I wanna hear Jake's extra thought about the game set in Hogwarts but you barely do "student things" It's like you are an Aurors cosplaying as Hogwarts students. The combat looks fun but everything else seem like a bland open world games.
"can't make a bug eyed alien with sliders" that was definitely directed at Oblivion.
Pre-ordered in September. A bit late.
My countdown says 3 hours I already bought it 😂😂😂
Man they delivered on what they promised. It truly is a Hogwarts simulator but a pretty great game otherwise as well. Technical stuff I can ignore since a patch is coming and also, it's Avalanche's first game beyond licensed Disney games. From Cars 3 to Hogwarts Legacy... insane.  And music is just so goood. Great video as always. 💛
Thank you guys so much for a great review and for having the guts to leave out the political BS.
Oh wise gameranx, are you guys gonna give the last gen releases of this game a look too? Even like a small look at any negatives or small changes?
Nah in gonna skip on this I'm looking to the new Kirbys for Switch ,
I already bought the game and am staring at a 3 hour countdown window before I can play it.  But sure, I'll bite :D There's probably not much bad to be said about this game.
The amount of pop-in is atrocious though.
I have no interest in Harry Potter or this game, and I don’t know why I’m here, but I’m glad the game doesn’t suck for those that are interested.
It’s great, played about 5 hrs and it’s actually made me like HP more than I ever did before
Is there a true honor system? Can you be good or bad?? Lol
Please be good, please be good, please be good
I cannot wait to play and I am so excited to see what the PC modding community does to this amazing game. You guys always make the best b4yb videos and always make me so happy when I make my decisions; everyone has different tastes but you guys really make the reviews so subjective while trying to muffle your biases really making the most amazing points that make or break each game. Thank you guys for the hard-work and all the alacrity you show when uploading these videos.
Damn, I trust you so much
this might be the most important before you buy you guys have done to date just because of all the review bombing surrounding jk rowling, i know i can come to you guys for a non biased review so thank you
I grew up reading the books and watching the movies. I played the PS2 Harry Potter game. Once the last book came out I pretty much fell off. This game has gotten me so excited that I went out and bought the full box set of the movies in December to be prepared.
Funny enough I decided today to wait for this video before getting the game
Got mine pre loaded. Annoying streamers can play it but we have to wait a few days.
A regular old game? You mean a videogame-ass videogame! Looks like a good time. My PC is going to cry trying to run it though...
Reviews for free recevied games from ompanies can not be trusted, even if you are giving few cons...
I'm 37 years old and I'm gonna give this game a shot because it looks fantastic. I've always wanted a good harry potter game growing up and I think it's a little late but the kid in me really want to try this and watching today's reviews got me really hopeful that I'm gonna enjoy this one.  It would've been crazy to experience this game in a kind of MMO like, I think, it was supposed to be when they announced it but hey I love a single player open world game too.
Main potential is an online Harry Potter meta verse where you can meet with Harry Potter
Only 25 hours in? I don't know why they posted with only 25 hours in
Stfu Jake, your voice is nice
You make this game sound like a chore lol.
is this friendly for Non HP fans?
This game is a hot mess rofl
You give hands down the best reviews of games, thank you very much for everything you and Gameranx do.
Me clicking on the video after pre-ordering weeks ago
Hey we love your voice man! Don’t say that ❤❤
Thank you for this review love your videos! Big fan!
Fables never frickin coming out , so this seems a good substitute
This is probably the first game ive not skipped a single dialogue. Amazing game, as expexted. With those old vibes.
me and my parents and my friends at work have been talking about this for months
I'm a fascist who accuses others of being fascists because I'm an un-self aware idiot.  How DARE you give this game positive comments?  You are destroying the banal, tyrannical world we self-righteous losers are trying to create.
Doesn’t sound like there’s too much new or different to any and every other game…
This is why I watch you guys! An honest review about a game that I've been interested in!
Huge HP fan, looks bad
I hope for all that is good mod support comes
i don’t find your voice annoying, honestly i enjoy your voiceovers.
Doesn't seem like this game is gonna have much for anyone that isn't a big Harry Potter fan.
You have a beautiful voice Jake. How dare you
Glad to see some objective discussion on the game as a game, rather than the social opinions of someones far removed from this product
Played 2 hours on PS5 now and the experience is much more than I hoped for.
It’s gonna hurt but I’m going to wait a couple weeks for them to get feedback and iron out bugs
trans rights are human rights don't buy this game I hope this helps
Big worlds are easy.  Justifying them is the hard part.  Sounds like I'm sticking to other magic school games.  Ones that use the school part.  ... And they don't have issues attached.
Is it just me or the final release looks way better than the 1.5 hour demo? I see lots of beautiful floor reflections, the lighting in the halls are surely better too.
The most important question: is it coop? Is there PvP?
as a trans fan of gameranx, i have to say I'm disappointed that not even a reference was made to how profits from this game will be going towards funding jk rowlings campaign for removing the rights from trans people, you didnt have to make a big deal out of it but it would have been nice to have been made to feel more welcome in this community than just treated as a sort of "silly drama" in a throwaway comment :(
Im not a fan of Harry Potter, but I came to support trans hate
Am I the only who’s realized that games are coming out finished? I’m so happy about it
Definitely looking forward to playing this. I first started reading the books when I was 11, been a fan ever since, and now I get to play a dark wizard?! Heck yeah!
The game has denuvo btw so expect your cpu to get mugged till the crack is out.
It looks like what forspoken should’ve been
so like other previews said no real school classes to attend, no real routines for NPCs, season only advance via story quests...Do we at least get a day and night cycle not depending on quests? This sounds less and less like an RPG and more like a linear action game with a bit of open world. I guess there are no skills like intelligence or Dex either?
Looks amazing. I've been waiting for this game for ages. Was very tempted to pre order, now I can buy the game day 1 without regrets
I'm glad it's not another online ballshit, I miss something single player games
Finally, Raya Lucaria DLC
Another game that pretends to be open world but not
Thanks Jake. I had zero interest, and now I’m a strong maybe.
“The more jaded gamer?” Nah this game looks like it could pass for something from 2015 not current year next gen.
* sigh of relief *
There was so much that could've gone wrong work this game.  But it's brilliant. I can't believe they pulled it off.
Very very good review
I’d love dlc following Harry Potter characters in this format. Would be the best immersive way to digest the story of Harry Potter.
What I’ve been really curious/worried about is what kind of consequence choosing to learn the dark arts has or doesn’t have. I’ve been getting the impression that it really doesn’t matter at all in terms of the story which seems kinda crazy. It seems like that should be a huge deal if you make the choice to do that and you shouldn’t be the guy saving the day by the end of the game if you’ve been slaughtering everyone.
Thanks for the review Jake and the team! I typically don’t buy RPG’s on day one unless they seem absolutely amazing. Elden Ring I made an exception but this one I’ll probably wait for a sale. I like the movies but I was too old to get super invested in them for this to be a day one buy. I’ll play it eventually. KOTOR remake will be a day one buy, that was more my jam.
Claim your watched after buying before playing ticket here
This has been one of my most anticipated games, and game reviews since GOW ragnarok. I appreciate your honesty and hard work. Always look forward to watching your reviews on a game I'm interested in. Even though I pre-order this way before, and was going to buy regardless of reviews.
🏆 thing I thought: oppressor MK2
Looks mediocre to me
I’m going to need more spells.
Im a fan of many things but in 2023 I know to not ever Pre-order games, due to bugs and patching. Games are just not worked on completely then published like it used to be.
Damn it! I wanted the hogwart life. Making friends with students and going to class. Now yah telling me I can't even interact with them 🥲
SHOULD HAVE BEEN AN MMORPG. Change. My. Fucking. Mind.
Can you tell me if there is more than one file for me to make on this game
Seems pretty boring TBH "Its just a gorgeous game" isn't a good enough reason to say something is good. What about enemies? What about side characters? Is there more than one ending? Do choices have consequences?  What are side quests like? Apparently, customization is all this game has going for it.
why?
I would like to say that I would love a 7 year game from 11 onward then dlc - just saying
My main problem with this game is it seems they spent a lot more time trying to make the character feel like a powerful battlemage, and less time making the player feel like a learning student.  This is one of those games that could of benefitted from turn-based combat especially if the same time money and energy could be spent making hogwarts feel like an actual academy with fleshed out academic choices and consequences involved.  It's as pretty as it is expensive, and it really is a nitpick for me.  I'm just thinking maybe I'll hold off until a steam sale or something.
yes Yes YES!!! (Plankton voice) I’ve been waiting for this ! Let’s go!
Crazy to think that a game that is not even out yet and will take me months to complete, you have already played and completed. Blows my mind.
Ubisoft npcs is a shame…but oh well. Also, was expecting a kind of Bully gameplay with classes and stuff. Great review nonetheless Jake. Also, can you put your wand away?
Jake, you the man! I love the fact that you are a real man with a real penis and can't menstrate. Great review and no signs of the J.K haters.......yet.
Does Professor Fig make you catch 150 Fantastic Beasts? And makes you complete a bestiary?
For the record, you have an awesome voice Jake.
Not gonna lie I’m really sad to hear it doesn’t have a school sim aspect to it but oh well Adleast the game looks gorgeous and fun!
I just think it's a BIG downside that it's a bit much about individual mobs fighting. Harry Potter didn't need 20 spells to take an opponent down? Grinding is not something I enjoy in a game. Would have been much better if there were less opponents, more thinking about tactics. But hey, modern games...... lack of real creativity.....
Are you gonna do a review for the last gen consoles?
This just reminds me of elden ring~
Honestly I think this game could’ve been really fun if they focused on making a persona or mass effect esq relationship system with other students. Now I’m not saying I would expect it to be nearly as good as those games but I think it would help make players more invested. Also they could have different characters for each house making the game have some replay value. It kinda just seems to me that the open world and gameplay are on their own to bland to make me wanna buy the game at full price and I think that if they had added some decent story systems or maybe more experimental gameplay elements the game would be worth the asking price, but as it stands now it seems like a really basic open world set in the Harry Potter universe.
Yeah and in Africa people are starving.
It wasn't on my radar at all before today. I read the books when I was younger and like everyone else I've seen the early movies and pieces of the later ones. I've definitely got my eye on it after the reviews, even being neutral on the franchise it looks cool. While I won't be picking it up for that hefty 70$ I suspect I will play it eventually.
See was afraid of characters being decorations. Dk if its just students or npcs outside of the school also. Might still get it after i finish mh rise
I'm just glad that this isn't another AAA disappointment
Buy the game and laugh at trans people as the game wins GOTY award
I'm especially glad to hear the music is good, I didn't hear a lot about it until now. Can't wait to play!
Great review jake, Sounds to me like a "Steam Sale" kinda game
Shout out to Jake's preference of bourbon lol
You know what we're going to do wingardium leviosaaaaaaaaaaaa
I just wanna know why the Amazon estimated delivery dates are being pushed back so far.
Now this was the review video I was looking for 👌
i think those little visual glitches might b erased with the day one patch, the game is so massive, i surely think they will come up with one shortly after release at least nice vid as always guys!
I don't understand how gotham knights get so much hate. It is a decent game. Does it have some issues, yes, but it is still a fun game. Gameranx, gotham knights is NOT a bad game, stop spreading misinformation!
Are review copies the exact same as the game when its released or are their normally differences once you are allowed full access?
I just love this channel so much.
Looks last gen
No microtransactions -> no piracy
It's good to hear some good news
I like the graphics but the UI is boring and looks like a mashup of other games. It doesn't fit the graphics. Should've been more earthy color tones and like the marauders map.
I have to wait for april for the ps4 version 😢😭
Been waiting for a gameranx before you buy for this game after been torn on buying it or not safe to say I’m £80 down after buying the deluxe edition
I'm not even much of a Harry Potter fan, but this sounds encouraging. It has always looked really great so it is nice to hear the gameplay matches. I need a dive into a good open world fantasy world.
Since when is invisibility a spell in Harry Potter? Kinda makes Harry's invisibility cloak useless lol
I may have arachnophobia as watching this video, I have decided I will not be buying this game lol. looks fun tho
"Real ones know what I'm talking about," had me bust a gut laughing. Love ya Jake
I always love that you guys keep it about the games 100% I could not find another review that left the politics out thank you for the pros cons and strait up gameplay and non political opinions
Gameranx. I have always wondered what tv gets typically used for the review? Is it an QD-OLED, OLED, LED or Mini LED?
Buying this game while watching 😂
313k views in 3 hours. We were all waiting for this one
Its pretty cool that you mentioned John Williamson I found out a few years ago I'm related to him
The biggest thing I am worried about is if the combat will be worth it. Might just wait until this game is on sale.
If they add quidditch dlc I’ll be complete honestly. That’s my only drawback 😟😬😬😬
Take my money. How could pre-order go wrong? Never has.
Be civil? Does he say that after each before you buy? So since gameranx did a before you buy they support the work and lore of JK Rowling. I get it thanks guys. She is a billionaire by the way.
Love the name you picked (Basil Hayden) for your character!
Looks trash time to return
Excited to play. About 4 hours left here. Feels like the witcher a la harry potter. Remember it took them 3 games to really drop the hammer on perfection. Can't wait to see what this game can accomplish with updates and add one.
I like your voice. One of the reason I watch your video
here's your $70 game bro
85 GB
Read the first book in middle school. Loved the series when I was younger but oddly enough unexpectedly hyped for this game
The t pose was funny asf
Now, the elephant in the room, can you use the unforgivable curses if you are in any other houses? Or is it just for slythrins?
Can't wait till tomorrow to play!!
I was decently into the series as a kid, but was skeptical of the game. Primarily because I thought the focus was going into the lore and visuals. Glad it's being reviewed well and seems to have some compelling gameplay! I'll give it a go!
Can not wait got the Deluxe version Pre Ordered 😎
I’ve been watching ur vids for years thank you I’m not a big Harry Potter fan but this game looks awesome so I might give Harry Potter another try
Why does this game require internet? Its single player
But whyyyyyyyyy a mini-map?  The compass is so much better. Fuck dumb ass mini-maps that make the UI look clunky and draw my eyes away from the actual game.
Your character looks like Cole Sprouse!
My take is the game looks great and something which would be right up my alley to play and enjoy. From your review and what I have seen it appears, aside from the glitches, this game was made with passion and has a bright future ahead of it. I really love the fact that they did not add too many hooks for micropayment and all that BS.  In subjective opinion, the Harry Potter brand has been tainted by its creators politics. I understand and do not condemn those who do not know about these issues or simply do not care. However, I value the rights and humanity of those who she targets (with her social media sway, political capital, wealth, etc.) more than I value playing this game.  This being said, if you are not aware of the issues with JK Rowling I hope you inform yourself of them and decide if that is a deal breaker for you. Regardless of if you know or not, I am in no way suggesting that my objections should prevent you from enjoying this or any other game.
I just purchased this before watching. While downloading decided to watch this. Made it to “its a solid open world…..” and then turned  it off. That’s just how much I like and trust you guys. Will drop a like on the video anyway
I actually hate Harry Potter but been thinking about getting this.
Not touching this until I see how the PC version runs.
fliiiiiiiiiiiPENDO! FLIPendo
I said this once and will say it again. This game seems like it’s gonna dead in certain aspects, but fun in some. But I feel they’re using the name for sales while also capitalizing on already known open world specifics. They just know we haven’t had a triple AAA HP game since forever. So it’s meh.
Bro looks like Jughead!
Imagine how your balls would feel after riding around on a broom like that..... Leave it to the witches IMO😂
They should have made this a MMORPG. I think it would be cool to run around with other people
As soon as you said 'Flipendo' I immediately heard the voiceline from the first windows 98 game
I’m ok for kids games
I actually wonder how this will work when they release the switch edition
Appreciate the fact this is a game review and not a drama review
Everything I’ve seen is that it’s destiny with a Harry Potter filter
I grew up watching Harry Potter never thought we would had the game look just look so amazing 🤩
Getting a strong Fable vibe with this.
Combats look boring af, for the never ever seen, ultra innovative, mega next gen game we were sold for years now...
Thanks for the informative review as always!
If this was a first person shooter...but it isn't.
Here I am watching a before you buy when I already pre-ordered it. Hahaha
You should never blindly follow anyone but you lads ain't ever been wrong ( in my opinion) with games. Always feels like a gods honest truthful gamers feelings. Lads are the best
The devs last game was Pixar cars 3
The question is - can this game compete with the likes of Bully? Like attending class and learning new tricks that can be applied in the game, sneaking into girls dorm and stealing panties, being chased by cops while bunking classes, playing dodge ball, etc,etc. I am not sure.
Harry Styles is that you?
> Buy lmao  Not with Empress on the rampage.
Was kinda hoping for a school time management game similar to persona, during most of the day you go to class. Hell I would’ve been happy with just a series of quick time events as classes. Then during the afternoon and night you have free roam and the chance to do quests.
Looks like it takes place in the RDRII universe lol. I think it's how the outdoor areas are lit...very natural looking.
All love to the developers but it sucks that JK Rowling is such a shitty person. Will forever stain the image of Harry Potter franchise for me
Environment looks dead! Also is there option for non-binary character???
I’m really glad the school aspect is not like persona because I did not like the way persona did that.
I never liked the way they ride the broom. Sitting on a pole with no seat just a broom pole wedged in your gusset.
JKR doesn't deserve a single penny from this game
T posing is just normal school prankster behavior. Not a glitch
4 hours people
I think the real question is whether it's worth selling out for THIS game and supporting a terf. This game looks like shite once you get past the fan service. I'm sure microtransations will be implemented in a future patch.
It's always difficult weaving through the plethora of gaming info these days but I think I speak for the community in thanking you for always being honest, straight to the point, and not overly informative.
My poor pc is gonna hate me bro 😂
*Under invisability cloak watching Hermione change* PHALLUS ERRECTOUS!
so.. i cant idivi kedivi everyone?
The thumbnail face kinda looks like one of the guys from spilling the milk youtube channel lol
I want it, But would wait till I get a ps5. Looks fantastic lol
In Witcher 3, if u pulled out your sword in a crowd, the npc civilians reacted and the guards would tell u to put the sword away…. I’m surprised they didn’t make the npcs at least a little bit reactive.
seems like another 7/10 game that people will enjoy more if they're Harry Potter fans and if they aren't probably just a 1 playthru type of game after watching multiple reviews  I won't be playing it but I hope people who do, enjoy their time. Hopefully modders fix the world and NPCs like Nexus has for Cyberpunk.
Read all the books, many times, but it’s been so long. Thank you for this, I’m actually excited now. Seems like a great way to jump back in. I do wish the classes were a bigger aspect, only because I had a lot of fun with them in the earlier games and other games like Bully. It’s just nostalgic, but not necessary.
Glad I passed on this game. Beautiful graphics but about it
Played about 10 hours on xbsx performance mode and haven't had any glitches.
Oh man. I can only imagine how hard of a hit the Nexus Mods website is gonna take.
"nostalgic"   lmao this game was over hyped.  I read the books growing up only to pass the time.  Game looks like fan service and thats about it.  No way I'm wasting $90 on this garbage.   You want the hogwarts experience go read the books.
I've been cautiously avoiding gameplay videos on this game but knew I could trust Gameranx. Gameranx is the best thing to happen to game news since G4tv
The game looks stunning. I freaking hate the rpg numbers when you hit an enemy. Im trying to get suck into a virtual word.. Giving me an exact number of how much im hitting for takes me off. I know is a subtle thing, but still pretty damn annoying.
Isn't this a different Avalanche than the one that made Mad Max?
So this is kinda fable 2 but just with open world the graohics doenst look all too stunning tbh. still a great informative video but i wouldnt get the game.
It looks like they took the assassin's Creed formula and made it work here. Not a bad thing at all
Why are there spiders in the forest before Hagrid brought  Aragog?
Absolutely cannot wait! Was gonna get it on PC, but I just couldn't play this game without the Dualsense controller.
I know I’ll play the heck out of this game, I love the books and the movies both and the way they’ve combined it to make an awesome video game is amazing, I can’t wait til I get my copy 🪄
Shut up. Your voice isn't annoying.
After 90 minutes of this game I'm not impressed. Very boring intro for me personally and NPCs are full...NPC
"The New Professors"? Don't mind him 1st years... He means the old professors... Ya know why don't cha... Well why did he say that you ask? I have asked myself this for the last 3hrs lol  Just joking Jake.... Luv ya and can't wait for the next fps pod... Keep it going man.... Havahelluvaday 😁
Thankyou being completely impartial about the game, especially given everything going on and not even mentioning it. Shows you guys have a backbone.
sadly pc version is cucked
looks very boring.  only 16 spells in a wizard game?
Just need a Percy Jackson game like this now
At 1:40 I noticed “natty onai” cute nickname.
I'm going to have so many hours poured into this!
But can we collect jelly beans?
Looks like RDR2 but with broom mods or more like Fable Looks great tho!
Great Review!  Still F'n bummed that you can't Avada Kedavra all the lgbtq enemies, though; how am I supposed to fill my fantasy!?? 😂😂😂
Basil Hayden? 🥃🥃🥃
You had me at MiddleEarth... ShutUp & Take My Money 😅💰
You don’t have an annoying voice, what are you talking about bro.
I do not get the 10 out of 10s. After reading all the reviews. It sounds great and epic. But no where near gta5 at launch or rdr2 or the witcher 3...so think the 10 out of 10 is to high people give it.
I love pre-ordering the deluxe edition weeks ago and watching a “Before You Buy” the day before it releases just to make sure, as if I have a choice.
The only thing missing is co-op honestly. Yet that can come later since it is better to release something more realized as a solo game than trying to force co-op where it'll make the overall experience worse.
Jake what graphics mode did you play in? I usually play in performance mode (spiderman, GoW) but I'm considering fidelity mode. Did you try the balanced mode? I have a high end VRR tv so idk
too late.
i only wanna know , can you be evil in this game and in this case did somehow the game react to it ?? xD
I might get this used. I've loved Harry Potter, but I don't want to give JKR any more of my money.
But is there quidditch?
do you think someone who normally hates the gameplay of open-world games but is interested in the world of Harry Potter would enjoy this game
Harry Potter (Borderlands): The Pre-Sequel?  >_>
having fun playing it dream come true
Your voice doesn't suck Jake. I listen to you while I cook or food laundry. If it was remotely off putting I wouldn't use it as the background noise to my everyday life 🤪
So I'm a huge Harry Potter fan, I've dreamed about a game like this for over a decade. I had this pre-ordered early and was fully prepared to love it even if it's garbage, so to hear you guys praise it has me so excited to get home tomorrow and start my wizarding adventure.
It looks like a kids version of Elden Ring. And I for one, cannot wait to play it!
Why does the running animation look so weird?
All I saw was the name Peeves and I'm sold on that alone
Skyrim has more spells
After you buy, and just waiting for it to unlock in a few hours :)
A whiskey fan I see, based on the character's name
Been playing with the 72 hour early access for Xbox not many bugs yet just mainly the same that was said here
Jake great video as all ways but I disagree with your “annoying voice”… if the commentary disliked it, you’d hear about it.   We all appreciate the work you guys do including the commentary
Your voice isn’t annoying bro
I know it’s not a competition, but you guys are better than IGN in every way
I’m very happy to hear that Gameranx approves of the game quality for the most part. I’m very excited to jump into my favorite universe!
Fantastic video for a game I was on the fence about. Also just want to point out, Jake your voice is not annoying. We all love your videos and you man.
🙏
Preloading the hogwarts legacy game on steam right now. I've seen a lot of sources say its not possible but apparently you can. Just wanted to put that out there.
People are buying this to say F the Tr@n$ peeps! lol i will
What kinda guy pre orders a game… and then proceeds to watch Gameranx before you buy knowing very well he already bought it. It’s me. I the kinda guy.
Before you buy? Hogwarts legacy is already the biggest selling game of the year...It isn't even released to the public yet and it is the biggest selling game of the year. What else are people going to buy? There really is no competition. World of Warcraft? New World? There really are so few triple A titles around atm.  The combat looks a little like BDO if a bit tame...the quest progression can't be any worse than New World... I'm not a Harry Potter fan but the world looks cool and its been ages since a decent rpg was launched.
What your saying it's actually coming out and not at the last second delay it. WWWWWWHHHHHHAAAAATTTTT!? A game being release on somewhat on time.
I trust Jake Baldino so much when it comes to his before you buys. He’s just so genuine and honest when it comes to reviews
I see that "Basil Hayden" there, Cheers!
This game sucks if the npc feels dead
Happy that it’s good. Probably worth buying just to be able to walk around at Hogwarts! It looks extremely well designed.
They give Gameranx review copies? Geez.
last harry potter game I played was on the PS2 so this is awesome.
Before You Buy, never, ever disappoints 🤙🏽💯 Buy or no buy.. i watch !!
I’m a little bumbed that you can’t make friendships/banter with other students.. like that’s the biggest part of Harry Potter. The relationships you have. Glad that there’s lots of wins though, I’m excited for it. Hopefully we get quidditch and friendship/relationship development
Flipendo knockback jinx from Harry Potter in the PS1 game, where that's basically your main spell?
This is the first time I've had a major point of contention with your opinions. I think your voice is lovely. Great vids as always.
so we can't commit war crimes😢😢?
If this game gets a big fat expansion that would be nice
6:01 nice
Btw people stop dropping cash on stuff that isn't even completed yet! This is why the gaming industry doesn't care about quality anymore because you're all sheep.
My wife is super excited so I got it for her. She is hoping it gets me into Harry Potter since I never really have been before and the Lost game on 360 I played for achievements got me into Lost, so there is a history of it working.
No wizard's chess?
It’s just Harry Potter and order of the phoenix on steroids
I like when falcon does it but you do a good job I like when you talk more with the news going on around. Falcons got that sarcasticness that just cracks me up.
Flipendo is in it? Hell yeah. 9 year old me cant wait
Everything just took GTA's formula huh??
You the man jake....good review as always!!
Do I have to watch the movies to understand and play this?
The outspoken Hogwarts Legacy game we all deserve instead of the unspoken Forspoken 😷🤣😂
Basil Hayden… nice 😏
If you can't flex on other wizards In pvp what Is the point?
Skip the first 2 minutes
Just dont buy this game it's supporting an awful person. Plenty of other games out there
Good objective review. One thing I can’t understand and I’m not picking on this reviewer because almost everyone does it is why are minor bugs and glitches always brought up without the caveat that there’s going to be a day one patch. Unless it’s a massive mess I almost ignore that entire part of the reviews because they literally don’t matter. Most minor bugs get cleaned up with the day one patch, but most reviewers don’t mention that.   I find it weird.
Damn! Straight up killed that poor sheep.
I encourage everyone who sees this comment to watch the harry potter vid by shaun on youtube!
I personally think it's quite funny how the little wizard can be so acrobatic with plenty of rolls and jumps. You don't get to do this sort of stuff by studying spells. I think.
I haven’t watched yet. But I swear to god, if you have a disclaimer about JK Rowling, instead of just giving us a video game review, I’m done.
Bro.. I was so sure this game was multi-player until today. Idk why
Ok how about a BUG EYED ALIEN 👽 instead?
So a 7/10?
Thank you for this video. I was hoping or at least thinking that this game would be like a fable, that's why I purchased it.
So sad to see so many dummies support this kind of hatred filled product. Sorry but if you pay for this, you are the problem, period.
Well the more I see the more I actually want to get the game. Why do games have to cost SO much... now I have to decide between this & Dead Space remake...
No Playstation one hagrid 0/10
When invisible walls in videogames make sense lol. Great review! Thank you so much for the honesty. I am so excited to play!
Can the " Character creation " make a down syndrome character?
Does the game have diagon alley?
Amazing review! Thanks again guys.
I'm not a Harry Potter fan at all, I like what they did with this. So Friday I will buy the game, I don't do pre-orders!!
I don't know if I will play this in the near future, but the fact that flipendo is in the game tells a lot about the development team
I started a few hours ago, and hot damn... I am loving it.  As he stated, there are some nitpicks for seasoned gamers here and there, but nothing that is anything more than a minor annoyance...far superseded by the incredible attention to detail of the castle, the immersive nature of what is happening, the music, the feeling of mystery, the insanely good graphics (honestly some of the best, if not THE best lighting I have seen in a game), really solid combat, and controls that feel great overall. The gripes about facial animations are definitely overblown. There are times when it is a bit wibbly, but I was actually quite impressed by the mouth movement to mimic actual words so often that I questioned a couple of times whether it was actually mo-capped or not. I was also pleasantly surprised by how much my player character emotes and likewise their facial animation is quite satisfactory, giving them a personality much more obvious than the wooden nature of what is seen in the preview content. Overall, everything I could have hoped for so far.  Wandering the castle currently, lost as shit, and there was no place I would rather be.   Buckle up.
They definitely spiced up the content creation in the passed 2 years! ❤❤
The looting system from ac Odyssey. I like it👍🏾
Thanks for the video guys
Me watching despite already preordering.
Honestly pretty butt hurt I pre ordered the deluxe edition just to play it early and got screwed over for buying it on PC anyways should’ve waive the money but I guess I’m still excited to play
A very normal looking thumbnail once again lol
Any one else already buy a game but still watch the before you buy anyway? 😂
I would love for this to have Bully/Persona aspects to the school life. It would be so fun.
These need to be rebranded “After You Buy” I have literally never watched one of these before I bought a game lmao
FLIPENDOOOO
Pre ordered deluxe edition and getting it tomorrow so just here for someone else’s perspective but this preview won’t change my mind one bit
Jake Bambino - WE LUV HIM
Now just a The Hobbit Series Game!
Right now Amazon is having issues with release date information especially for different versions of the game. For instance, the digital deluxe version of the game says in the buy box that purchasing this version the game will be available to play 2/10/23. While the description just below it says “Consumers who purchase the Digital Deluxe Edition will receive access to the Xbox One version on April 4th, 2023”. (Mind you this is in the description for Xbox and PlayStation as well as well as Nintendo and PC). While in the Q&A many buyers are saying that the deluxe version is supposed to allow you 72 hours early access to the game allowing it to be played on 2/7/23. But no where in the description for any version of the game does it say that any version grants you early access. Most of those questions were posted to Amazon since 1/19/23 with no official answer.  This has caused me to hesitate on my decision to purchase the deluxe version on Amazon as I don’t want to pay $20 extra dollars if I’m not 100% sure I’ll get to play it early. Honestly, The in-game items mean nothing to me. I want to play the game asap.
Sorry, I already bought it
As a Skyrim, Elden Ring and Witcher III veteran, am I going to like this game?
Why do I always watch these AFTER I buy
I've never been into Harry Potter, but I love games that allow for customization and do open world well. You talking about there being Seasons in the game is one of the things that might draw me to try it out. It's something I wish more open world games did. You didn't touch on it but I hope there's some good immersion stuff like staying in your "dorm" during a cold day feeling magical in it's own way.
I'm just not into Harry Potter 😔
foward
Abiforth!!!
I preordered the deluxe version but haven't had the time to get to it, but I will. Since what I've seen from the reviews is the devs have concentrated on cosmetics instead of hardcore builds, which I think is going to go two ways or both... We could get as free or paid dlc cosmetic items or skins of famous potter people. Or we could get an update to the gearsets and keep the players interested with a possible loot drop system implemented where gear rare gear has big op perks. I'm hopeful for both to happen since I am a fan of looting games like division. Plus I definitely can see a cooperative mode happen where we get a party of 3 go on quests. Considering Harry had 2 other good friends on his adventures this kind of makes sense this way.
fells like forspoken but without bs
Im so hyped by this.
What about the controversy that’s out there about support Rawling and her endeavors? Just curious. I think the game looks fun but there’s a lot of frustration with her and her views.
My go to for game reviews, to the damn point with enough details for a great picture.
Too late
people actually got excited for this nerd shit
Sounds a lot like Bullys setup for the classrooms. Then again you could argue what if we did Bully but in the HP universe could have been the elevator pitch for this
Checklist game. Thats my opinion, not very creative but it is cool looking just like the movies. 🥲
"X glitches but it's okay" "Targeting doesn't work but it's okay" Button mapping is confusing but it's okay"  This is a 70$ game, is it worth 70$ or not?
I don't think you have an annoying voice
PEEVES??? ❤
You don't have an annoying voice Jake! It's great to listen to.
I wonder if I will ever buy a game AFTER watching this. I feel like I buy games and come here for hype.
I’m watching the countdown on my ps5 right now! 4 hrs and 34 min to go for me!! I even called out of work for this. I can’t wait. Slytherin all the way!
Your videos are always my go-to for any game reviews. Your passion for gaming and clear understanding of what makes a game come together - or not - is always on point. Thank you for keeping the politics out and focusing on what matters
Kinda crazy the gaming landscape of today. Game’s been out for about a week and people already talking about DLC.
Too late already bought it i'm just here for the video footage and THAT'S IT
Jake!
Do you reply with anything other than an emoji or two?  Interested to see what u do
Iv played 7 hours so far and it's absolutely amazing!!!! A must buy honestly
I'm so excited for this game! Thanks for the great review guys.
The legit only rating I take seriously is Gameranx
I'm honestly not interested at all. Every time I see the game it's always some black or brown person larping around in European clothing, casting spells like they're a wizard or something  NOPE! I'll spend my money on games with characters who look like me
its not glitchy, its just    m a g i c
Does the game have a database so i can keep track of character's and other things? I know nothing about this universe and that would help a lot
Sound like kindoms of amalur tbh
Where is pc performance? 😢
I have one question and me playing this game hinges on the answer to it.   *can 👏 you 👏 use👏a 👏great sword?*
Do you think you can play this game and enjoy the story and stuff if you've never consumed any Harry Potter
I LOVE YOUR VOICE
I can’t wait until I see the notification from gameranx of the before you buy for SSKTJL
I'm not a HP fan by any means but this game looks absolutely gorgeous. I'll pick it up just from a visual aspect alone. Can't be worse than Forespoken.
Jake, we love your voice man! :)
That cloth physics. 😍
I’m so excited for this game but I think I’ll still wait for about 50% off.
You can tell they care about the game, they didnt just make it as a cash grab
Another negative review. ITS AMAZING!!! PLAY IT!!!! SIMPLE AS THAT
I really hope the Tri Wizard cup is in the game
Least you didn't pull an IGN stunt. Thank goodness! I'm absolutely looking forward to enjoying this game.
the pc modding community is gonna have a field day with this shit
I really do feel like RDR2 changed what we expect from NPCs in video games
Does anyone know if it'll have multiple save slots? Like let's say I wanted to make a Gryffindor, but somebody else playing wanted to make a Slytherin, would we be able to do so without having to start over completely?
Good video, thanks! Just one thing. Please give out an arachnophobia trigger warning when there are spiders shown. I was a little shocked.^^
Before i start watching… I’d just like to say that if you mention JK Rowling as a reason to why you shouldnt buy the game… Know that JK Rowling is not developing the game and any opinion of JK Rowling should not be used as a reason to buy a awesome game…  If you don’t mention JK Rowling… Then good… Thats good…
Kinda surprised people like this kind of watered down rpg's specialty with that kind of gameplay we've seen a hundred times
Thank you guys for just speaking on the game and not the controversy surrounding it because it being a good Harry Potter game is all i care about. Definite cop
Yeah combat doesn't look good but everything else looks pretty good
Spiders…. No from me dog 😂
I can just imagine the mods for this game on PC 😁
I wish we could play quidditch
I felt personally attacked when Jake said his voice was annoying. Like, don’t do my boy like that.
I remember playing the first game so much that I damaged the disk (being a kid didn't take the best care of it) and couldn't play it in English anymore so went to French and Spanish and still had a blast, can't wait to give this one a go
Before you buy! My favorite show to watch after I bought a game!
This is why I love gameranx no politics just an honest review. If that makes you angry your opinions mean nothing as you probably wouldn't have bought it anyway.
Is this gonna be the most viewed before you buy ever? Lol
The before you buy videos and ACG reviews are the only real trustworthy reviews on YouTube
I just be watching this even tho i dont play games as much
I hope someday we can mod this game like we do in TESV Skyrim. This game will be legendary
I really want to play this, but I’ll probably have to wait awhile. 70$ doesn’t come as easy as it used to, I’m afraid. I’m glad to hear this game is a success though.
Just 7 min in and i'm already so dissapointed with the game.. did he really say there is only 16 spells?? And what is that blink dodge in combat? Apparition is a dangerous skill that requires passing a special exam, kinda like our driving. I hope they implemented it as fast travel at least... Also the combat doesn't make sense at all, how is a transfer student (from what school) able to cast spells without shouting its name? Or why does he need several casts of the same spell to make more damage, when he could just focus and cast a more powerfull version? I know it can't be all lore perfect, but this is really sad. Yeah Hogwarts looks good and all, but that's not all we want. Also no quiditch wtf.. As a HP nerd i could keep on and on, but meh.
I bought it on PS5 and steam because.... JK is the queen we all deserve
I was not considering purchasing this game before watching. I am still reluctant, but thanks for helping to inform my decision.
I was hoping the magic system was closer to skyrim just because the continues spells hits is kinda like a fighter gamer
Welcome to a game where every glitch is justified as magic
I will play the shit out of it while ignoring all the crazies complaining that an entire franchise should be deleted due to some foolish thoughts of a single person.
It does suck that the NPCs dont react all that much. I feel like that would bring a lot of life to the school. At least to spells you may do or even in specific interactions  Edit: thank you for the likes! Ive played the game and the NPCs standing around the school will actually dodge out the way of an incoming spell. They may not look at you or be fully interactive, but at least this adds some immersion.
I CANT WAIT TO PLAY THIS GAME!!!!!
This game makes me want to buy a Series S. I love PC gaming. But I also love money
*Glitches in the harry potter world would probably be the norm*
_Do choices matter?_ _Can you be a jerk?_
This game looks like it is exactly what I wanted it to be.
I really hope the story and characters are as magical as the movies are!
Remember guys most of the issues will be fixed at the day one patch
Love you guys ❤️
How's the soundtrack though? .. Wrote too early. Thanks
wow you got early access, nice
I don't know...maybe it's just me...or maybe it's because i am old, played true rpgs and the old harry potter games on PC...and what i loved was the feeling of being a student (as harry potter). That's why i was hoping for that but with my own characters....This just feel like and other "new" rpg game that we have seen countless time with harry potter brand. Exaclty like Dragon age inquisition. I will probably buy it to see but def when it's on sale and when the "full" game is released (no exclusive!)
Nice and pretty looking but… Empty dead world when all’s said and done.
I always wait to get a game until I see your reviews. Looks like I will pre order this!
I'm so glad to see the game is doing really well, pre-ordered deluxe edition 2 months ago, looks fantastic!
4:32 why does your voice change like that?🤔
doesn't seem like you guys really enjoyed this one lol. I see way more negatives than positives
I can't wait to play this tomorrow!!!
Is it just me or does the UI make it look like a dragon age inquisition mod?
Imagine, a lot of the boycotters have already or eventually will buy this game.
PISSED OFF YOU CANT PRELOAD ON PC WTFFFFFFFF BS IS THIS
Can you be a girl in the game? or is it gender locked?
I wouldn't be surprised if the ps4 version is gonna be like cyberpunk 2077 when it came out. I mean, if you say the ps5 version is a bit glitchy, what do you suppose will happen on a standard ps4?
It looks great...Though im not a harry potter fan. and can gladly wait a year or 2 when its way cheaper. The fact theres a quest behind a deluxe paywall is crazy, but I appreciate theres no other microtransactions
I'm actually a bit disappointed that I'm not a Harry Potter fan as this looks like a really well done game! Lord of the Rings anyone?
I have it
Yo, did Jake name his character after one of my favorite bourbons? My man!
4.1/5 for me
Burned way way too many times.  Waiting for a good number of reviews before I buy.
this game looks great I would buy it and play the heck out of it.
ily Jake
it's not glitchy, its "magicy".
Can you remove hud elements like damage numbers and outlines for a more immersive feeling game?
So why is this game getting so much hate from people that haven't even played it? Seems marvelous to me.
JK Rowling is a vile person, and she sees any purchase of this game as an endorsement of her behaviour. If you have any care for human rights, don't purchase this game. If you purchase this game, you can't call yourself an ally to anybody but bigots, white nationalists, pearl-clutching fanatics and right-wing conspiracy theorists.
So say you go through like 10 full season cycles, do you age, move up in classes and graduate?
Flipendo!
I can't wait for the game tomorrow, been hyped since gameranx covered it's leak years ago. I do feel like they could add some sort of "school life" system, kinda like how skyrim added a survival mode. It wouldn't be a huge change either, making it so you're not allowed out past curfew if you get caught, making some classes with minigames that maybe add some new spells or recipes. I mean it's not the furthest thing to expect if they plan to add DLC or updates to the game
So it’s good?
This feels so good after people were thrashing on the game saying the combat looks bad
Now imagine they made a pvp wizard game evolving these mechanics, got some potential there
Sounds like a 7.5
So basically a Harry Potter version of the horizon series. I’m hyped.
I absolutely hate Harry Potter but I'm going to buy this because I know a few thin skinned friends that would be pissed off if I did.
You make Jake happy, you get my money 💰
I don't know anything about Harry Potter but this looks like a quality release. Maybe I'll check it on sale because nothing's worth $70
Magic fighting with sticks😂 I wasn’t sure how this game would come out so I didn’t pre-order it. Watching your review it looks like something I’d like to play.
So basically it's Forespoken with a Harry Potter skin. Gotcha
At first I preordered it for my wife, but after all I can’t wait to play this game by myself. It seems to be a really good game.
Been looking forward to the game for a while. Seen the first leak a few years back and was hyped then! Looking forward to what to release!
TRANS RIGHTS ARE HUMAN RIGHTS
Looks aite
I'm going to wait for it to go on sale. $30 in 5-6 months
On the one hand, I dunno if I wanna support this due to the author getting royalties out of this game. But on the other hand, this world has always fascinated me and the game looks cool. I'm kinda split but this review leaves me with positive impressions.
Basil Hayden? Good call.
Yep better then IGN
The man always knows how to sell me on a game
I thought this was an mmo. Haha
Im fucking SO excited
All I want to know is if it is a complete game at release without game breaking glitches or insufferable microtransactions
A goblet of fire dlc would be amazing  Edit: I've changed my mind. I hope this game fails just so this dogshit community isn't involved in any future games
How'd that boycott go eh 😉
29 spells bruh.
This makes me so happy. I can’t wait to play it! This is the same feeling I had with Spider-Man PS4, when they finally got the swinging mechanic right. These loved franchises are finally getting the games they deserve 🥹
So no Harry potter in game..Ron...Hermione? Others the main characters?Like to meet them..wandering around...someting like that? or professors,Dumbledore..Snape and others..if that's not in the game.. then it's really sad
typical action rpg. I'll get it when it's 10 or 20 dollars in a few years, no rush.
What worries me is that there is only a couple of students in hallways and stuff, I wish it would feel more busy.
My man named his character Basil Hayden 🤣
Is the spell button mapping going to be better for PC players
I've only ever liked HP movies 1 - 3, so maybe this will scratch that itch hopefully
I’m honestly too scared to even play this game due to all the politics
There is no bugs in this game, but exist ancient magic unknown by developers.
If its like Mad Max, and Shadow of Mordor, IM totally in.  I do wish it was more like Bully in the sense that you have certain objectives each day (like going to class). Overall though, it looks like a solid game with a lot of future content potential.
Thank you, was wondering whether to pick this up but from what you've shown and said it's at least worth picking it up and giving it a go
The changing of the seasons made me remember Lego Harry Potter, I almost forgot about it lol.
Did anyone catch the reference with his name, Basil Hayden? Any whiskey drinkers here?
Crazy it took until 2023 for a open world Hogwarts rpg type game.
I am absolutely THRILLED about this game. My only complaint is the overabundance of giant spiders. They’re so overused in fantasy games.
A couple of questions: does it have any accessibility features for disabled gamers? Also, is it only single player or is there any co-op implementation?
Barry White voice "Expelliarmus..baby"
Just so!
Thanks for your honest opinion and with this, I am 100% getting this game
Harald Topfer
I noticed the character is named Basil Hayden… Jake is a Bourbon drinker confirmed
Would love to see a Wheel of Time game (based off the books not that god awful tv show) with the same amount of care as this. WoT would would be perfect for an RPG
kinda sucks the first few teasers looked so next gen but at release.. it just looks eh
I heard the houses had exclusive side quests with gryffindor having the most
I love the RPG/Loot aspect they included to the game. I however will wait for a sale because I feel like its a little lacking. Hopefully the DLCs in the future will change that
The game looks fantastic. Im bummed about the non interactive NPCs but we will see how that plays out when released.
Gameranx is a LOT more credible than ign
Nobody will bad mouth this game without dire consequences to their channel.  This looks like another run of the mill Do Nothing experience, colored Hogwart.
I grew up with the books and movies and I am very excited that this game seems to be so well done. Yes, NPCs just being decoration and house choice being mostly visual is disappointing as I was hoping for a living, breathing world that gives me the "Hogwarts Life-Sim" vibes but its not like any other modern open world RPG does that kind of stuff anymore either. Wish this had coop though!
Been waiting for this one
Looks like Forspoken
+1 pitch = trans lmaoo
The Day 1 patch will be interesting to see if it sorts any of the issues out
8 Hours in and I can say that this game is even better than we were hoping for! The map is ridiculously huge, even with an upgraded broom it takes forever to traverse and there is stuff to find around every corner. Combat is amazing feeling (The swapping between sets of spells takes a bit to get used to but becomes second nature after a while).  Fighting enemies of way higher level isn't impossible and is incredibly fun but one slip up can hurt badly. The game runs extremely well on the series X besides a couple tiny spots in Hogsmead and Hogwarts where the frames drop a bit, but I am playing before the day one patch to that's understandable.  Hope everyone has as much fun as I am!
What about PC controls? We have a keyboard and mouse, so many more options.. what is that like?
So, should I get this or wait for Jedi Survivor?
Too late
I think there's a way they could implement a 'school schedule' without hurting the game speed/adding more mechanics similar to Bully.  A non-invasive, lorefriendly and voluntairily way would be to let you go to class to "speed up time" and "pretend to have class". I'll explain this.   Later in the game, there might not be much more to do besides exploring. But you still might want to enjoy being a student. So, you'll walk to a classroom, walk towards your usual lectern and press the button prompt that appears. It says: "Attend class". You'll get a short cutscene, time progresses by 3 in-game hours, and you'll continue your day or go to the next class to do this again. In the evening you'll get this same button type prompt at your bedside, saying: "end the day".   Even though you wouldn't get the same school system such as in Bully, as in not a school simulator, it would very much feel like one. This would make a lot of people happy, including me.   One thing I'm always afraid of in games is either the Fallout New Vegas style, or the Far Cry 6 style. Either you can't do anything after the main quest ends, which sends you back in time. Or after doing every quest/location, the world becomes empty and dry. Having such a school system thing in place makes it feel like your character has a daily life, something to do after the end-game.  Side-note: I would also enjoy an option in the game that lets you pick (after the main quest has ended) in which season you want to play in. Maybe you rushed through summer and didn't explore outside as much, or maybe you missed an interesting easter egg during the winter, or you feel like going back to the start of autumn because it just looks so good. This would add a lot of replayability/freedom and make your time exploring more enjoyable. Especially since weather and seasons move dynamically, you might end up missing something because of that.
i await the insane mods, Thomas the tank is coming
Jake those aren't glitches it's just peeves messing with you
I just bought it today and than wathced this video.  Well , I dont regret.   Somebody know when I can play it if I am in Buenos Ires? (XBOX X) Thanks for the video.
They done had my money already!
Buying it for the transphobia
I mean can they're be a better combination... action RPG, Harry Potter, lore, open world, colored loot, unlocks, upgrades. Does it get better!?
I was hoping for a bully style game too bad.
Still doesn't have quidditch though
STAR WARS NEEDS THIS!!!!
Sounds great, but the no interaction with NPC'S is a bit disappointing.
I'm not interested in the Harry Potter at all but this game looks awesome. Like BotW but better graphics.
Good, I won't be cancelling my delux edition preorder lol
Already bought it
This game is literally god of war combat , assassins creed ui / exploration and destiny menu system with a Harry Potter skin , I’m sorry but it just looks like games from the last 4/5 years. Nothing really new here for me
I’ve already pre ordered but I’ve been waiting patiently for this video because nobody does it better!
No way they implemented Flipendo too!!!! Damn I had to look for it just to be sure! That's when you know real fans made this game... As a PC player I still have to wait unfortunately... 18h11 min to go...
What in the gender fluid hell is that thumbnail? 😳
Any thoughts on the use of Denuvo?  From the looks of it, modding is out of the question.
As a guy who hasn't watched any of the films and basically have bo knowledge about this universe I am intrigued about this game. Will I be able to follow the story along or will I feel completely lost if I go in as blind as I am?
Imagine tri wizard tournament dlc. Like the options you have to just make this game be endless with this world
He sounds really off against it. ACG and everyone else who reviewed talked about how the combat was so good , it seems like he was only one who complained, sounded like he hated it to be honest compared to everyone else who said it was good
Can i make a wamen with a dong?
Are we ever going to get a day one not to buggy release any time soon?
Cough Denuvo Cough 🤣
Already bought but still watching this
I'm amazed this game is horrible
I already bought it
After having the last two games I pre-ordered being Fallout 76 and Cyberpunk, it’ll be nice to actually have a game I preordered be a good game at launch
I’m so glad this game lives up to the hype been excited for this game
9:35 That pop-in spell tho
This and dead space.. we have some great stuff theses times it's so cool !
IGN brought out a review video and immediately pinned a generic 'look at us, we're so tolerant' comment saying how they need to 'Address the elephant in the room' and saying how people should feel, think, and boycott the game because of some Farens (Fake Karens). Lmao, bunch of drones
A open world Mistborn game next please
Can’t wait to play it tomorrow! And I’m not even a Harry Potter fan.
Amazing content as usual 👍🏻
9:37 Students sitting at the end of the corridor just pop in. That's terrible draw distance
I love to hear pros and cons. Nice balanced [p]review and I can't wait to get my grubby hands on it in a few hours.
I was waiting for this before you buy to make my decision!
Am I the only one who keeps thinking how a Hogwarts legacy 2 on UE5 will be insane.
It seems to me Jake held back a little bit while reviewing this game, like he wanted to praise it, but not that much, for some reason.
Sold. Buying. Can't emphasize how much I appreciate the "before you buy" videos you make. Thank you.
I bought it already…smh
Seems like I'll probably follow through on my pre order, still just wish you could play Quidditch, though
I’m charging my magic! FLIPENDO!
I've been wondering when this video would drop
It’s unfortunate your actions don’t effect the story in some way.
Will Diagon Alley be in this?
GTA meets Hogwarts, GTH
Your voice isn’t annoying. be nicer to yourself man
I don't understand why keyboard/mouse players have to wait for release to find out it's a childrens console port.
You had me at flipendo
Cant wait to play today. Just wish it was an MMO. Would loved to have had real world people in Hogwarts with you, house challenges, duels, etc.
The most anticipated “before you buy” in a long time.
Having really awesome games is great, but watching a really positive before you buy is it's own seperate satisfaction. Love the videos guys cheers
Thank you for this honest review.
If you buy this game you'll be seen as a Transphobe and the Liberals will destroy your life!   Be careful friends!
Very excited about the game!
Not a huge fan of Harry Potter but this looks fun, will buy when it goes on sale
"You can unlock Flipindo, for real."  Hearing these words made me flash back to when I was 9 years old. Never in my life have have needed something so much, and never known till I received it.
Was never into the Harry Potter Lore/Universe so the games Story/primis will be all new to me and am actually looking forward to it. 👍
this video just convinced me to pre-order
I just want to thank all the people for boycotting.  Way to take one for the team, cause i cant wait to play this game.  This is the first game i plan to play on my new PC ill have built in a few days. I-9 13900K, Gigabyte z790/gigabyte 4090, 2x16 GB 7200 gskill trident DDR5 RAM, 2x2 TB western digital black m2, inside a corsair 7000D full tower with a digital corsair cpu water cooler and 4 140 CPU corsair fans. Lots of RGB.
This game seem amazing. I'm so happy for the ppl who been wanting this game kind of game since childhood
i wish the alphabet mafia a very good cry tonight as they realize this game is going to sell incredibly well and deservedly so
Watching this after Pre-purchasing the game
The fact confused Troons hate this game makes it 100 time better than it already is
I've had this game deluxe edition ordered for about 3 weeks I can't wait I've seen showcases ign review and now Ur before you buy I think ur content is dynamite keep it up love from the UK
A modern Castlvania should be like this.
EPIC FAIL! try again next year gameranx
Great review Jake!
crying right now in pure happiness. ❤️
I've kept spoiler to a minium for this game. Sorry, but I minimized the tab and paid only attention to the audio.   Actually seeing this game for the very first time on friday will be magical :O
Is it multiplayer, my make or break personally
Well I LIKE YOUR VOICE, JAKE 🥺
Just really wish we would stop supporting Terfs with this game. It's as clear as day that this game supports her ideals, and how harmful she has been towards trans woman and people of race in general. We need to stop platforming her
The next Skyrim game!!!
Awesome video straight up game information love it unlike a lot of other channels!!!!!
I will call my broom ''Broomstick Mk2''. Those who know, know.
Thank you for be a games journalist, and not a political one.
Lotr with a mix of Skyrim and w3, one can only hope
Lmao jake admits he has an annoying voice in real life. I’ve thought that for years jake I’m sorry. But mad respect for you and your channel you seem like a cool dude so we look past the voice
Like everyone has mentioned in this comment section I would like to thank everyone at Gamranx for being the best source of news, reviews and just entertainment in the gaming industry, you will always be my first option in this industry!
YAYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY IVE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS GAME FOR 20 YEARS!!!!!
Now seeing how massively dense and reactive the world is, it makes sense the old gen games are pushed back to April. Going to let me girlfriend play with me since we only have one ps5, excited for tonight. Hope everyone enjoys this as much as we will.
I have loved the harry potter world since i was a tiny little boy. Dressing up as harry for halloween when i was like 6. I will be getting a copy for myself and my niece. And im glad it comes out right before her birthday. And i thought it was going to release on the 17th. Ive been waiting for a good HP game and ive been waiting for legacy since it was announced and finally a good looking HP game.
This means I won't be returning my pre-order. 😅  Was hoping for a playable game with some Harry Potter nostalgia, but fearing it would be a buggy, broken mess. This definitely exceeds my expectations.
So appreciate a balanced review. Thanks!
The ones who have been waiting for a good HP game for years know what you mean by Flipendo.
So sad there isn't a school simulator system implemented...
Is there a photo mode?
i wish this was star wars or lord of the rings
I'm looking at this as a video game.  I read the first book, but I never got into the rest.  I watched all the movies, but only once.  I am thinking of this as a cool immersive world I want to dive into, not 'harry potter.'   I think it looks fun, I only wish there was melee combat too :P
Man I still have to wait a few more hours to play this
Props for a spoiler-free before you buy.  👍🏻
I agree on the wand customization not really mattering much, but the House choice does change story arcs in the main story and some side stuff. You would have to play it four full times to know, or watch gameplay like I've been. But it does leave lots of room to replay which is dope
Flipendo!!!
Before I buy = no spiders mod   lmao
Before you buy ask yourself, why am I still playing with dolls and children's toys ?
I've watched so many video reviews and haven't heard anyone really talk about the story if it's any good, expect IGN, which didn't think it's particularly good and had some illogicalities.
I kind of wish they had a Persona style social life and school aspect. Building social links to unlock new powers and extra-curricular activities was what made Persona world so real and addictive.
The graphics in this are what I thought Chamber of Secrets looked like.
Thanks so much for this! I didn't want any spoilers. Looking forward at downloading/playing on steam at 5am Australia time :D
Without multi player and lack of really attending classes separate from the storyline/ quest I'm def going to wait for this to go down in price before I buy it.
Very interested in the game was before and continued to be excited after
As a transgender person, won't buy, but will pirate!
They only have 18 spells?  how many are combat?  they could of invented some new ones with the help of JK Rowling no? I mean.. take some inspiration from like.. Elden Ring xD  big ol lazer beam haha  still bought it though :P
Yo ho, yo ho. 🏴‍☠️
Honestly I think I will wait for this to go on sale before I buy it cause I'm also looking to get dead island 2
So good after 5 hours of playing. Like it over eldenring.
i dont know anything about harry potter but damnit im getting this game lol need a good open world magic game
I was hoping the House selection would’ve been more impactful to the experience. Would’ve added a good amount of replay value.
Man has the voice of a God tf is he talkin about I don't even tune in for the reviews I just wanna hear Jake's voice🤣
Here's hoping they have expansions for the rest of the years which continue your story
I'm buying and playing because the blue haired narcissists on Twitter said not to.
Can't wait!
Jake is the best 🫡
Flipendo brings me back to sorcerers stone on PC.  That game was legit.
you dont have an annoying voice jake :)
When will the early access be available ?
Loved HP as a kid, my Grandma always bought the books for me on release and I remember lots of nice evenings diving into this world. As an adult I completely lost interest in it, because theres so much stuff JK absolutely didnt think through + her greed.  This game though.. it might just rekindle my love for the franchise. Thanks for the spoiler free and honest review, Jake 👍🏻
Hats off to all my fellow gamers that stood by the players and not the politics. There’s a time and a place for that and in my opinion the market is over saturated. Everyone enjoy their time with the game! Game on!
Lord of the rings needed.
5:04 YOU CAN USE FLIPENDO!?!?!?!? 😳😳😳
You briefly mentioned dungeons. How well do they work. I always thought the best potential lies in magical puzzle solving almost like Jedi Fallen order using force to solve puzzles
Thanks for doing this video! I like your "Before You Buy" reviews.
Thank you JK Rowling <3
JK Rowling is an amazing person
Pre-ordered Series X, seems like a good implementation of the universe. Really hoping that modern gaming industry hasn't/doesn't mess it up too much. Alot of games have turned out worse than they should be in recent years. So far sounds promising. 🤞
Thanks Jake
I’m SO happy this game isn’t a cyberpunk 2077 situation
Got an early copy this game is fun! Hope all of yall have fun!
Poor goat
I'm just glad it isn't about Harry Potter and co maybe some leading up to or easter eggs but I wouldn't mind that.. liked the movies but never cared for the actual characters themselves as bizarre as that sounds lol (except for Sirius/Snape) 😅  I always came back for Hogwarts and the world of wizardry and this game will thankfully fulfill those wonderments 🤘
The game isn't fully released yet so there are going to be glitches and limitations for V.I.P early access. The game dev's said upon full release they are giving it a update that should fix a-lot of stuff. For those people that bought it digitally, the game will download the update with the game install. For those with the disc version you will need to install the update separately, but after that the game will be playable. pc has started having its problems with it, I'm sure future updates will fix those bugs or crashes.
After so much hype, and not being a huge HP fan myself.. I was worried. This review has convinced me to try it. Im glad to see a adventure game be just that with no micro-nonsense.
Didn't really get onto HP but all the whingeing from certain people convinved me to pre-order it.
I’m still waiting for my copy as for some reason my deluxe edition which is coming through Amazon won’t be here until 13th will be honest I’m very excited for this but I Also can’t wait for atomic hearts.
i bought it for pc without ever watching the movies or reading the books so im going in totally blind and im excited for it
Are there zelda-like dungeons like the original games?  Are there secret passages within the castle etc. that aren't part of quests?
Already played 30mins of it an absolutely love this game
Love your videos and the channels.   I'll definitely be playing it - was a huge fan of the books and they have special memories with my nan.  I will say, without starting a whole debate. Fuck JK Rowling tbh though.
What’s the lapindo spell
Please please please make a before you buy video of sponge bob the cosmic shake
What graphic mode did you use? Is it worth the 30 fps cap for better textures and raytracing?
Jake You keep reviewing on PS5 and magically keep having Issues. No surprise considering PS5 is TRASH. Xbox has 5 performance modes and is running really well. Stop reviewing on a trash console and you might not have Issues
Thank you Gameranx for the Nice review and for being PROFESSIONAL!
Game Devs can you please stop with the gdam Ubisoft points of interest markers on every gdam open world game? Elden rings proves you don’t need it
Do you guys plan on ever doing another Best mobile games video? I miss them
Those boycotters must seething right now
I want to be Tom riddle’s inspiration
Ita kind of disappointing there is no pet to go with us, like an owl, or a cat😢
If LOTR could get the same treatment as Hogwarts Legacy I would basically have my most desired and fantasized video game made and can die happy.
But can I be evil
Always happy when a game turns out better than I was anticipating
Sounds bad
Basil Hayden. I love it. Cheers 🥃
I only watch gameranx reviews. Hands down the best out there and they always cover the Info that I look for
Not the biggest Harry Potter fan but I think I will definitely have fun in this game....I hope I feel the same way playing this that I did playing Elden Ring
but i gotta wonder, is the game good for those who aren't fans of harry potter? also do the seasons change dynamically as time goes on or is it tied to story progression?
As someone who wasn't really keen to buy this game upon release, I'm just now more excited to jump into a new open world game that has familiar aspects and fills that nostalgia itch! Game actually looks really good too and although I think that most big games like this should be expected to not be perfect upon release, I'm genuinely surprised by the positive reception (considering how big games are being released nowadays). thanks for the vid guys!
I just need to know if that poor goat died.
I wishlisted it, will see if its good a few weeks or months in
Two questions: Can you make humans bleed? Can you slaughter humans and creatures?
This is probably the best review hands down on YouTube currently! No political or social crap.  Unbiased and just a straight up review.  That's all we want. Isn't that the point of video games? To take you out of every day problems in this world?
Thank YOU for simply talking about THE GAME!!!
Oh boy... I am delaying this for my wallet until next month 😅 It's my birthday on the 20th of March so yeah :) Would have wanted Star Wars but it's delayed sooo this'll do.
Thank you very much for an actual review instead of a political commentary. IGN and Gamespot both decided to report on the "controversy" instead of the game, I'm happy to see Gameranx did a solid video that actually talked about the game.
Good video!  54yo "normie" guy here who enjoyed the original movies (never saw the Fantastic Beasts movies), didn't read the books, but I think I'm someone who might really enjoy playing the PC version of this game.  Hogwarts looks amazing!
Great review as always but when will this game gonna come out on ps4 ?
WHY DID YOU MAKE THE POOR GOAT FLY??? I WANT AN APOLOGY VIDEO WITH TEARS
Was really looking forward to this game, until I watched your vid. Gonna give it a miss now and wait until it’s heavily reduced. Combat looks awful
I can always count on a "before you buy" to be top quality.
just don’t buy it. It’s gross and jk is trash
I'm really happy to hear that they decided to give the soundtrack the same vibe as John Williams gave the Harry Potter movies <3
literally zero interest from me but the game indeed looks very nice
FLIPENDO IS IN THE GAME?? LET'S GOOOOOOOOOOOO
Hey man, don't be dissing flapendo that spell rocked valdemorts shit in 2001.
I need this right now
Where my twitters haters at?  I know they mad
How very exciting is this?!  This game is going to be huge, I am sure about it!  The studio's haven't been hyping this game much, but the fans have.. Normally it's the other way 'round.  The game already seems so good, with some details missing maybe.. But I am sure, that as we go on, they will be adding stuff.   This seems to be one of those games we'll still be talking about in 10 years and possibly still be enjoying, very much like The Witcher 3 had blown us way all those years back.
I'm glad there are great games to play. But because of what a shitty person Rowling is I really wish it was a bad game.
Sincerely, I value these Before You Buys so much. If I'm excited about or interested in a game, I will check the BYB prior to purchasing and have yet to be let down. Thanks Jake & crew, really
Die hard Harry Potter fan here and I’d have loved the game even if it was terrible, so to find that the reviews are saying it’s great is a dream come true
I’m buying it and will probably never play it.
Sound like FORSPOKEN!
Also please do a BYB for Like a Dragon: Ishin!
I can't murder fellow students for no reason whatsoever? My disappointment is immeasurable and my day is ruined.
Wonderful breakdown, super informative :)
what games i will play depends on denuvo . if this has denuvo i am out .
Man, as someone who grew up watching the HP movies, I really wish I could buy this since it looks so good.... But I can't morally support a bigot like JK Rowlings. 😕👎
I sincerely appreciate you giving an overview with a few pros and cons.  I still would purchased the game regardless, but it's nice to have an even-handed take without telling the audience they are evil for liking or disliking the game.  Well done. Salute.
If i can endure Cyberpunk glitches as bad as it was, I will definitely have no issue with this one😁😌.
Man, you made this game sound so much fun. It looks like I'd have a lot of fun with it, I'm just really torn about the whole JK Rowling stuff that's been going around. I want to be able to separate her from the series, and I really want to play this, I just don't know if it's worth it. Might wait a few days and consider if it's worth it or not. But from what you covered it looks pretty good. Thanks again for a great Before You Buy. You're the only channel I can really trust for a legit review.
So basically pg fable 4 haha
Still going to buy, but man it kills me there is absolutely no student interaction other than missions. Also no quiditch, but I'd buy this to explore an empty Hogwarts.
Gameranx should do "Before you Pre-order" 😅😅
As you said towards the end of the review.. I am an older dude getting back into the HP world and am really jazzed.. Been waiting for this type of HP game for, well.. ever.. haha.. I am just waiting for the early-access lock to get lifted so I can jump on in tomorrow. Great unbiased review from Jake as always.
So long story short, it's a great game for fans, an ok "average" game (which is great given currently releases) for non fans, like me. Still glad this game succeded, but i don't think i'll play it, have fun you fans!
I can see this becoming one of the next big gaming franchises. In 20 years,  people will be asking "Where is Hogwarts Legacy: Legacy Edition?"
The only channel I come to for an honest review before I purchase a game brand new.
Did you name your character after a good bourbon?!
if you like harry potter, buy this game,  regardless of the controversy
You're a gamer, Larry
I never had any interest in Harry Potter, but my 11 year old daughter is absolutely obsessed with it. I have watched all the movies with her and I pre-ordered this am looking forward to playing through it with her.
Welcome to another episode of i already bought I’m just justifying my purchase😅
We need a middle earth game like this with custom characters and all the iconic locations from the movies
Jake what house did you choose?
I don't even like this type of game, but I'm going buy it because I don't support all the people trying to use censorship, intimidation, and cancel culture because they don't like Rowling.   Those nut jobs can go F themselves
I don’t really care for Harry Potter, but this looks amazing! 11:32
The only review channel we need!
The only opinion that matters
So keen for this game, I grew up watching the movies and still watch them all multiple times a year. I haven't pre ordered the game yet, but might actually do that today, just not sure which edition I want, but it will definitely be for PC.
Looks awesome. One thing I was hoping for was a relationship system where you can form strong bonds and create your own posse of friends that you adventure with, like in the movies. Doesn’t look like that’s in there. Maybe next time.
always can count on the before you buy videos on the upcoming games to see if it's going in my game library or not, thank you! let's see if the day 1 patch can fix it
Thank you fox, it was so good and objectively review, appreciate it🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻
Seems kinda meh game if you arent HP fan
The best gaming/review channel on YT.
This game wasn't on my radar really but GODDAAAAMN it's gorgeous...
As a person who's grown up reading the books, watching the movies and playing the Playstation 1&2 games, this is everything I've wanted in a modern Harry Potter game.    Shame there's no Quidditch though, hopefully it comes as DLC.
Life long Harry Potter fan , grew up with books, saw first film when I was 7 and played and still have ALL THE GAMES. I am playing this in 50 minutes and CANNOT WAIT!
Basil Hayden is such a good whiskey haha!
Let’s hope there is a online sequel if this is successful or a sequel in general as so far it’s been so much fun.
So it's like a fallout 76, the npcs are just hollow, how stupid
im glad we have a GOOD game for once. this industry is FUCKED but this sounds like a pancaea to our abuse.
I would like to have fights with dark arts leaders such as voldemort, and experience moments in the story, as well as meet characters from the original series. The atmosphere looks a little bland imo, in terms of population there is not enough students as there was in the movies, and the combat should be more hands on imo.
This game looks like a ps1 game from 2001, its so bad and boring, dont buy it!! Its an order
I don’t even watch Harry Potter but I’m Fosho playing this
Give me a VR mod and I'll give it a shot lol
Have only seen maybe one thing of Harry Potter but either way idc I bought the deluxe the other day and I'mma say game is already great I just love a good game with good story so the fact it's based in the world of Harry Potter 🔥 excellent
Back with another episode of after I buy
Basil Hayden - great name, great whiskey. Nice job sneaking that in there!
Gotta love xbox flights to New Zealand. Enjoying the game so far.
Many thanks gameranx. Consistently helpful and entertaining. My first stop for any new release is the gameranx before you buy. Highly recommend!
Buying it just to piss off the libs
I for one don't think ur voice is annoying in the slightest
I heard this game is very transphobic. I will buy 2 copies for each gender then
Comparisons to Arkham Knight and Shadow games? That's all I needed to hear
Can you name your character? Cause "Basil Hayden" is a great name and great whiskey.
my playstation 5 would turn off while playing video games! but i can watch stuff like netflix and hbo! and this happened a few days before this game released! i am still super bummed out about this happening!
I cant wait for tonite, less than 24 hours then I can Avada Kedavra everyone
It would be cool if you could meet Harry Potter and others from the movies.
So, not a flop and quite decent... I may check it out
Should I wait for PC version?
Lets put Forspoken aside here. With Dead Space, Hi Fi Rush and Hogwarts Legacy 2023 has got off to a great start.
With character creation, I think diversity was the main focus. Imagine a world 5000 year's from now when everyone from all over the world mated with each other and now everyone looks basically the same. That's what NPC's look like, with color added back in. It just look out of place.
I dunno man, I heard if you play this game they'll put you on a list. No game is worth a one way ticket to the Gulag.
Already bought and I’m still watching
1:52 I swear my instincts almost made me open the menu and check an orcs weaknesses when I saw that yellow "shield like emblem" waypoint marker over that NPC. I thought I was right back in Middle Earth Shadow of War
Thanks for not going all political at some point during the review like other sites have, another great video as usual, Jake!
Before you buy..lol more like stupefy
Game about being a wizard has less spells than dark souls 1 where magick was optional
Philippines: All i can say now is im hype to play and explore everything 😊
So disappointed with no offer to multiplayer to do missions. I would liked the option so I can play with my girl. I’ll wait for it to be on discount lol
"Nayapendo!" Thanks Jake, flag to hear that Flippendo is back!
Lol his characters name is "Basil Hayden"
The Nazi's trying to force people to boycott this game can pound sand.
Not a HP fan, watched the movies and thought they were OK and have never read the books but this game looks interesting. But this game looks good enough to play with my 6 year old in a control swap manner. Also I'm on a last gen PS so this game might be the game I get when I get a 5.
I remember the old Hogwarts games.  Im actually excited to mess around in this one.
who else feels like watching all the movies before playing this?
To everyone at Gameranx, thank you for your straight forward reviews and before-you-buys. By far the best source of gaming news available. And to Jake, in particular, I do not find your voice annoying lol
Don't put money in the pocket of a TERF.  Boycott.
Jake has an annoying voice?! NEVER! Anyways I didn't think of getting this, but I actually wouldn't mind getting it now. Thanks for the input and always appreciate you and the Gameranx team. 👍 Keep up the great work.
Ahh after the total letdown that forspoken was, its nice to get a big, nice, awesome game
I do remember first hearing about it. I. Any wait to play it Friday night after work. I normally wait for a sale to buy new games since I have a large backlog. I can’t wait for this game. I grew up reading the books and I’ve been waiting to play this game since I first read the rumors.
I'm roughly 5 hours into it so far, and I am most definitely not disappointed.
So we gunna ignore what happened to the goat……😂😂
Nice
Excited for this
Never cared about the game tbh but I pre ordered the Deluxe Edition just to spite the child groomers
2:23 in what world is Jake’s voice annoying?
I don't think I saw the character take damage at all in these clips. Is the combat really that bland/straight forward, or was it played on a lower difficulty for the sake of the review?
Dont even know why they bothered with last gen for this game
Thanks, Jake and Gameranx! I really like the quality of your reviews! Old time gamer respect ✌️
Only real Wizards know Filipendo. And the PS1 version of the first HP was scary as hell for a 9 years old.
1:27 The goat just...gave up.
Wait, Be civil? Idkkk
16 spells only? Thought they said over 20
Too bad they didnt do a fallout 3 kind of a thing with you starting as a first year and you just skip through some if it through dialogue choices and snippets through your life while giving a tutorial. Seems like that would have been the funner option but I guess school transfer is a fine way to do it as well.
I’ve already paid for this and it’s not even out lol. Hoping for the best
Thank you for sticking to an actual game review.
Think They gonna do multiplayer at all?? I know they said it’s a one player game but would be 3x better with friends..
Can I be a fat student? Fat people exist. How about a freakishly tall teenager or incredibly shorter than any of my fellow students? Does this game have “black” hair? Kinda sick of having the option of bronze skin with either a fade, bald, stupid or stupid fro.
I have mine preordered, and so can't wait for it. When I was a little girl, reading the books, and watching the movies. I played the old playstation ones, and loved them for how bad they were. I dreamed of a game of this, and always wanted to become a hogwarts student. Only took 20 some years for it to happen but I can't wait.
Anyone have info on steam deck?
This game the movies were awesome so i guess that the games will be good too but i have to wait a bit PS4 user still
I would love another Mad Max game. who's with me?
Take my money
skyrim is better in nps's AI, which is even older then this.
Thank you, you actually helped me in deciding. I was really on edge, but ultimately, I guess I will have to skip this one.  Wasn't following news on this game, but hoped it would be kinda sandbox RPG with choosing your house, wand and such. Sadly, visually/gameplay wise it reminds me of Dragon Age Inquisition with colored loot and fighting etc. And If the rpg choices are really only limited to talents and possibly a few dialog choices, I don't think it's something I feel like playing right now.  Maybe later I give it a try, just not right now. Hope the game does well though.
combat looks like another Forspoken
How bad is the flickering? I had a flickering and screen burn problem with God of War Ragnarok. Completely ruined the experience.
Already pre ordered it but it’s traditional to watch the before you buy
Im nervous Im going to regret getting it, but I hope its great.  Is the killing curse in it?
Basil Hayden lmao. That was my first "nice" bottle of bourbon. Thanks for doin what you all do!
16 spells in a wizard game.
Sucks I have to wait till after work tomorrow to dive into the game. I can’t wait to play it! It’s been on my wating list for a longtime!
HP version of bully.  Long love BULLY
I think I'll wait for next year when they add PVP fights, Quidditch, and spells to do naughty things.
I used to be a massive Harry Potter fan but kinda grew over my obsession, this might be the thing that will pull me back to the series, looks and feels amazing and nostalgic as well.   When I was a kid I always dreamt of how it'd be to be a part of such an amazing world and now as an adult it makes me really happy that we finally have a good Harry Potter game for everyone to enjoy and to bring in new fans of the franchise too.
So glad the TRA's aren't attacking you in the comments,with their punc ass's
I honestly use gameranx as my go-to for info, you always give an honest review for every game and I appreciate.
Wow saying it's like Mad Max, Arkham games and LOTR just told me everything I need to know. Absolute must buy now.
This game will heal my Forespoken wound.
Thank you for preserving integrity in journalism and giving a non-biased review to your audience. We are lucky to have gameranx and very thankful for everyone involved. Thank you...
FETUS DELETUS!
You're telling me I can't throw stink pellets at random students? 0/10
I’ve been playing 5 hours now and my god I love love this game!!!
That's bullshit that a guy with 7 million followers didn't get sent an early copy of a game that is good.
Thank you so much for the great informative review as always (ヽ´ω`)  Seriously happy to hear that it's really enjoyable. This is the first game I actually went out of the way and pre-ordered and proud it was a good preorder imo
People boycotting this game need to pick better fights. So far the boycott has done nothing for bringing the sales down.  Best of luck on their moral struggles but I’ll be busy exploring this amazing world without a a guilty thought in my head.
My favorite part of the review was when I noticed Jake's character's name, IYKYK
Buddy of mine was concerned about biased reviews because of the controversy. I told him to watch out for this channels before you buy because it's very objective. Did not disappoint, great job, Jake!
Pizzas on Jake
Dude. I’m unbelievably excited.
Does house choice actually matter or is it more color palettes with different common room within castle?
Before you buy, it implies that you are on the way to buy it as you watch the video.  Tittle  before you receive your pre-ordered copy of the hogwards Legacy
The only review I plan on listening to
What happened to that goat you levitated? please go back and check in on her
The NPC interaction can't be implemented because the game needs to run on last gen
Definitely looks like something I'll pick up when it goes on sale for half off
Jake, your voice is not annoying. You have a voice that keeps me listening and entertained. To many youtubers and reviewers are to montone or to much «hyped/energetic to a point it sounds fake. You have a voice i trust:) Great review once again!:)
When I hear the "more like Arkham Knights game" thats enough for me. Thanks for the insight gameranx
I feel like they can make a boatload of DLC for this.
Now we need a ps1 skin dlc
I'M A WAHT?
Work time is going so slow I just want to go home to play this!
If only Gotham Knights received the same kind of care and thought.
So in other words... This is a must buy. Hell yeah!
I am so glad that you guys got to review this game in what feels like a normal window rather than having to wait till launch or almost a week and a half later. This helps, I am most definitely getting this game now
Ayyyyyy I see the Basil Hayden's reference 😎🥃
Can't wait to play this, really looking forward to it. I'm of the older crowd, got into HP after the first two movies and before book 5 when I was in High School, but this is the game I personally have been wanting for a while from this world.
I like your voice, i can listen to you at work and feel relaxed
He said end all be all of wizard games like wizard101 doesn't exist
Thank you for this wonderful review...absolutely excited about getting this game now!!!
Flippendo! I can hear the voice! Haha
next game needs to be an MMO
Definitely helped me. I was always excited when this game got announced, but with issues around Rowling/the franchise, the state of the gaming industry and how long this took to come about, really wasn’t sure. But it looks fantastic and seems to be everything I wanted it to be. Will wait a few weeks though at least to see if the glitches get patched out
Too late my boy. It’s already purchased.
Already put in 20 hours? 😅 sheesh there’s more to life bro
My hope is that the game feels the same on XBOX ONE. I just need good fluid gameplay with decent graphics. It does not need to look utterly spectacular.
Do they have seats on the brooms or are they just a pain to fly?
Damn, Flipendo's in the game? Might have to get it now...
Gameranx is based
Honestly waiting for a Before You Buy is the best thing to combat my impulse buying.
I honestly don't mind if most of the NPC are not interactable. Just as long as those that are, are done well. It's an understandable give and take. And it hopefully would still help with making the world not feel all that empty.
to badass lol
Was lucky enough to get early access to this. Game seems to be gr8 so far , played about 9 hours so still alot to go.
I can’t wait, come on midnight 😂🎉
Kinda sounds like a Witcher 3 but with Harry Potter. Which is fine with me because while W3 has decent combat, damn do I love doing all the quests and exploring
I saw ignition shot didn't even click but was so happy to see a before you buy
AVADA KADABRA
Gameranx never disappoints. I'm not even a big HP fan but I like the universe and a good RPG especially after the Forspoken disaster
Basil Hayden...really? lol
But can i avada kedavra and crucio my enemies
I just bought the game (deluxe edition) and played for like 3 hours. I’d give it a 6/10. Not the best game, but it’s decent. I guess this is what happens when you play Elden Ring for over 400 hours…😢
It comes out 9 my time I work tomorrow but I’m staying up late toghnite to enjoy this game also I pre-ordered the deluxe edtion
I was never big into Harry Potter but seeing the way some people are reacting to it, I might need to pick this up
Love the video! Wondering which graphics mode this was played on?
Can’t wait to play it when I get home from work Friday
12:52 he just got yeeted into Space lol 😆 I got my copy a little earlier than usual today  thanks to Best Buy, live in Canada too which it was supposed to be released deluxe edition wise tomorrow, but I got lucky.......well lucky ish lol I wanted to play today but didn't know it was gonna have a 35GB Update and our wifi is so bad lol we ain't got fiberoptic stuff and for now it's gonna take around 19 hours to download it lol 💀😭😭. Sadly I have to wait till tomorrow to finally play this but I'm glad I got it a day earlier than usual or else I'd probably be waiting till Wednesday cause of this update if it did lol so minor W there. So hyped to play this finally!!!
going to have alot of fun
I was really worried this would be trash, after this video I think I’ll give it a go
Is your character named after whisky?
Jake is a Ravenclaw! gang gang 🦅
A very good review
amazing game
Can we play tomorrow if we pre order
Pls start capturing on pc so we know ifd there are any game breaking performance issues :)
Seems like if you're a HP this is hype but if you're just a gamer who doesn't care about HP it's just an average open world.
I've been playing too many Miyazaki games. As soon as I heard the word "swamp" I started rocking back and forth in a corner..😅
As someone who has played fallout 3, 4, New Vegas and skyrim hundreds of times this is going to be a fine addition to my offline, Open world collection
thank you for this review jake, i will be buying
Sounds like a fancy MMO.
I just now noticed the water reflections... they look pretty weird.  Still, I am interested in this game.  I will wait for the PC version to be fixed up before buying though.
Looks very cool! Glad it's delivering on the potential. I'm looking forward to buying it in 30-40 years when J.K. Rowling isn't going to see sales numbers as implicit support of her garbage opinions! 👍🏻
Wait, so the house choice doesn't matter? Oh, well. I thought that there would be different missions for each house, so you could replay the game as a different house in the future and such.
Your voice is LOVELY
Too ethically dubious for me to buy this.
sensitive to glitches?
After I buy*
...whats a tinny voice?
The fact that it's "argued" about shows where Western society is at and it's a first world trash heap
I'll get it 2nd hand off ebay even if its full price. Looks good just hope it isn't like assassin's creed as i'm burnt out on those games.
still sounds like a lot its like every time i hear about this game i learn 10 more features i didnt know about  hopefully its good but im still going to wait my guts has been telling me not to hype and to stay away for now . i guess i can't be blame for being over cautious after the last few years of games
Hogwarts Legacy looks include a beautiful rainbow of diverse opportunities for amazement. The game has something for everyone.
Mad Max is only 5 bucks in the ps store right now BTW 😃 so if you missed it like me go ahead and grab that!
Thanks for not getting political like others do Jake. Great review as always.
So glad it's good bought 2 because of the boycott
did they fix voice with oneday patch? is the patch out? i hope its not coming out on the 10 when i get it tomarrow
I have it downloaded and ready to go for tomorrow early access. Dream come true!  P.S. there are 26 spells to learn, 20 normal spells and 3 forbidden spells.
Someone please mod this to play with friends like elden ring!
By even talking about this game you're literally killing people,lol.
So excited.
This will be the closest thing we get to being a Hogwarts student and I cannot wait!
Really looking forward to this one I already know this is giving me GOTY vibes right away.
Cannot wait to 100% this game's list!!!
I just thought it was dragon age inquisition with the wizarding world flare.
My question is that will we get the felix potion and dark arts stuff later on? Im $20 short on getting the deluxe edition... :(
CAN'T WAIT! Also, guess which game I saw an Ad for right before this video? 🤣
You have a nice voice man, not annoying at all, I always though that you and falcon had good contrasting different voices to keep things fresh, great video as usual
Please review the new SpongeBob SquarePants game; you're the most trustworthy reviewers on YouTube 🥺
Looking at this game footage makes me realize how the Magic the Gathering failed ARPG should have looked like this. WOTC really blew it, because they could have had something just like this, but they don't. Speaking of ARPGs, kinda wish the new Diablo looked like this too. They've proven Diablo can look good on a phone, which we all do have. Why make the pc game the same tired old way Diablo 2 looked? Blizzard used to evolve on the cutting edge of graphics tech, now it just seems like they piss ppl off. Nice video guys. Tc.
Do you think this game would be for non Harry Potter fans? Don't really like tbe movies but I do love open world games
Lol I bought it weeks ago. Literally going to play it after work tonight
already bought and downloaded waiting till 1am
Love this series
I think you have a beautiful voice if it matters. Sometimes just put you on to fall asleep ❤
🕊
flipendo!! 🌀🌀🌀🌀🌀
IDK if i would like this game, I am not a HP fan, haven't watched a single clip or read a single line.
I'm not a huge Harry Potter fan. At most have seen the movies. I was all ready to skip this until... It looked surprisingly good and had a fair bit of prerelease coverage to draw conclusions from. I have no reason not to give it a try at this point. (Except for maybe the console exclusive Haunted Hogsmede, but theoretically that is only exclusive for a year.)
im so exciterdddddddd
Basil Hayden 👌😂
You don't have an annoying voice my man! Don't beat yourself up!
The day one patch should fix some of the glitches
Was his character's name "Basil Hayden"? XD. Random whiskey nod. 👍
The combat im looking for is D vs v at the end of Order of the P
I still don't understand why this is a game about a student at Hogwarts if the whole 'attending a wizarding school' doesn't really play a part. Seems pointless. Just set it at the Ministry or some other major wizarding world hub and leave Hogwarts as a chapter/quest hub. If you needed to insist on using Hogwarts classes to teach spells, use them as flashback tutorials instead.
Man consoles, or more precisely controllers are limiting games nowadays. if it would have been made with keyboard in mind you wouldn't be forced to the now typical 4 button prompt for skills/items etc. im not saying PC is better then consoles but it really limits games that can be far better in terms of.. options? getting tired with seeing these 4 icons on the right of the HUD in every game just because thats how many a controller can fit.
this game is amazing, already bought 3 copies
Of all the reviews and news I’ve seen involving this game, this review makes me the most excited and ready to buy. Thanks for always being honest and straight with the before you buys; I very much appreciate it!
Thanks for an unbiased review. Good journalism
Would you recommend a preorder on this one?
I never understood why open world games get criticized for being samey to other games, but other types don't. You won't hear that complain in fighting games, kart racers, JRPGS, etc even though we've done similar stuff for decades now in those games too.  Anyways, props to the studio for pulling this one together considering their past history of games. For a number of reasons this had to be stressful to work on with a lot of expectations from HP fans to get it right.
I like your voice bruv 😢
I love your channel. Always should be cautious before spending $75 on a video game and you lay it out there. Appreciate it.
It's like, as far as story is executed, Shadow of Mordor for Harry Porter, which I approve.
the face animations look so emotionless, how are people not noticing this? Nothing moves but their mouth and they blink. Thats a huge bummer.
12:38 I read that subtitled dialogue wrong at first 👀
trash
Doesn't give off much of a harry potter vibe to me for some odd reason.
Thank you for your awesome reviews and first looks. I always look forward to them. Also, your voice is fine. Sometimes I get a "You don't know Jack" vibe. And your top 10 videos are incredible.
Jake is probably the worst part of the gameranx channel. Falcon would've actually made a point to talk about the issues with supporting this game and what that means for our trans and jewish brothers and sisters. but unfortunately we have to listen to jake. also objectively the worst voice in the studio.
But and the biggest question of all can I become a dark wizard or is there just the nice guy path?
This is the review I’ve been waiting for.
“Really solid “, “glitchy but charming”? I’ll wait for prices to drop at the rate of Madden games. 😜
An actual GAME review. My heart is so happy. Thank you!!!!
I cant see a single PC gameplay Im worried if the game is ready for PC or if it is optimized
I’m really not a Harry Potter fan but have to admit this looks pretty decent! Is it only on ps5? Isn’t there some sort of controversy towards this game?
Great review! Correction, there are 26 spells not 16 :)
Lifeless world, outdated gameplay, and PC port isnt running well
A friend of mine who has got his hands on a copy through a tester..just said he would give it 6 out of ten..it jst Gets repetitive..Same spells over and over   .no bosses or enemies to make it worth while. Buggy too .and glitches
When are you going to bring back the console gave away I need a new ps5
too bad the game funds a horrible person
Fuck this, give me a new LOTR game that ISNT assassins creed
Such a great review. Nice work and thanks!
I am just wondering how diversified it will be in terms of character development and gameplay style since it doesn't have job classes to choose from like other RPGs do and it seems the Houses don't make any differences from that perspective.
JK Rowling is a genius. Love her work.
AHHHHH THIS GOT ME HYPEDDDDD
I’m surprised that no one noticed that the gameplay plays like spider-man ps4 just with wand instead of fist and webs.
who the hell told Jake his voice was annoying
Trans Rights!
saw a lot and i mean A LOT of talk about this game and many people trying to say NOT to support buying it because of what J K Rowling said about .....you know...who...anyways. . . i was in full support and decided not to purchase this game, however i decided to UPGRADE to the Deluxe version of this game instead. 😁
🤯🥳🤯
16 spells? LMAOOOO elden ring is a better wizard game then fucking hog warts.
I don’t think your voice is annoying lol
Can you put your wand away? Also is the digital deluxe edition worth it for the dark arts spells?
nothing wrong with ya voice chief ! luv from uk
Flipendo crew
I hope they add an update that just lets you press A/X depending on your platform that just let NPCs speak or reference your doings like skyrim.
No lie, this looks *decent*  *Never PreOrder*
I already bought it idk why I'm here lol
I want to start by saying that I appreciate that Harry Potter fans finally have a good game to enjoy, I just really, really hate that sales of this are going to support JK Rowling and keep her trans hate campaign fueled. As awesome as this looks, for someone who isn't a big Harry Potter fan, I could never in good conscious buy it knowing where my money will end up.
Just waiting for patch, multiplayer, 2-4 player co-op, and quidditch dlc
I'm so excited, more harry potter is prefect
Im so happy for Harry Potter fans Good job to the developers. Im not the biggest Harry Potter guy, but I was really rooting for this one. I’ll try it later this year for sure. I think they did give the developers time on this one, just comes to show you, don’t rush open world games. (Hint)
Wait, you didn’t know about the spell, T-posia? Lol jk
I've been looking forward to playing this one on my channel, I may even do separate playlist for each house if I figure out the best way of doing that with my particular circumstances, always love your vids as I genuinely find them to be quiet honest and fair to the games regardless of some of the drama that ends up around some of them and I can't wait to see your "things the game doesn't tell you" on this game as well, I always find your vids to be a good source of info for the various games that are out there
Incredible, awesome review
1:27 This dude just violated a goat with leviosa, and just ran away! XD
Been waiting for your review!
ayoooo if you create a pottermore account and link it to your wb games account then you get a beaked mask and a special robe right out the gate in hogwarts legacy, plus whatever wand you chose in pottermore.
When I saw the thumbnail, I immediately had to click. I’ve always loved the HP universe and this game is a dream come true. I know I’m just going to enjoy every minute of this. Perhaps some day we can have a more simulation type, who knows. But now, there is this masterpiece. Wands out, everyone!
Just one more review from Digital Foundry of the pc version and I'm sold.
why I'm watching the video after preordering delux edition a week ago...
I have been looking forward to this Before You Buy 🙌  I am not a die hard Harry Potter fan, but I have been rereading the books and watching the movies because I am so excited for this game. Great review as always, I appreciate your time and hard work! One thing I have been waiting to know is whether your choices matter in this game and if so to what degree? I am not looking for spoilers, I just wish to know if choices have an effect on the world and story?
There are way more than 16 spells. I think it’s like 23 slotted spells and 8 essentials
Not a Harry Potter game.  Wizarding World game.
I didnt even consider season changes. I’m so excited to see Hogwarts during Halloween and Christmas
Random note, your character kinda does look like you Jake. A younger you 😂
Imagine thinking that Gotham Knights isn't a good looter/brawler and constantly comparing it to Arkham Knight, which isn't even as good as Arkham Origins.
Too late already bought but looking forward to your review.
I am waiting till Friday because of work but definitely playing it!.
would this game work in VR 🤔
But does it have Quidditch?
Will you do a last gen before you buy when it comes out?
Whoops to late oh well 😂 is the attack like forspoken cos damn that got boring fast
I pray for a dlc with a oppressor mk 2 as a broomstick
AVADA KEDAVRA!!
Your voice isnt annoying! We look forward to hearing your voice multiple times a week. Your narration style is great buddy 🙂👍
If I am playing an immerasive RPG like this, I rather not have voice acting on my character. Hearing my characters saying things I wouldn't say is weird. Another example is Cyberpunk 2077.
It being glitchy would you recommend playing it on performance mode or Fidelity mode like which one would have less bugs and glitches you think???
As a 48 yo I know little to nothing of the Potter world and never really cared, but this game looks fun.
I can’t wait to get this! Looks like there’s ALOT to discover especially the school! Hopefully later on they’ll add a quidditch dlc always looked intense Ravenclaw 🪶
I had heard from another review, your house choice matters a little bit in terms of what side missions you get. Griffindor nets you the most side quests while Ravenclaw is the least. Which is a little sad to hear as I wanted to go ravenclaw
I dont even like harry potter im just glad a hype game lived up to the hype for once in a good while
60fps?
I'm not gonna lie or make this too long, dropping a review on this stings. No mention about why there's contention about it at the beginning or anything extra stings. I get that y'all work in games and gaming news but you always could have chosen *not* to review this. May not have seemed like a choice to y'all, but it was.
I generally can't stand Harry Potter because the mega fans tend to ruin it, but this looks fun and is definitely on my radar now because of this video
glad you reviewed this. looks really good!
Yes! This is the one review I’ve been waiting for, for months. I grew up with the books and loved the films and a potter but. So I just got the digital deluxe pre-order for PC, thanks Jake 👍 Edit: it looks like they above every other dev have nailed the cloak animations!
Cant wait for fliipendo!! That one little bit of info put the biggest smile on my face 😂
If I don’t see a character T pose then I know it’s not a game worth playing
I think it should have been more of a school simulator since it's based on something.... now it just seems ANOTHER third person RPG...
it is just a combination of  the Witcher 3 with the sherlock holms game and i kinda like it
Game is amazing 10/10
Best review gameranx. Thanks! 👍🤝
Glad this game turned out good.
Is it just me or is this game The Witcher 3 with Harry Potter theme?
This looks fun. Dunno why, but I stopped caring about HP a long while back, even though I liked the GBA games lol. Glad it's a good game though.
The fox say internet required, did you guys try with internet turned off?  The game being sandbox is the main reason I don't plan to buy it. Not a fan of sandbox games.
27 minuten and I can finally start 😍 cant wait!
npc's just spawning lol
I love your voice. It’s originally one of the things that kept me at your channel. Great job and keep it up!
I've played Chamber of Secrets on PS2 a lot, and just spent hours exploring and flying all over Hogwarts, literally every nook and cranny. I can't wait to relive those childhood memories!
I love how no one is reviewing the PC version
ah yes this is what i been waiting for a good review an not a bot review from IGN
Shame on you IGN🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮
before you sell out. jok
I really respect you guys, but not mentioning Rowling at all when a significant amount of the revenue is going to her is irresponsible. Regardless of whether you agree with her politics or not, if you are trying to inform people about the game, it's extremely difficult to divorce her influence and input from it. She did create the whole world, after all. Even just a minute or two of mentioning it would have satisfied me here, but to omit it entirely is disappointing.
The excitement to see this pop up on my feed is real 🙌
Been waiting for this game, ty for the awesome info. Can't wait for release.
I remember when you praised cyberpunk 2077. I’ll wait a few days before buying this game
Thank you for this awesome video. You're way better than IGN. Bonus point because you didn't talk about politics at all. 10/10
Disclaimer : JK Rowling created this fantasy world. It's hers.
Im not fussy on it. Idk why something puts me off. I like the customisation and that's about it. I prefer eso morrowind for Magic freedoms but visuals now dated on that.  This is as you say for me, seen that etc  it would feel restrictive and linear even in a open world type of setting if that makes sense. And I actually like the persona type games  and shin megami but they are mikd of different like a dark demon version of Pokémon . This game not up to.the hype for me.  Loved the books and some of the films, the games have lacked something. 7/10 a decent game but nothing I've not seen a lot
PC performance and for the full price on PC you don’t get the full game. Just wait a year to see if they fix performance and can get the full game.
I'll definitely be picking it up, but I do feel that it's been overhyped a tad. It doesn't exactly look groundbreaking. It looks pretty much as expected, maybe with the odd disappointment (such as no Quidditch and the decorative NPCs. I also feel like Forspoken has been getting a bad rap. I've been thoroughly enjoying it since picking it up.  I do wonder when the open world burnout will come though. The trend seems to be to make open world games and people seem to go crazy over them every time. There's gotta come a point when the video game market is saturated with open world games.
Is it true that it isn't co op? Such a missed opportunity if that's the case
HOLY SHIT PEEVES!
I pre ordered the deluxe edition for my PS5, I get to pick it up tomorrow when Best Buy opens !! Though I have to work 😣 BUT the should be downloaded by the time I get home so I’m getting straight to it, probably not even gonna shower first 😂 Na, I’m gonna shower.. Gotta smell good when starting a new game !
I would absolutely love a Fable 1-esque paragon system that mattered as much as it did back then.
It's a bit disappointing if your house choice doesn't matter, but still I'm excited to play it.
No i still buy
So you are a fan of Cole Sprouts? You sure based your avatar on him.
I love the idea of this taking place before the events of the original harry potter series
Game is great, I been playing it.
Thank you for hard and honest work as always Jake, idk what the gaming community would do without you
FLIPPENDO!
I am happy to hear this game didn't turn out a complete train wreck. I was a fan of both books and movies. I'm sold!
The only trusted source for reviews
Is the game offline
FLIPPENDO!
Definitely excited for this game!
My biggest gripe is that PC still don't have the ability to to pre-load.. Yet content creators are already playing this and making videos..
FLIPPENDO!
Blows ign out the water miles better
Hearing someone say magic shield parry for protego broke me haha. Can’t wait to start playing after this review i’m sp hyped
ngl the mention of the Shadow of War games in relation to this makes me really wish the nemesis system was some how implemented into this game just to know it isn't dead.
Yah but ok how evil can you be though...
Just wait until it's available on Ebay, boom fucking problem solved.
this game makes me want Elder Scrolls 6 instead
I agree with and fully support JK Rowling
This is a dream come true for me, I've always wanted a big sprawling Harry Potter game
No Quidditch, 0/10 :(
I'm hoping its like the modern day bully game that we'll never get from rockstar... with wizards instead of a regular ass pre teen lol
🤘
Loving the chosen character name 😉🥃
Is funny glitches vid for this game coming soon?
How dare you call your voice annoying! Its one of the reasons why I love your reviews
Thank you jake!
Your voice is one of the many things that keep us company back. 2:28
Gameranx is so objective. Respect for that, wish famous Gaming channels were like that.
Seems like a persona/bully aproach woulda been best
Ah yes, the Flipendo war flashbacks are back.
I’m convinced the people at Gameranx are wizards. Content is to consistent and exceeds expectations. Your a wizard Gameranx!
Nerd!!!
the npc thing is a bummer as it would be fun to talk with other students etc outside of quests and even join in some fun mini games with them
Too late for that, already done
Harry Potter was never my cup of tea so I’m saving my money for something more up my alley if I’m lucky the Elden Ring dlc can be announced soon.
I will wait for this game to hit below 40 bucks before i grab it.Not buying another single player game for 70 bucks in this era of unfinished games and crossgen titles
jake i love your voice, no need to talk down to your self.
you shouldn’t be so hard on your voice jake, it has a very warm and welcoming quality to it.
So, who else is playing through the whole game as Hermione? 😁
I find it frustrating that no one have been able to invent a flying broom device in the real world by now. If such things exists that would be revolutionary and so convenient.
Awosome vid!!!! I'll check this game out for sure even rho it's not usually my type.
I like open world game, but this combat and story and the character designs do not seem to be too attractive to me.
cant fkn wait !
FLIPENDO!  Now that brings me back.
I feel like this is Harry Potter legend of Zelda
All I had to know was if you liked it. Great reviews like always. Iffy before but definitely pre-ordered it now.
I'm hooked... I want to buy this game
gameranx is the only reviewers i like and because me and jake have the same name like bro jake and falcon are my childhood at this point love yall even through my tough health!
When do you get the broom lol
Lack of interaction with the NPC's milling about the school is a bummer.
Remember how buggy tw3 was at launch
Before your buy it’s literally the only reviewer I trust
Beard options for your character? Can you murder everyone, like in good RPGs? Swords or do you have to play as a nerd? How many sex scenes? Come on...
Thorough, thoughtful, and trustworthy review as always. Thanks Jake!
Wouldn’t be surprised if they decided to spin off characters from this game into other WW media. (If everybody seems to like them) basically they may be developing some canon here.
It's dropping on my birthday so this will be a nice Happy Birthday to me present.
There is nothing new under teh sun.  I know 99% of open world games, they will have to use basic tools that are used in every other open world game.  Its not the mechanics of a game that makes it special.. its the point of vew
Player: "how dare you stand where he stood" " Pew pew" Me: use magic shield
Big fan of HP, even Fantastic Beasts movies so I will deffinitely try it out at some point.
Back again after buying the game first
Before you buy. Me: too late
Im not a giant harry potter fan but it still hurts me he doesnt know the ”ultimate” attack is avada kedabra
I mean that to be fair it hasn't been updated yet so obviously you get some glitches.
I just bought the game and now i'm here to watch this ''Before You Buy'' video 😅
Thank you for staying a gaming channel
Facial animation looks as bad as ME : Andromeda, but the rest looks good
Glad to see my preorder isn’t a waste thanks guys
It's good to know this game is actually really good.
Oh damn that pop in at 9:34 YIKES
Is there a skill tree?
I really wish you guys could get your hands on a lot more games sooner. Before you buys from you guys seem a lot more detailed and is actually the stuff I would prefer to hear about a game. Not gonna point any fingers, but you guys do a lot better with making me feel comfortable with purchasing a game or not compared to some of the other channels i watch. Big shoutout to Jake and Falcon. You guys really know how to speak to an audience and know what we want to hear about.
Glad I didn't pre-order
Gameranx, Skill Up and ACG are the absolute GOATS of game reviews
Imagine being into Harry Potter in 2023.
This game is begging to be played around the oct-dec holiday time, but I can't wait 8 or 9 more months. Too bad it got delayed in Nov.
I wonder if this game is something for me though?  I'm not a real fan of Harry Potter, but i do love big open world games, with a lot of freedom and dungeon to explore. Like Skyrim, The witcher, mass effect, Batman arkham, etc.
Its always good to get a gameranx video, you guys are soooo much better than any mainstream gaming news source, i really appreciarte you guys and have been listening for a long time
Funny how you mention no microtransactions but not how the author actively spreads hate speech against my friends and countless others around the world. I've been watching Gameranx for over 6 years, but I'm done now. Jake Falcon and the others, shame on all of You
So a generic open world game with a Harry Potter skin on top of it. Nice
If this game launched 5 years ago and around Xmas time, it would have been a cultural phenomenon.
Awesome and no cringe JK Rowling rant. Perfect
This BYB got me so hyped… Hogwarts here I come!!!
Nice review man. I really appreciate how on-point and how detailed yet not boring your reviews are. Thanks .
From what I've seen of this game, it seems to be a case of: "if you like the Harry Potter universe, you will like it" but if you aren't invested in this universe, it appears to basically be a generic ubisoft style of game.   I'll be the first to admit I haven't played it, but I also have zero interest in these types of games because they are so cookie cutter. I hope I'm wrong for the sake of future games,  because  inevitably other games will follow this formula if this game is financially successful. I miss the days of innovation and gameplay over fanfare and making money.
Hate the animations of the character on the broom, they look so wooden and stiff.
This game is 10 years too late. LOL
The only reliable review channel I watch.
Haven’t cared about Harry Potter since the last book came out, but this excites me.
no one talking about the problems the PC version has, I love paid journalism ^^
YAAAY
These guys give it to you straight their the last people I trust for game reviews
I'm excited, getting ready to go to my local gsmestop for launch night....just like the OG times of gaming
“Flipendo is in the game.”   CORE MEMORY UNLOCKED.
This seems like a Ubisoft take on Harry Potter.
before you buys are the only reviews i trust. while i’m not planning on buying the game for a while as there are others releasing soon (hopefully) i’m looking forward to, i will certainly consider this one. cheers for the good work to the guys at gameranx
You better hope it's 1749 FPS or people are just going to complain
The Harry Potter Universe is really great, and all the Reviews are pretty positive about the game. And its an extra, that Idiots on twitter will cry when a lot normal People buy the Game. So it has almost bought itself. Thanks to the Twitter Crowd for promoting the game so fanatically. Never seen such a weird and interesting Promotion. kisses and may Chumbawumba have mercy
Love you Jake helped me decide on many games through out the years been watching since I can remember lol, Helped me spend 80$ tonight :)
ahh yes. the only review that matters
... don't
As someone who grew up with the books, and then the movies… god damn I’m pumped for this game.
Already bought waiting till midnight for early access!
Thank you for actually reviewing this game instead of dismissing it outright like some outlets did.
I was hoping they would just give us a Hogwarts-simulator with bits of combat added at strategic points, not a Witcher redux in HP skins.
I’ve been waiting for this video for weeekkkksssss!!!!
This is why you guys are kings, this review was honestly the perfect review I've heard and seen in the last few weeks, real as heck, nothing annoying and just all around being great reviewers, I'm even more excited to play it tomorrow because of this
Just wanted to let Jake know, you snooze you lose!
Okay, but is it anti- LGBTQ+? I won't buy it unless it is anti-LGBTQ+
One of my bros pre ordered the deluxe edition and I game share with him…not too hyped on the game but still should be interesting
At 10:07 he says the npcs don't react to anything you do, then he casts a spell and you can clearly seem them turn towards him in surprise/shock.
Am I the only one that thinks that the game looks...okay, games got some major skin walker syndrome, graphics wise its okay imo
Dear Boycotters, THANK YOU FOR THE FREE PUBLICITY! We all love this game 😘😘😘😘
I’m not going to be playing this I don’t feel comfortable giving money to someone I detest
Can't condone playing or buying this game. Fuck JKR. Love your other videos though.
I have a Ron Weasley level fear of giant spiders in video games 😅  Cannot wait to play this though!
looks promising, thanks for the early review
I''m already waiting for VR mod.  Exploring Hogwarts in VR will be awesome.
Is the draw distance customizable? Seems too low at this mark: @9:34
Can u quitage ? The game the students play in the book
You guys rock. Nice to see you and acg share almost IDENTICAL thoughts about the game. That makes me happy and excited for this!!  You two are there two i trust the most!!
I feel that unless you actively enjoy the Harry Potter brand, the game just isn't for you.
Professor Fig?! Pokemon anyone?
Never been much of a Harry Potter fan, but this looks like it may be interesting. As always, thanks for the video!
I love your before you buy series. I have purchased many titles based on your reviews and I almost always agree with the various points you bring up throughout many of your videos.
Flippendo for real aw man greatest game give me the entire stock
love you guys <3
No the real Joke is Forsaken was bashed and cut no slack and this game is the same with HP theme and it’s ok to be repetitive and glitchy huh lmao?!?!?
I really like watching your videos they are very informative 👍
almost here :D
Been watching your stuff for years now. Thanks for being faithful to the game review without adding anything "extra" for this particular installment. #1 gaming review source!
Just me watching knowing I preordered it a month ago and have been waiting impatiently since
I'm buying this game because it will apparently upset the T-community. Good
Is that the Nimbus 2000!!
trying to figure out to buy this game even though I've never watched the movies or even read the books
I don't even care if the game is good, I got it just to spite the boycott
Named your character basil hayden? Bourbon drinker much?
Diff buy
The only reviewers that matter
Remember! There is no boy!!!
Noww I'm gonna pre order it, I was going to comment on a recent video asking where this b4 you buy was at lol. Yall are the best, forget about that pizza 🍕 👌🤌
Nooo the glitches are spells gone wrong
Where my Slyths at?
BASIL HAYDEN! HAHAHAH
Hope this will be moddable
can you disable u.i elements such as damage numbers and healthbars? Still gonna play the hell out of it just would be preferable if i could get rid of the more extreme rpg elements
Uhh Oh he said he liked it. I'm calling the Twitter Police.
only ytuber i trust for game reviews and gameplay. cheers!
Kinda seems like a crappy elder scrolls no many spells and random loot and the whole part of Hogwarts you can’t even go to school? Idk I was a fan of hp then the drama from jk put bad taste in my mouth still kept high hopes for this because separate art from artist and just kinda feels like yeah this the best hp game yet but nothing new for a game or actual role playing  going to school or anything like why even set it in the school if you can’t do all the cool school stuff set it as adult and go in between muggle and wizard worlds seems like wasted potential and I know we are trying to be like but it’s not bad but it’s set in the world etc but that doesn’t mean unique or  something new you said the fights are repeating and you only get 16 spells like this is a world full of wizards why are there only 16 idk just kinda disappointing I hope those who enjoy it have a bunch of fun for the sake of being a fan and find a love for rpgs and get into the elder scrolls and dnd and branch out and we set even higher standards for the future with new fans!
Just wanted to thank y’all for keeping your political views out of a video. Itsucks that the Templin institute decided to commit suicide earlier this year thanks for keeping things neutral
"Before You Buy"   XD preorder Of Course
The. Best. "Review's". on. YT.
On the one hand, I get that you guys want to focus on your channel topic and "just" talk about the game. I really get it.  On the other hand I think it is a bit disappointing that you just gloss over the controversy around the Harry Potter universe with a "there was much arguing" and a general ask to remain civil in the comment section. I do believe that falls a bit flat, to be honest.   I know it is hard between the loud and upset Twitter crowd that wants the books burned on the one hand and the ignorant bigots who just don't consider trans folks to be people at all on the other hand to have somewhat of a constructive discussion about the political and, frankly, ethical dimension of our hobby and our consumption choices. I personally think I will sit this one out for the moral reason, but I wouldn't judge anyone to be excited about a (apparently well produced) Harry Potter game. I'd just ask people to not just yadda yadda over question of basic human rights and the dignity of marginalized groups. I honestly do believe that the gaming scene has a real problem with civil discourse in general, and a channel like you could be a reasonable attempt to create a better conversation about games.   But maybe I'm asking too much here. I sincerely wish everyone who is excited for this game to have fun with it.
Been looking forward to this video more than the game lol
Can't wait to feel again that mood from the ps2 order of the phoenix game!
A fellow Chad enjoyer of Basil Hayden I see.  Very nice
Yer a bourbon Harry
now its the time to say that the glitches are Magic!!! :OO
Rip the 15-18 year Olds who had a full grown beard irl but can't have one in hogwarts
I've waited for this video all day. You guys are the best gaming channel on here. Thanks and we appreciate all of you!
Why does it seem like even your positive reviews seem like negative reviews? Lol.
This is the most ive been excited for a game sense the witcher 3
I'm glad that this isn't a school simulator, because 12 years of school is already enough.
Would you buy as someone that's never watched/read?
There are spin off HP movies?
im so glad its good im ngl they had me alittle scared
This is the first Harry Potter IP I've been interested in. Never read the books or saw the movies.
I like that you called the game for what it is, an open world action adventure game.  You get a thumbs up from me for knowing your game genres.
The fun part about the OP stuff in these games is you can choose not to use them
I'm glad Hogwarts legacy is getting solid reviews b/c as I've said before here while I'm not invested in the Harry Potter universe the concept of this game still looks cool especially b/c it gives me Bully vibes & I know people who are invested in that universe & who really enjoy this game.
I want it but I just spent like 500$ on games lol
Jake you're beautiful.
Just like always...AMAZING job on the review thank you. Appreciate all the hard work you guys do! Definitely looking forward to playing...we have been waiting far to long.
Combat looks a lot like dragon age inquisition
I cannot wait to explore the dark arts....
"Horizon zero Dawn in a Harry Potter format "
buying the game in spite of the stupid ass outlets trying to boycott the game. long live my money and vote.
Dosen't seem that good, But I will get two copies to piss of twitter weirdos
I bought this game before watching this review 😭
I’m gonna be fucking evil as shit
Just got the deluxe edition
All these before you buy videos meanwhile me:  preorders open on August 25th,  me on august 25th: shut up and take my money
I was truly afraid that the game would flop, but I’m so happy to hear so many great things about. Definitely a day one purchase for me
Basil Hayden.. nice choice!
I bought the deluxe edition as soon as I could. This is everything I wanted from this franchise and can't wait to play it!
Jake when you brought up flippendo i flashbacked to the chamber of secrets demo of just that spell 😂
"After you buy"
I basically knew nothing about this. But when you said open world, that immediately...    turned me off from buying it
Thought I would have to settle on watching an IGN review, then I saw Gameranx had one and I immediately clicked on it. IGN can’t be trusted anymore, I need unbiased reviews and I feel like IGN is paid by game developers to rate their games high.
It looks colorful and expansive. I wish I cared about harry potter
Bro just violated a goat at 1:30 and walked away😭
Oh but you dont have an annoying voice at all man.
Repetitive combat luckily doesn't bother me. I feel like it's hard to have a non repetitive combat system (as far as I'm aware of)
A game too good to be true yet it's true
Looks really beautiful. As a guy that is from 93 and had 300h of Skyrim I do hope to get hooked in this game when I build a new PC (my six yo is not gonna even open a game like this)
Prolly gonna need to save for a PS5 before I consider this.
Alright if they make an open world Lord of the rings game faithful to the books, I'm pretty much complete as a gamer.
We are once again meeting here after purchasing the game
Footage is always caught on PS5 smh
W or L
literally only buying this game to annoy the alphabet crowd
This is the video I’ve been waiting for all damn day lol
Tbh, before watching your video, the game seemed a bit over hyped. After watching your video with gameplay and break down of features, this game seems more for the harry potter fans, than a all around gaming audience. Open world looks good, looks like it had nice graphics and all but I'll have to pass on this one. Thanks for the videos, I look forward to your "Before you buy" vids!!
Anyone know how it’s running on pc ?
@gameranx will you have a superchat or $thank you available soon? Would love to show my support by donating if that’s an option.
Been waiting all day for this review!
Room for some really good DLC to expand on the houses or Quidditch etc.  Also if they open up mod support, this game will live another 5 years on the back of that alone
i can't make a hot ass female? options look wack
Nah this voice is great, very good and sounds prefect for the content made here
Can you make your character look older?
I can't believe thig game actually landed well. So many hyped games turned out to be disappointments. I simply refused to engage with any hype info because I was sure it would be a far cry from what people were expecting. I have never been so happy to be so wrong.
the goat falling over at the begining actually made me laugh
"Before you buy": #1: don't be trans apparently 🤣 Good old 21st century issues lol
Man I want to play this so bad
Me every time that i see your thumbnail 'But I didn't intend to buy it'. 🫠
Great review! Always gotta check your reviews out before
I just want a fun open world CRPG and based on this it seems to do just that.
the graphics look so average
The loot system is a bummer 😕
I like the HP series but am not a super fan by any means. I wasn't particularly excited about this game and reading between the lines of this review, it sounds like it's going to be rather boring. Same standard RPG mechanics, fetch quests, etc. No mention of the story being especially good or compelling.
I'm shocked. This is the most critical BYB I've seen in a long time. Regardless, I appreciate your honest opinion! I'm excited to start playing tonight.
I'm thankful this didn't get the star wars, game of thrones, kingdom hearts 3, and final fantasy 7 treatment.   People who made this game actually seem to like the series and have a passion
I'm not a crazy Harry Potter fan but I am excited about this game
If you hate LGBTQ take 10 copies 😏
I will wait for the game on sale
Top tier content as always Jake. Thanks man! Deluxe it is! Pizza's on me today 🤌🏽
Waiting for octopath 2
That's a proper review. Thanks.
I want to play quidditch
Starting February off strong
I encourage anyone wanting to play this to pirate the game instead of buying it, as to not support Rowling's bigotry.
Wow i was dismissing it but it looks good !
now we need a quidditch dlc
Looks great for HP fans!
Flippendo!!!!! Oh, that brings me back...
ATTENTION GAMERS: SWITCH YOUR TIMEZONE TO NEW ZEALAND ON YOUR PREFERRED SYSTEM AND YOU CAN ACCESS THE EARLY ACCESS RIGHT NOW! HAVE FUN EVERYONE
Thanks for the amazing review. I have waited for this game a lot and I’m so glad it delivers.  Will be playing it on the Series X, I hope it’s polished there too
Probably the first time I’ve ever said to myself “yeah, this makes sense” after seeing your thumbnail 😂😂
God damn. A aaa game with no micro transactions? Sign me up
This game doesn't need a before you buy unlike Forboring. Been playing for the last 11 hours & cannot complain.
I feel like depending on how successful Hogwarts Legacy and potential DLCs are it really feels like they designed the Hogwarts Castle and surrounding world with potential sequels in mind with all the lore and details. It's using Unreal Engine 4 and a sequel could easily upgrade the assets and everything to Unreal Engine 5 and then they can just expand on that. It's my hope that this game does well and it's just the start of a Franchise with an ever expanding world. There's so much potential here based on how right it feels from the reviewers perspective. It just potentially feels like the start of a reignited IP.
I'd say you have a pretty normal voice man
But does it have a jump button?
It’s a hard pass for me
Is this playable with keyboard+mouse, or is a controller the optimal method?
I don't find your voice annoying Jake.
Amazing review   100 points for Gryffindor!
Great review. So should I get this on PC or PS5?
The game looks absolutely amazing but I can't be the only one bummed it's not like bully or persona
QuickScope 360 Flipendos.
Love how you named your character “Basil Hayden.” Men of culture here at gameranx
Thank you gameranx for giving us a legit review instead of another g4 frosk circus
Just gone ahead and done a preorder for the Deluxe edition which will be available to play come midnight.  Really spoilt for games so early into the year with all these releases!
Before I buy a game.. I watch your videos.. that’s saying something
The only review that matters!
Is there a filter to make it look like the movies? Or will I have to manually lower the brightness by 50%
I'm not gonna lie I have enough grindy looter games that I wouldn't have the time to play this
Open world is the formula after playing sonic frontier I definitely think more franchises  should get into it
Wasn’t a fan of Harry Potter, nothing against it or anything just never watched/read anything, this game looked so good that I watched the movies to get an idea, both worth it!
I am so ready for a new game to play. Thanks for the amazing review
Before You Buy..... Too late, I already bought it
Can't wait to lift a sheep up in the air
I wonder if that boycott will actually impact sales? Probably not.
Jake said this is good, I’ll buy it
Do we have a release date for PS4?
I'm basically intrigued as this will be my chance (easiest one anyway) to get into the Harry Potter Franchise and see if I'm interested in the genre or not?
The combat looks meh to say the least
8:03 oh contraire, it’s the most important thing imaginable 😂
There was someone who compared the world size to Red Dead 2, and the more i look into it i believe it tbh.
We should not kid our selfs there are going to be micro and macro transactions. Not in the test version but on launch or 1-2 weeks after launch. Please prove me wrong Warner Bros
I fully expect expansions via DLC on this one.  I can see expanding the open world to London and eventually the US.  Perhaps they might add other schools you can go do missions in.  This could be a developing of the story from where it starts until Fantastic Beasts, but that would require a substantial investment by WB Games while not letting politics get infused from either side.  Very much looking forward to tomorrow with my oldest son.
Trash game
I was not expecting to be so into this. Too many good games coming out!!!
Respect to Gameranx
Can’t wait to play
Looks like a video game ass video game... Ubisoft style
I already pre-ordered, but I'm really wondering if there's photomode?
What do you mean you can’t become Voldemort by killing everyone at Hogwarts😔
Thank you for having some integrity and reviewing the game on it's merits.
Because LGTBQARSTUVWXYZ people Hates everyone & Calls them Homophobic that doesn’t agree with them.
Someone likes to drink bourbon...
You can smell the transphobia in the box.
Totally random. But the sprinting animation in this game is so clean.
to me, i was extremely concerned due to the whole controversy regarding Harry Potter's author. what i've seen so far is that the developers of this game have really tried there hardest to fix the issues regarding what she has done and try to remove the toxic nature Harry Poter has been facing, so i might get it after gaining more info
Did that goat dirty 😂
Flipendo, but no spongify?
I cant understand how a grown man would play a game like this.
Oprah: You're a wizard, and you're a wizard! Everybody is a wizard! But with all seriousness, glad people are enjoying the game
I was always a Star wars fan primarily, until my girlfriend got me into Harry Potter. Now I have never been more excited for a new video game, and that's Hogwarts legacy!
Neville used a sword, so we better get to use a sword in this game, or they messed up
How much murdering can a dark wizard do though?
JK Rowling rules, she's based AF for speaking the truth.
I noticed a few times the pc have this ability to dangle enemy wizards in the air rendering them helpless. I'm just curious do enemies have/eventually get that capacity and how are players expected to deal with it?
Thanks Jake so excited for this!!!
Gameranx sucks
Fuck. Already bought it.
Im enjoying the game
im hyped!
Next up a wizard 101 remake?!?!
Can u actually play as Harry Potter? Why do u have to be some Mexican kid
Just buy it. Its really fucking good.
Game ranks > any other video game reviewer> IGN
Aww .. no rainbow coloured trails of berty botts every flavoured beans D:  FLIPENDO!
I already pre-ordered the digital deluxe edition. Good to hear the reviews are good!
Can the mini map be turned off?
No one gonna talk about the goat? 1:25
What's the bottomless bag Hermione uses?
Really disappointed it’s not on the Xbox one. I would have got it otherwise.
One of the best games I’ve ever played
I got it pre-ordered already! Its a birthday present for my sister
ANNOYING VOICE !! What are you talking about ! I wish your voice was my Siri
You’re a wizard Gameranx
Bro you do not have an annoying voice.
Correction there is 20 spells otherwise u spot on
Combat looks pretty much like the witcher 3
Can someone tell me do you have to know the story to play the game
Haven't played a HP game since the PC version of CoS. Excited for this!
Always dissapointing to see supporting bigotry from what seemed to be a nice channel. Enjoy your cut of the blood money.
I'm a die hard fan and never really grew out of it. Thank you for the excellent review without adding any hints of drama in it. It helps promote the game and introduce the world I dearly love to people who doesn't really know it yet.
Hey dude, if you have no info on how PC/Xbox plays, maybe don't wait 12 minutes to mention it?
Wait can u not torture students ??? I thought they confirmed you could be a menace to students
Great review! I'm quite relieved this game turned out to be a success!
Real ones as always 🎉 looks dope
OOOH... you dont even  know how long i was waiting for this . Thank you gameranx !
Thanks for the review, really looking forward to tomorrow
Cool!
just preorder the deluxe bundle, who else?!?!
Flipendo!
😂😂😂already pre ordered the game but I love supporting this channel 💯💪🏾
u souhld name that one after you buy cuze if the preorder was so potent
Honestly, it's gameranx's videos that actually sparked my interest in this game. Not any trailer or ads
I’m not the biggest fan of HP, but damn, no micro transactions? I might get it just because of that because I’m sick of these devs sliding BS micro transactions into everything.
Never watched HP but I am stoked for this. I preordered and am super excited to get my hands on it! It might just get me into the books too
As a Terf Ill be buying a few copies of this game to give out to family and friends
Finally the one and only review thats worth the wait. Thank you again, Jake
Can you cast polymorph on a sheep?
Yeah but what about Pigfarts
Waited all day for your review, it’s great 👍 I watched all the others in the meantime but this series is where my trust lies
Yer a wizard, Baldino.
Is it just me or the guy in the thumb nail looks just like faker?
Hoping DLC comes at some point to enable multiplayer options… additional quests … etc.
This is what I’ve been waiting for can’t wait to see what ya think!
Just going to point out that you can 1000% play as a trans person. 🤣💙💛
I'm glad we can all finally find out what it's like to be British
Im worried about the pc version,  Hopefully it runs well.
ARE YOU KIDDING ME FLIPPENDO?!?! I’ve been asking for that everytime I tweet them or leave a comment. That’s so awesome
Game of the year
I was playing it yesterday since I got my game early and decided to live stream it through ps5.  Was trying to see the stream but got the email that WB flagged it.
happy to see its not a cyber punk style release
Visual bugs = MAGIC
Can't wait
Why are you so good at what you do, Jake? Thank you for this.
What about the alignment system? They said we can become good or bad based on how we play.
The beautiful part about all the game reviews means that we are getting a part two and it will definitely improve on all the downfalls this game has
Great video, but i wished to know what the Pc performance, because is the platform i plan to play it.
Not supporting this TERF JKR.
I saw the Harry Potter Broadway play yesterday and it was bloody fantastic! It made me want to get this game lol😂
If I'm looking for a Witcher-type game gameplay wise, is this a good choice?
I don't see it spaciel
but but the author is a transphobe...
Yer a wizard, player.
I trust you guys so much more than other outlets when it comes to covering video games. Thank you for covering the game and not the controversy. I will be picking up my copy asap. :)
Cool. I'll try it out on sale. Also I think your voice is fine Jake. Certainly not annoying.
Don't worry Jake you have a great voice!
-You can't interact with npc -The House selection doesn't mean anything in terms of storyline
This is one of the most unique looking open world games in years
2 hours.,………..
Last time I casted flipendo was back in the game boy days.
So many other franchises need a game like this. Star Wars, Lord of the Rings, Game of Thrones. Those would all be incredible.
Hi there sorry to be a bother but can you play hogwarts legacy with out internet ? Thank you
Get my deluxe editions for my ps5 and series x in morning let's go queen jk 🤗
Wish Rockstar played on this. I’m definitely playing this but I can’t stop thinking about a Hogwarts game that similar to Red Dead Redemption
Bah Magic!  Looks good though 🤔
9:34 that pop in tho smh 🤦🏻‍♂️
Are characters likeable tho? is the story  engaging enough? still not sure.
Love the customisable room! I'm looking forward to giving this a go now :)
Yer a Wizar james.  Seriously thank you for that I love your before you buy videos!
Already bought the game , still here watching the before you buy. And yes it’s like this every time
Can’t wait to play it tomorrow ugh hurry up Tuesday
As an arachnophobe I hope I don't have to fight too many spiders because im really looking forward to this game but spiders really fk with me 😅
Grand Theft Wizard
It would've been cool if they included an online quidditch match. I still think this will be great game to play without it.
Of course they have spiders...I freaking hate spiders -.-
not a fan of harry potter but this game actually looks worth a look, that being said i wont be buying it because f**k J K Rowling and her toxic BS but i might grab a copy once its cracked
This game is overhyped.
damn what that sheep do
0/10 No one mocks you if you aren't straight.
"I kind of have a bit of an annoying voice"  You stop that, you beautiful narrator man
I read the books as they came out.  Dropped off after some years.  Regardless of the controversial topics, I’m looking forward to playing it and glad the dev team put so much heart into this project.  They deserve the sales for their efforts.
Alot people arnt playing because no multi-player pvp too
As the greatest Harry Potter fan to ever live, I can't wait to make Voldemort look like a saint. Thanks for the review.
Give us Mod support and people will go insane too bad for the NPC's but meh if that is the biggest thing to hate on it, then they did a good job, every character being a full fleshed character is imposible to think off in any game.
I never could get into the Harry Potter franchise, but might actually check this out.
Kinda sucks we can't experience this with a friend but nevertheless is gonna be an amazing experience!
Who knew.. Jake is a snake.
But can I play Quidditch?
I don't agree. The totally flopped this game. The wizarding world should not be some elden ring knockoff but with more magic and better graphics. They could have made such a great game if they just embodied the spirit of the wizarding world, and not normal ass rpg world.  "You only have so many buttons i guess". Yeah, or just make it in a different way, using stick movement to get you into the feel of actually casting spells...
The biggest "before you buy" is to consider that companies these days can change whatever they want and add it into a patch and you will be forced to download it inorder to play. THis is important because with the way a certain group is trying to cancel everything, it's very well possible that for example "You can use unforgiveable curses" could be removed in a future patch if it upsets enough of cancel culture.
I’m so happy to see that the game lived up
Only gaming channel I watch keep up the good work gentlemen
Watching this while it downloads
Good to know it is not a bad game. Now, let's wait for that sweet 50%+ discount.
A game I didn’t need a review for but willing to watch just to curb my craving one day before release 😀 Ty
I hate harry potter but i love this game, it brings back the vibes from the ps2 game i used to play :o, i can't wait for this game :)
Hogwarts Legacy
I want to know how its gonna be on last gen
That poor goat 1:26
Your voice isn't annoying!
Thanks for calling me “old” Jake…
it shouldve had a system for interaction like rdr2. where you can be nice or rude and snarky.
thank you for posting this video before the game release  super hyped to play this games on pc.
I just want to know if I can get and use all the dark art spells without having to be evil
I just wanted to thank the entire gameranx crew for giving us such informative and helpful content. My #1 source for all gaming info that I look for.
I feel this is going to be a nightmare on mouse and keyboard :(
Bully meets Harry Potter! interesting...
Luke Youngblood aka Lee Jordan in Harry Potter Sorcerers Stone to Order of the Phoenix is in Hogwarts Legacy for the Ravenclaw.
I like how the character had that Jakey B haircut
basil hayden is a mediocre whiskey :x
And it's out in about 8 hours
Another mediocre Ubisoft esque game with shoe horned RPG elements that are useless. AAA gaming is dead
Need an opinion on a wand combination. Rowan wood with Phoenix feather core very flexible 14.5 in
It’s funny as hell I live by this bit 😭
When I saw you lift that spider I had "Chronicle" flash backs.   Was let down. Lol.
Nah nah I don't wanna hear that talk. Your voice is perfect
No multiplayer, I was hoping to give Jake the meanest Avada Kedavra
It's too late now. I've already bought it
Could this be a possible game of the year?
So what your saying is Gameranx hates trans people
In ign he complained about bugs like 3 times like mate every new game has then and barely talked on the game itself and instead just the gameplay and how it was really good but the enemies weren’t
I can't wait to get my hands on this game.
I've been holding out hope for months just wishing this game would be epic 😍 thanks for the before you buy!!
This game looks incredible. It’s a shame the trans dimensional race will choose to not play it.
It’s like Forspoken with good
Can you makes a trans wizard/witch?
I've already bought.
thats what i was afraid of that the combat system gets repetitive
So not good
Ah yes. This is why I love y'all Gameranx. Mentioned it in a video a few days ago but that's why I love y'all's reviews. Kept the politics & BS surrounding this game & just gave us a straight up review to inform the buyer. Appreciate it.
I had a seizure and i cant work for a few days, what a great time to have a seizure😂
Thanks Jake, looking forward to this one 👍🏻👍🏻
waiting for the the sex mods to be released
It's too late! I BOUGHT it already!
*before you pirate
I will definitely gonna buy and won't wait on sale for this one
Sounds like a good start. Now the idea needs to be kept, expanded on, and refined.
Question were these glitches you mentioned with or without the day 1 patch?
The open world and color tone reminds me of red dead 2 which is cool! Reminds me of how good that game looks.
“The NPCs just don’t react to ANYTHING -  NPCs shortly after at 10:07
In a world of hypercritical reviewers, review bombing, jaded gamer extremism and socially fearful critics, Gameranx stands alone with their Before You Buys. Honest gamers with hopes and an understanding of how games work and how development works trying to save us all trouble by expressing their grounded, candid feelings with seemingly no censor. I fully trust you, Gameranx, with my expectations and my wallet!
The last Harry Potter game I really enjoyed was the goblet of Fire. I’m happy to be able to play a new fantastic Harry Potter game. I’m really hoping this is game of the year. Only cause I got the deluxe edition and want the 90$ to be worth it.
Question is to buy on PC or PS5? I enjoy PC because I can play on any game max settings with high frame rates , but I also enjoy PS5 and the dual sense tech and how it makes games feel a bit better. what do you recommend?
You're a Blizzard Harry.
Thank you for some pros some cons and some honest personal opinion, and of course some straight up gameplay
What about the hoods? can they be worn?
Solid review. Can’t wait to pick it up tonight and get lost in Hogwarts
Any idea what the resolution is in performance mode?
Sounds like a bit of a waste. I think it would have been so cool to have been a student at Hogwarts for a year, attend classes, boost your skills through that, make friends and unravel some big plot that is occurring on the grounds. Instead it just seems like an action game with Hogwarts as a backdrop. Which is great as well, but it makes the usage of Hogwarts and the school setting a bit of a waste. From the reviews I've heard there is very little character development and you never really feel like a student at Hogwarts, more like a strong wizard who just happens to go at Hogwarts. Would have been nice to have used the school and its setting more instead of just using it for nostalgia.
Friendly reminder that the response to "You're a ----phobe" is not "No I'm not" but rather "I don't care"
thats the correct before u buy i wanna see
When can we start to downlade the game?
I'm not a potterhead but I do love a good open world rpg and I'm so hyped for this game!
I'm basically just really excited for a new open-world exploration game, and the Harry Potter universe allows the developers to get really creative with level design. Can't wait to play it
God I hope the PC port is good. wands crossed.
I'm rather excited for this one. Not a fan of the "pay $10 more to play a few days early!" model, though.
Big Gameranx fan, and Harry Potter fan. This is the video I needed!
09:35 that’s some serious NPC late pop-in there.  Running on PS5, you say?
I was part of the kids who grew up with the movies, then faded out and didn't care about the new ones, I'm for sure going to play this with my GF a lot!
oh so it's not multiplayer???
I'm old enough to remember playing that old Harry Potter game on windows 95. Hope this can measure up 🙂
I only recently started loving all things Harry Potter. I’m nowhere near my wife’s level of love for the franchise but she’s really looking forward to watching me play!
just finished the pokédex in pokemon Violet. no way anything will ever be as glitchy!
Nice to see Jake enjoying a nice whisky with his review.
Jake you have a lovely voice <3
Can't wait to pirate the game
Just because you're not Conway Twitty or Liam Neeson doesn't mean your voice is annoying. I barely play video games anymore, and I will probably never buy this unless my girlfriend is interested, but I still respect the hell out of your opinion on games and will tune in whenever I see a title of interest that you review.
Hey gameranx what did you think of the difficulty and is there different difficulties in the game?
The rare instance I bought BEFORE The Before You Buy came out.
Back in my days, you had two choice - Mario or Luigi. Nobody complained.
r/gamingcirclejerk users try to not look like crying soyjaks challenge (nightmare difficulty)
Honestly, I look at Gameranx then Ign
Transmog from day 1 awesome.
Oh man, was holding off on my pre-order so I could wait for reviews, but finally decided to do it last night! Now the reviews are out, and I think made the right call! Hyped is a huge understatement!!
I don't even like HP and I'm hyped for this game, especially after all the outcry from game journalist makes me want to get it more
You had me at flipendo
You're a Blizzard, Dairy.
As someone who was HIGHLY worried that this would release unfinished and broken mess, this video was VERY reassuring. I think ill get it now!
im happy this game is good. i was scared this game would be bad (i saw too many overhyped games which were bad games)
What's this? A triple A game title? That isnt filled with microtransactions? It's finished? You're saying there's a legitimately good game here? Perhaps I've become too jaded
Can my character have a beard or any facial hair?
Can't wait to play tomorrow! Or Wednesday because my download sucks
I'm stoked to play it. I grew up reading the books and watching the movies, and I had the games for 1 on GBC, 2 and 3 on GBA, and I forget which games I had for Gamecube. I never did get into the additional Pottermore content, and the Fantastic Beasts movies were overall pretty disappointing (I never did see the 3rd one yet), so I'm ready for some good HP content. But I'm probably going to hold off. I've heard other reviewers are saying there are performance issues on PC even with higher end hardware at 1440. I've got a Ryzen 7 5700G and a GTX 1080 with a 1440p monitor, so I'll wait and see.
Am I the only that saw he used Basil Hayden, the bourbon as his name ? Love that stuff but only realized now how good a wizard name that is lmao
I’m not even a Harry Potter fan, but I’m definitely getting this. Looks amazing!
As always, an honest and chill review, its just so appealing that you sound like you are talking to a bro while giving your opinion without being too onesided, thank you for being like that :)
Now I am staring at 7 hours 18 minutes 50 seconds left to play Hogwarts Legacy.  Thanks Gameranx!
I’m curious to know which graphics mode you played in. I usually always play in performance mode but I’ve been told fidelity is worth the drop in frame rate.
That's unfortunate to hear that another game got hit with glitches it's sad that we've come to expect this out of games now we've lowered our standards so much we deserve better than this after all we're constantly hearing how advanced the technology is and yet every single game has bugs and glitches is it too much to ask that the games we pay for work as intended upon release I don't think so after all they get a decent development cycle a lot of the time plus they delay the release dates and still we get buggy and glitchy games and I can't be the only one that thinks that's unacceptable can I.
Been so hyped for this game in all honesty...and so far I'm impressed...yes it doesn't seem perfect...but I feel that it gives you what we all wanted... can't wait to play this in a few hours 💯👌🏻
For an extra $100, you can get the alternate ending. 👀
Thanks for the review, I can't help but feel the reviews out by journalists is paid for since they're all so high. I need pros, cons, and personal opinions
The fact that you can't knock over and otherwise ruin the days of NPCs upsets me more than it should...
Bought the game over month and half ago. Digital Deluxe Edition for Series X. I'm all set and ready togo 🎮
Is it a but like God of war . In terms coloured loot and combat
Jake your character looks like Cole Sprouse lol
Most Important Question: Which House will we all Join
Jake, you rule 🫡
Only wish this game had a mmo type of aspect to it. Especially since there is so little interaction with npcs
There’s a trans-mog system? I’m surprised JK would allow such a thing
Only review I care about and ben waiting before. Though i already bought it
already pre-order it and has been unbearable, listing to the review make me want to play it now.
before you buy, gameranx said calmly.
can you avada kedavra annoying npcs?
not a hp fan but if I see a good game, count me in!!! looking forward to trying the game
Got an ad for this game on this video
Love this love you guys
Already did.
Looks like the dragon age inquisition
I'm not even a Harry Potter fan but I want this game!
I don’t know how they did it… but they did it.   It’ll definitely be a GOTY contender
The fact Flipendo is in the game is bloody spectacular. I can still hear Harry from the PS1 games shouting Flipendo over and over.
Well I’ve already bought it. Still watching though.
You're a Harry Wizard!
Dude, your voice is not annoying. So many hours of listening to you and never once has that crossed my mind. Not everyone can sound like Falcon 😆😆
Also Arkham knights was a badass game disagree there
Thank you for the honest review. Only place to get quality video game content! ❤
Really excited to play this game
Thanks for the vid jake hopefully people can get out pc performance reviews soon don't wanna buy and cant play ahah.
Poor sheep.
I'm actually quite interested in Hogwarts Legacy after the great reviews, i grew up with the Harry Potter movies so to have a game where i can roam around in a fully realised Hogwarts is a dream come true, i was worried it would get terrible reviews for a second there (for now though, Like A Dragon Ishin is a priority because Yakuza is my favourite game franchise of all time so Ishin leaving Japan has been a long time coming, i'll definitely get Hogwarts Legacy at some point though)
1:29  What a psychopath.
I can't wait! Why do we have to wait till April 10th for PlayStation 4?
1:29 what did that sheep did to you Jake?
I'm watching all movies before the 10th(i have never watched the movies,or read the books and know nothing about it), so I can enjoy this game to the fullest!
I made the right choice to wait for a game that I was not really anticipating or looking forward to, being a great game than a game I was looking forward too and hoping it was great and turned out to be a disaster * cough * Forspoken * cough *
The voice pitch is bugged at the moment. The only way to prevent this robotic / talking in bucket voice is to use the standard preset. Luckily you can easily go to the audio menu and reset the options to default including the voice pitch fixing that sound. The only drawback is that it's the standard voice and not the higher or lower voices that one could prefer (me included.)
You're a wizard Gameranx
Thanks! I’ll need to know what I’m in for.
Can I play this with 14gb ram? I know it says 16, but maybe 14 could do for minimal settings?
Thanks for this video! I´ll wait for a week or a little more after it releases, so they can iron out the bugs you mentioned.
I wish it wasn’t a rpg style battle. Those games are slow pace and way to repetitive.
Jake this was a great review! I mean I wasn’t on the fence or anything but this makes me want to play it even fast now lol. I am curious though did you get into the Dark Arts elements at all?
So glad you didn’t mention JK Rowling. I grew up with the books and have been waiting for a game like this ever since. Really glad to see it’s getting good reviews.
Can you turn certain elements of the UI off?
This is what I wanted from a Harry Potter video game when I was a little kid, excited to give it a try.
Honestly been waiting for this to find out if it's worth it and that the hype is deserved 👏
I should probably listen to this one next time and just throw my money away like a madman over Dead Space Remake which was a hit or miss over to the compared one.     I'm glad gameplay and walkthroughs exist now even though being a fan of the series already has me invested.
Poor goat lol
Sorry, you don't need to wait before you buy. Don't get sucked into click bait BS videos where they try and suggestion the product is bad.
I'm gonna end up spending hours and hours customizing the Room of Requirement 😅
I can still hear Harry shouting FLIPENDO
i think we can all agree theres nothing annoying about jake
If you like the vibe of Hogwarts itself in the game, go listen to Trials and Trebuchets podcast
so excited imagine if you'd followed the boycott and missed out on this.  haha screw that xD  i been wanting a good game for a while (q4 of 2022 was....underwelming due to how many games were buggy)
I know this is a game channel and all ... but can we not just ignore the controversy? There is a reason that trans folks are so vocal about it and are asking for at least a boycott! I would have loved to play it, but I feel like basic human rights (and yes this is a discussion about that!) should be a little more important than that.....
Fliiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiipendooo!!
I'm not a massive Harry Potter fan but oh boi I'm so hyped for this
I am not the biggest harry potter fan but this game looks great!!! but still worried about day 1 pc performance of the game.
I'm not a Harry Potter fan by any means, and I wasn't going to play this but you've just about convinced me to try it.
My fiancee grew up with Harry Potter. She loves it. I was introduced to it when we started dating, after I was 33 years old. I enjoyed it enough to be interested in this game. I am now really excited for it, and she cannot wait lol
Incredible review. I was already excited for midnight, but you made it worse! Lol I look forward to these.
I like your voice man
Me watching this and waiting for my Deluxe Edition to unlock at midnight 😂
Hey man I think you have a nice voice IRL.
been waiting for this video the only reviewers i trust!!! thank you Jake <3
Just bought, don’t care
Ok I’m glad this game is going to be amazing- been waiting on an open-world HP adventure my whole life. But for everyone dunking on the trans community, kindly fuck off to Azkaban.
So happy to hear it seems like a good game. I was definitely interested in buying it as someone who grew up when the movies were coming out and I think I’m gonna pick it up on the 10th when it comes out now. Thank you for the honest video like always
Random but can somebody explain to me why Walmart had the deluxe edition or any version on PlayStation as sold out but Xbox isn’t and it isn’t sold out anywhere else??
Your voice isn't annoying Jake! You're just unlucky you share VO duties with Falcon whose voice has gravitas!
Why do you guys always do a ps early preview video maybe you could try doing a xbox early view if you not ps fan boy
Waited for this review before I decided to buy it. Really happy to have a child good favorite brought to the modern day. I tried emulating the PS2 version of The Chamber of Secrets the other day and oh boy did it not work well.
JK Rowling will be proud $$$ From her novels to movies, Universal rides, games like this and all kinds of merch $$$
what score would you give it 1/10?
Before You Bu... NO shut up and take my mooooney ! joke on the side the hype is here ;)
I'm happy and ready to play at midnight
Should I get this for PC, PS5 or Xbox X??
Fuck i already bought it
I love Mad Max and then near 100% I’m OK with open world tropes and activities just as long as they’re done interestingly
I usually buy the game, play through it, then watch your review so I feel validated when my opinion lines up with all of you guys 😂
i am counting down the hours till midnight when i can install and play it tonight.
So ready to play this tonight when my game unlocks at 11 pm. Beyond excited.
Look, I’m all for genuine trans people and letting them live their lives, but seeing how much Twatter people crying about the game and shitting on it is funny.  And then genuine reviewers and real HP fans love the game.
Great video as always
I'm going to cry, this game will make me cry
Nice to see that gameranx is a bourbon fan.
I hope it runs on decently previous gen
Great review Jake, an open-world-magic-school-video-game-ass video game :)
“Game is a bit glitchy.” At this point i’m really not surprised
Jake if you had an annoying voice, I'm pretty sure none of us would be listening to you talk about games all these years later🤣 none of us are here for the gameplay, we are here to listen to you
thank you for an honest review for the game itself
Just bought it!
My desire to play this game ≥ my arachnophobia
my prayers of "pls dont suck" everyday paid of. thank youuuu devs. thank you!
Yeah, I'm going to need to give this game a pass. Not going to give what's her name any money if I can help it.
Ah, my most anticipated video about my most anticipated game. Thank you Gameranx!
You can use up to 16 spells, but there are many more
Mods are gonna be amazing
So there never will be a multiplayer or co op 😢
Allready pre-ordered,  but im gonna watch it anyway.
Err i think everyone already bought it
I'm so glad to hear all the good reviews. I never pre-order, but the 3 day early access got me. I'm so excited to check it out later
What
Go Ravenclaw!
I don't agree with Jake's statement about his voice. Jake has an absolutly lovely voice that I could listen to for ages.
YES - I have been waiting to hear this VERY video!  Go Jake - Go!
Gameranx: before you buy!  Me: pre-order that game!
I'm getting it 👍🏻 👌🏻
It’s magic fighting…with sticks 😂😂 love how Jake said it. Made me laugh!
If only Hogwarts Legacy has a magic casting system similar to Magicka so that players wouldn't be stuck with 4 spells at a time..... That's 1 thing Magicka did right... But even so I'll still play this game because it's so sick!
Whoever said Jake has an annoying voice needs a slap in the face
Would be cooler if you weren’t a child
I miss falcon 😭
Not happy about the Denuvo....but.....it's Warner Brothers Studios so I don't guess there's much choice. Kinda like Bugs with Bethesda. Something you just accept.
I'm gonna be in love with this game when I pay it on ps4
Are we just gonna ignore what he did to that goat at 1:27 ?????
Saying only women can be women isn’t controversial…
1:28 damn whyd you have to do him like that lmao
I've already bought it, but I still watch out of loyalty.
Guess what Jake I Bought it HAHAH Love the page!!!
3:34 Isn’t there more then 16 spells? I thought it was around 26?
Gameranx epitomizes the axiom “With great power comes great responsibility.” In all the years I’ve been following, I’ve never been asked to donate to a patreon and ads are not invasive. This is the best gaming channel on the interwebs and it isn’t even close.
Howdy again 🤠 Whenever I'm confused about should I buy a certain game or not your before you buy videos always help me make a decision 👍
noone gonna coment how NPC's never attack and just stand there??? what a boring combat omg. might aswell call them training dummies
Oh no, I guess Gameranx is evil and transphobic now /s
Really glad you did this review, thank you
I’m very pleased to hear my impulse purchase is gonna be a great game :)
Just pre-ordered the deluxe edition, even non-Harry potter fans get the hype. Can’t wait to play this game!
What a relief. This breaths hope into the viability of the traditional AAA game in general and will be a the proper harry potter experience that's eluded us for so long. Still waiting for my P5 style hogwarts adventure tho!
Funny how an IGN 10 min review feels like forever and a 14 min Gameranx doesn’t seem long enough
Can't wait to get started on my totally original character with no similarities to any existing IP: Larry Trotter
❤️🎮🧙‍♂️
Been waiting for this Before You Buy.
That pop-in while flying is gnarly.
Been waiting on this review from a trustful source
Im not a huge harry potter fan, so im still on the fence
soooo... when is the pvp going to be out? forsenDespair
First
I'm hearing good things....did we finally get a game that promised and delivered.....
OH YAH BEEN WAITING ON THIS AN ITS FINALLY HEREEE
Just tell me straight doc, can i be a dark wizard or nah?
The most important question I have to ask, is there a reference or memorial for the Harry Potter actors that have passed away over the years caue a big Harry Potter game needs to show there respect to the people that made it possible for this to be a thing
Can’t lie this game looks pretty good
Going to watch the video and if Jake will like it then I will like it
I played it didn't see the hype.. I had more fun with Forespoken..
I have to wait 7.5 hours to play, and I'm so excited!
Interesting. 2 views, 8 likes and 200 comments. 🤔
“It’s levioooooosa”
Aaaalright it's time for another banger from my boy Snape Balringo keep it up bud
Can you be an evil wizard that it actually affects the world / story?
Why? ..  01:28
Unbelievable 😱😭
Been hyped on Darkwarts Legasouls and this is the game we've been waiting for for over a decade!
The tutelage, of Randy Tutelage.
Kinda overrated imo, its not gonna be good, something like gotham knights
I’ve been waiting all day for this review! I’m so glad you enjoyed the game :)
*Before You Buy* * I pre-ordered*
If you arent a terf and Anti semite you wont buy thge game, easy :)
I just wish the game had a darker tone just alittle
Finally one of the only reviewers I trust can't wait to get home and watch it
Do you know how the keyboard layout feels or would it be better for a controller?
Good to see quality games coming out considering last year Elden ring made the gaming industry a turd fest
It’s finally here!! Thanks gameranx for putting in so much hard work to get these videos out so fast 💙
The time has Come 😊
Finally!!!! Downloading the game as I watch this video 🤣
I have to wait till April, I dont have a ps5 yet so gonna get it on the PS4.
You’re so real for this
Can’t wait to play I thought this game would totally flop preordered after reviews today hopefully bugs and glitches are gone by release day on Friday
your voice is NOT annoying sir >:(
The people bragging about buying it because people demand you boycott it are just as annoying as the people who demand you boycott it.
Extremely hyped for this game. Friday can not get here fast enough.
Ready for this to be my new favorite game
Can i romance and no quidich :(
Buying this game proves you support women. Everyone should be a terf
love to see my favourite youtubers doing marketing for a terf just in order to get views
Only played an hour of it so far on my series x and i'm absolutely loving every minute of it!  The only issues i have come across was a single framerate drop and some light adjusting thing when i entered hogwarts from an outside area. Both minor bugs that i'd imagine will be patched soon.  Both bugs only happened briefly and probably not noticeable to most people.
i'd fell better about buying this game if i knew the creator of the world was involved its really shitty that she is not how you can take something from someone like this is upsetting and scary
I just noticed the before you buy thumbnails is kinda like that "mrbeast✋😀✋" meme
*Hogwarts legacy after you buy* There you go I fixed your title for you.
Imagine trying to bring down people that just want to play open world act adv rpgs as an escape from the real world to have fun in life. A chance to forget whatever theyre dealing with only to be judged even harsher, it's 2023.. do better people. Don't judge ppl by hobbies vs political views which majority of players avoid. Can't wait to play tonight.
I want to be able to call out spells with my mic and use all the spells I know I shouldn’t have to unlock spells I know
Hufflepuff is the new meta
I wanna see it's Nintendo gameplay trailer 👍🏻
Im a simple person. I wan't to use Abara Kedabra spell
I have nothing against Trans people at all I have 3 Trans friends but I think people making noise over Rowling's comments need to calm down and learn to ignore these people. On topic I'm really looking forward to playing this.
Overhyped game.
I made it 669   noice
I just love when games have stuff I can collect in the open world especially if it's cosmetic stuff, that was my favorite part of tsushima I got addicted to finding every item possible in the open world, I hope this game has that
Here because your content is awesome, I pre-ordered the deluxe.
Request Video Choo-Choo Charles 2023 Before You Buy Video Pls.
This video should’ve been titled “Hogwarts legacy: After you’ve already pre-ordered”
Whahaha I wish I could see the faces of those ugly science experiments called trans people, I bet they're sulking in the lab about how well this game is being received 😂
If your voice was really annoying, I wouldn’t watch these videos lol
I wish all games had a 1 day embargo. At this rate i might as well unsub to almost everybody because damn the guides are rolling out
Everything I've seen, It looks amazing. Can't wait to get it and hop in.
Honestly the boycott made the game even more popular and it helps that the game seems to be made with love and quality.
This game made me wish I had a gaming channel now just so I could stream it out of spite. Yes, I am THAT kind of guy. 😆
First Hifi rush and now this! 2023 is off to a great start!
Thanks, Jake! Helpful as always. Been subbed for YEARS now, and will continue to be for many more.
my wife and i cant wait for tonight
The video came im in heaven
It feels like a miracle spell that this game doesn’t suck. So excited!
fov is too small
I so want to play this game because it looks tons of fun
Weird. I don't remember transgender showing up in biology.
I'm getting it just to stick it to those heterophobes!
Harry Potter I assume
There's no multiplayer content what so ever?
Try it on The steam deck please
Have we ever gotten a good Harry Potter game? I might actually have to get this game. It looks good
As somebody who dont care at all about harry potter and i always find the older harry potter game boring as hell , this one looks awesome
I hope its not shit
No quidditch 😢
I've waited so long for a AAA Harry Potter game, Glad it's finally here
First game I’ve pre-ordered
I love the included gameplay of you randomly lifting a sheep just to drop it on the ground and walk away.
Last time i was this early there was no gameranx channel on YouTube....  My AIO cooler died and i can't replace it at the moment so buying this game early went in vain... Idk how long I will not have a PC to play on  Love your work... Keep up the good work.. At least I can watch games on YouTube by awesome people like you
Yeah I've been waiting all day for this review
The Thumbnail genuinely looks UNEDITED
RAVENCLAW ON TOP
They need to add a Battle Royale lmfao
I mean with all the leftist tears it got I bought it on day one drop
I’ve heard good things so far, but I always like hearing that y’all like it. I’m gonna purchase tonight
Ooooh if this doesn't make me WANNA BUY HOGWARTS, I'll just blame that JAKE dude
Now watch the Twitter mob try to cancel this channel for playing this game... 🤣
Looks OK but not really a Harry Potter fan so think ill wait for it be like 15/ 20£
Curious to see how the Switch version will translate 🤞
فکر کنم خفن باشه
Why does the entire game look so muddy? In fact, why do so many games do this now?
I hope we are not forced to engage with dark arts and get involved in trouble.  I hope there is enough to enjoy even if I don't follow the story, I don't wanna be Harry, I wanna be Neuville... 1-4 Neuville.
Damn jake is a transphobic :(   Edit: SARCASM
66 comments in 1 min how
the hype is real! Can’t wait, already called off for work tomorrow 😅 thanks for another great video ❤
One of the most wholesome games of all time.🙏🧙‍♂️
right on time
I hope I can make my character look like squid Werd 😢
Seeing a lot of console footage in these reviews. Anybody know how the performance is on PCs?
I've been waiting for this video for weeks.
I am not going to get that game because of the mobile game that has kinda ruined the Harry Potter game experience for me
OMG can't wait
Already bought it and waiting to play tonight I could care less what people say about it
I'm the first comment let's gooo
I'm so early
Lol I literally just looked up this channel for the before you buy review
Hi
Been More excited for this video than da actual game
How the hell does this have 32 likes in 25 seconds with 2 views? That makes no sense
W game
Where are my fellow “transphobes” playing this great game at?
This game is getting nothing but GREAT reviews! I pre ordered and will be playing at 1 PM tomorrow! I’m excited!
Thanks for this video Jake
So early the comments won’t even load
Woaa
You're a hairy wizard! I think that's the line
Hi
Already pre ordered the digital deluxe just here for the support because you guys are the best!
Game of the year
I’m stokkeeedddd
First comment ❤️
Waiting for it to unlock on steam for the uk
Here for the comments 🍿
Early viewer club
Fuck boycotting this, I’ve waited so long for this game.
I can't wait for it
Stoked to play this game
JK Rowling haters: "We demand you boycott this game! It offends us!"  Everyone: *buys it anyway*  JK Rowling haters: *surprised Pikachu face*
Chicken teeth.
Literally been waiting for this video! Heroes  Edit.  Not been a huge harry potter fan over the years, but I've always liked the concept of this game, got the deluxe pre ordered & will be picking it up after work for definitely now!  Your videos are always helpful, thanks guys You're legends
God I love You jake baldino
I can save everyone time , don’t buy the terf game :)
Harry Nobber incoming!
BANG
Nice nice
Ouu im first in the comments
Yo
It’s about time 😂 I was checking your page everyday 🤣🤣
👌
That’s fast😭
8 hours and counting...
I’m last
Been waiting for this
You’re a wizard Harry
Allready bought
Too late I will play in 2 hours.  Edit: after exploring 3 hours hogwarts I can't wait to play more it's so beautiful and detailed. After work I have to play more.
First
Love you gameranx ❤️
Not first...
First
I just pre ordered mine can’t wait
Oh boy
Lets go!
this is what we’ve been waiting for
Hey cutie
Yo what's up?
First
been waiting for this
First
I was waiting for this :D
First
FIRSTTYY
First
Hi
Hi
Here we go guys
Hiii
Hi Jake
First!!! Love your videos. You are amazing.
