This trailer implies no only is Clown’s father an alcoholic but that he also gets quite scary and abusive when he gets drunk.
2024 anyone!?
Essas Histórias em animação são sempre ótimas.
This trailer is proving that Clown has the most realistic and tragic backstory from all killers. There is no magic or insane unique stuff like in Twins or Spirit or Trickster backstories. Only domestic violence, pain, loneliness and painful childhood. Clown is the scariest killer in DBD because he is the only one who can easily appear in real life and already appeared many times in the past.
120
119
118
117
E
Is the clown the dad or the boy
0:15 When your custom character appears in a cutscene.
Are you guys going to make a spring trap
Springtrap PLAES
Every game is a corpse guard, the official is really rubbish, rubbish gameplay
When is pin head coming  on ps4
The girl of ring
When he said “endless loop of pain of suffering” you know that you can do a loop😂
Fix your goddamn servers!!!!! I get booted constantly when I play this fucking game! Also make the characters look the way they used to when they are bloody and prestiged!Some of them dont even look like the same characters!!!!! The killers are too damn op and it glitches like crazy. The survivors run slower than they should. FIX THIS GODDAMN GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Completely off topic but they should add the camp nightwing map from fear street and the killer should be the camp killer I forgot his name. Just a thought.🙃
Fix ranking
Parece o palhaço enfisema do Panico na Band
Plz fnaf
i have a lg
make a dbd on lg
Look man, I wanna throw my opinion out there, maybe it's pointless and I'm just tryna make myself feel better but last year, I was a rank 1 survivor consistently for damn near half a year before I fell back to play other games and I just feel like today's Dbd swings too much toward the killer side, instead of having things much even as they used to be. I mean its damn near impossible to run a killer anymore, imo and speaking from basically every game I play now, that was my thing, I would take the killer away from my teammates and run his socks off until they either didnt wanna deal with my shit no more or all gens were popped and it was go time. Nowadays I get hit through pallets and windows, which as always been a thing but it's just soooooo much more consistent now. I used to be a juke god and knew all the little techniques to making a killer miss while just simply running away and I'm not tryna toot my own horn or nothing but I was really good at that and that's no more. I mean every killer is broken now damn near. The lung is longer and hits a lot easier now and I dont pip like I used too and I have literally never changed the way I play since being rank 1. I mean i hopped back in and even some good and balanced perks were nerfed tf out of and are complete trash now. It's just aggravating that they always focus on the killers too damn much but wont fix these god forsaken hit boxes and it'll probably never change which is why I cant play this game religiously like I once did....
Could the clown be actually Schizophrenic or is just his imagination?
I hope this is foreshadowing for a werewolf killer!!! 🐺🐺🐺
Now we need the ghastly gibus!!!
Make a resident evil 8 killer
Boring
This tome sucks outside of the clown stuff.
So when are killers going to get buffs? Survivors are still op as fuck with a win rate of 98%, guess this game will probably always be unbalanced garbage favoring one side. Let the hate begin 😆
i still cant even load into the game... it just crashes after the cutscene on launch...
I swear to god if it’s another clown killer
Can u make costum  have all carter and all killers
Yoooo the tf2 hat
Ah yes i can't wait to play weaker slow down power than Freddy with 0 map control
The rift is so ugly bro. I don’t want a charm with fucking clown shoes on it, or a tent. Like wtf?
Rework the clown??
Getting looped to death feeling like a clown lol
I’ve been playing dbd ever since the Omni chapter came out back in 2019 and I still don’t know what these are.
here I am, waiting for fast mode.
I really do like the idea of clown, but I just feel like he is still the weakest.    I know it's kind of a doctor/freddy thing, but I feel like Clown should have some sort of Hallucinations. Perhaps fake effects i.e tricking survivors into thinking they are exhausted, etc.  Gas exposure or something like that, fake pallets/windows. There is a lot of potential for a Freddy styled rework for Clown. Just throwing out ideas.
haha very nice. 🔫now show us the new chapter
I wish they wouldn't humanize every killer, like just let them be evil for no reason and tell that story.  The whole "something bad happened to make me bad" angle is played out as fuck at this point
lore
finally. clown rights.
all i want to know is narrating them!
Yay for the DC Penalty being back! But since you tinkered with your crappy P2P netcode on a game with Dedicated Servers, now we have issues with games locking up server side and the only resort is to leave game or alt f4. among the new bugs is the full game server kick that gives everyone a DC penalty even the killer. Throwing a pallet will show a downed animation and the scream from being downed... then the survivor pops back up. I mean, great game i guess. Stop doing Bloodhunts. Killers just hard camp and tunnel even more. Aint shit fun in this game anymore unless you SWF and thats kinda cancer.
I hate how I immediately thought of Katy Perry’s Dark Horse at the end haha
Fix the bug 3 hit !!
Whos the observer again?
Hopefully they'll be a xenomorph, predator, and terminator update. I'll purchase all 3
Clown II Electric Boogaloo
This is not a new killer is it
Yea everyone get ready for 3 cosmetic skins ,3 recolour skins and 1000 charms woohoo….
I done pooed myself… anyway nice trailer
Hah hah Ha haaaaaa
Kind of hard to feel bad for a character whose add-on is a porn VHS js
I hope one day Behaviour will release FNAF collab with Springtrap and Friday's Pizza location.
so clown is at madness 3
Clown’s tv be like: I have all those fingers the knife goes chop chop chop and if I miss the spaces between my finger will come off
Its finger licking good
Clown Hat Gibus Team fortress 2
Oh boy more cosmetics for these cheat code using killers i wonder if gamers can actually play killers without cheat codes like barbeque no ed blood warden I mean there's even a cheat code to reduce wiggle time even though there's like 100 hooks not even 10 feet apart but it's fair for the killers Welp I will always will be rank 20 survivor cause I'll be leaving these cheat code games
The writing here is that of a college freshman
Please FNAF
메튜야~~ 이번엔 잘 좀 하자~~~~
Wolfman next killer?
0:16 lol
you know i won't lie but the only reason why i won't delete dbd is because of the private matches blight destroyed the game you always get genrus cause the gens are faster
Hey uh dbd fix your loading screen on console literally has no fps cap so it makes the console work itself to death.
Where's ARCHIVE'S NURSE???
i actually noticed that we still don't have the stereotype killers yet, like a warewolf, vampire, etc
Next chapter: Sprint burst
If only you could actually get into a match in less than an hour lmao
Isn’t there already a clown?
The whole time I'm just thinking "The hamburglar really do be stabbing werewolves now"
Wait so the Rift gives you lore on the characters? All I ever do is just play the game… I don’t even do challenges
I love your Grafik and this kind of Videos
Hey look rudolph made it into the game.
A new Killer?
Can y’all fix Jill valentines face
Im confused is clown getting a rework or is it a completely new killer
I have a good question.  What do I gain if I finish the season or (the rift) answer please…
Amazing trailer just wished clown had a better buff and of course we wish we had a werewolf
So is this like a new killer?
FIX JILL VALENTINE'S FACE PLEASE!!! 👩🏻👩🏻
The classic tale of monsters creating monsters.
Anyone know who the narrator is for this? He sounds so familiar, but I can't for the life of me figure out where I've heard him before.
wtf
Nice, too bad I can't play the fucking game in console! Cause of the fucking lag!! 😆
would love to play! if only console worked :/
Fix your game and balance it out!  Dumbass developers
I hope they buff Clown aka the worst killer before realasing the Tome -.-
Hey, I have that perk!
epic music
Damn I kinda feel bad for clown now
este trailer es mejor que el mismo juego y no le encontré ningún bug.
I was really hoping for springtrap..
