I can’t stand stuff like that. Avant-garde is a very polarizing thing and I get that. But I can usually appreciate something about it. Wavelength just feels like it’s pretentious. As if it being weird and completely devoid of any form of entertainment makes it interesting
By your logic, isn't Andy Warhol's Empire even worse?
Joe Dirt is the worst movie I've ever seen
Things. The worst movie i ever saw was called Things.
Worst movie ever:  McBane.  starring Christopher Walken
Worst movie ever ? AVGN the movie 🎥
Breast milk ?
Good thing the movie didn’t just focus on a “mowden”. I don’t even know what that is, but I can tell you that I don’t want to see it.
I heard the actor was nominated for an Oscar 😂
The movie serves it's purpose, as a film student you learn what not to do!
Beyond Detention (2025) The absolute worst thing I have ever seen.
The avant garde label gives pass to all kinds of crap in the art world
The worst film, like James said, would have to be devoid of any entertainment, but I would also like to add Political Correctness, Wokeness, Boring Dialogue, Pretentiousness (Artsy) and it being too long. I don't think "Wavelength" should even count as a film even if it's considered a film by definition. It's a strange world we live in where Neil Breen, Tom Green, Ed Wood and Tommy Wisea are great film makers.
The worst movie to me are patronizing bad comedies. Disaster Movie is my worst movie ever. I actually felt angry when I was forced to see it because it was so unfunny
So, the jaded part of me wants to say a Marvel movie. I cannot for the life of me understand why people enjoy them.  The writing is always terrible, the effects are god awful for something that has a higher budget than some entire countries, and the acting feels like a high school production of a Power Rangers episode, but with none of the charm of either one.  But, I know that's fairly far from the truth, because I've at least enjoyed one moment of every Marvel movie (typically it was the moment where I got to leave the theatre).  To be brutally honest though, Garzey's Wing is easily the worst film I have ever seen. Not only is it my pick for the worst anime of all time, its probably the worst animated feature of all time.  Its dull, its slow, its voice cast is a literal charismatic black hole. It doesn't have a single genuine moment where you might even assume it could grab your attention. The DVD even tries to lure you in with the seductive phrase "from the creator of Gundam".  Which is like if the 2009 Bionic Commando reboot had "from the creator of Mega Man 2" on the box.
Wavelength is one of my Top 5 least favorite movies. You hit the nail on the head of why. No plot, the loud sounds, all of it.   I saw it because it's in the book 1,001 Movies You Must See Before You Die. I wish I were kidding.  I'd rather die than sit through it again.  Note: My least favorite movie EVER is August Underground's Mordum.  I couldn't even finish it.
Wired = horrible movie
Surprisingly Wavelength has made several lists of best films of the century.
RIP Michael Snow. No doubt this negative review is what pushed him over the edge.
The worst film I've ever watched is that weird art film that was just a long filmed recording of a painting. However the Worst Film I've Ever Experienced was a midnight showing of the wizard of oz in 1986 at the regal cinema because everyone was going nuts and I swear 80 percent of the audience was on acid or mushrooms so it quickly deteriorated into A shit show of madness that made me so uncomfortable I was thinking about how to escape the chaos and navigate my way through the psychos when the staff decided enough was enough and called the sheriff's department to break up the insanity.
This kinda feels like a copout, i think the worst movie should first of all be A MOVIE. Kind of a boring pick.  And i actually LIKE Phantom Menace.
1. Axem 2. Killer Cabbage 3. The Fanatic
Worst movie ever Halloween 2 Rob zombie are we there yet are we done yet Police academy 5 Police academy 6 movie 43 movie piece poltergeist 3 there's a lot of more I can't remember yet
You should see sleep with John Giorno
Never heard of Wavelength, but come on, how many terrible art films are there? Millions, and while pretentious, they are not designed to entertain. For me, it’s The Rise of Skywalker. As a child I made up better stories playing with my Star Wars figures. It was a true failure. The studio had the biggest budget imaginable and the greatest cinematic universe to explore and instead it was a reflection of everything wrong with modern Hollywood. It killed Star Wars. Truly awful.
The Legend Of Boggy Creek (1972).  There are scenes where you can clearly see that the actors are reading their lines from cue cards.
Jack and Jill and Bucky Larson Born to be a Star.  To note Batman Forever and Batman and Robin are my favorite Batman movies. People bitch about them but they are COMIC BOOK movies. One liners are literally from comics. People want realistic representation of a man in a bat suit. Blows my mind. I absolutely love them great cast.
For me, the worst film I’ve ever seen is probably either Godzilla: City on The Edge of Battle, or X-Men: Dark Phoenix. Both are simultaneously somehow equally mind-numbingly dull, and blood-boiling levels of infuriating.    I could also pick something cheap and schlocky like “Mega Shark vs Giant Octopus,” or “Age of Dinosaurs,” but it wouldn’t really do me any good, because those Asylum/SyFy monster movies are such low hanging fruit.
This seems like a film best viewed blind and in very certain mental states, probably mostly post-acid comedown. I looked at some critic reviews (all glowing) and one called it "the most rigorously composed film ever," fair enough since it's one continuous shot of a rectangular room.
This is a hot take but the concept of this movie and the way James described it genuinely sounds awesome and really interesting 😅
Wavelenght is the original Samara killer tape from The Ring
For me, "2001: A Space Oddyssey" pretty tedious, pretentious shit.
didn't think there was a film worse than Things but i think u found it
The worst movie in my opinion is Lost Highway. Take out the nude scenes and it has absolutely no redeeming value.
Idk bout the worst movie I’ve ever, however I’ve seen a bunch of boring ass movies in my life and the most boring movie I’ve ever seen is the tourist starring Johnny depp and Angelina Jolie. This movie can put anyone to sleep
Charlie's Angels Full Throttle
Avant garde....more like some jackass recording a wall for 45 minutes! Come on, what am I supposed to learn from that?
The worst hollywood made film I saw was the Black Dahlia, some detective drama that was based on the true murder of some girl i dont remember her name.  The movie had terrible characters, no plot, no logic or sense, it tried to by stylish but failed, it was a complete non-movie, no substance at all.  Movies like Battlefield Earth and the Room are very bad indeed but still entertaining as hell hence why they are often talked about, but I guarantee nobody is even mentioning the Black Dahlia, its a forgotten bore that makes you wonder why it was made.
Freddy Got Fingered comes to mind when bad movies are discussed!
i think the worst movie ever made is paint drying
War of The Worlds with Ice Cube has now taken this spot
No one ever mentions Shanghai Suprise one of the most joyless films ever. Probably Sean Penn's worst performance ever.
What was the movie that you liked as a kid but nowadays hate it as an adult
had a feeling this was going to be the movie..
The Avengers from the 90’s with Uma Thurman and Sean Connery. I think I fell asleep from boredom in the theatre
My answer is: Thankskilling. Horrible movie.
Some movies are so bad they're crimes.
Birdemic. Runner Up: Samurai Cop.
The one redeeming value of Wavelength is that it helps us forget  The English Patient.
return to sleepaway camp
Attack of the Killer Tomatoes is without contest the singularly most appalling film ever committed to celluloid.
Escape From Angola
2001 A Space Odyssey
Mother! starring Jennifer Lawrence gets my vote for worst movie ever.
Wavelength reminds me of Andy Warhol's Empire
My vote goes to "Tomboy," a piece of tripe from the 1980's. Only movie I ever walked out on. Just turrible.
The Legend of Chun-Li
2 G's & a Key.
Megaforce hands down....
I was shown Paul Sharits' T.O.U.C.H.I.N.G. in film class and I had to put my head down. I couldn't watch the whole thing. I tell people that was the worst film I've ever seen.
Wavelength is more like a creepy internet video from the 2000s like “I feel fantastic” or “obey the walrus” than a cinematic experience
War of the Worlds 2025 is the worst movie
@cinnemassacre: Critique Alejandro Jodoworsky
Boogie nights! Walked out 😂
Neil breen
Legion from 2010 is objectively the worst movie ever made.
hang on Freddie got fingered Master of disguise Freaking classics my man
Now the worst movie I have ever seen is Wicked.
Lars van trier's antichrist...
This is like the movie version of John Cage's 43'43"
Combat Shock is something worth looking into. Im not saying its the worst but definitely disturbing as it is a Troma film.
The Blair Witch Project.  Only movie that I actually walked out of in the theatre as it was horrendous.  Terrible acting and absolutely nothing happens.
War of the worlds 2025 is now unbeatable
Reminds me of Skinamarink
If the answer isn’t the sequel to KILLER NERD, you’re wrong.
Honestly, thank you James for introducing me to Wavelength (1967). I actually love avant-garde films. I watched this and I found it incredibly interesting, even if you didn't personally enjoy it.
Dark Harvest - Corn Maze   is THE WORST
There is so much room at the bottom I simply can't decide!
The movies I think are bad and that I hate the most: Joker 2019 We're the Millers The Force Awakens Armageddon
Robocop 3
I’ve had a a terrible movie, but when I saw about a snake
I was just for what about chickens
Oh, it’s like those are Razzies
I have a seg for books
I want to see a fighting game with all of the bad movies as characters. Not characters from the movies, but the movies themselves. They would fight to the death in the Thunderdome, with Highlander rules of "There can be only one."
The internet has agreed it's Samurai cop but of course there's tons of people who say it's the worst movie ever to everything😅😅
This was meant for psychological training. You're welcome.
Kinda took the easy way out on this one.
Please cover john cages 4:33
The master would not....... approve.....
I usually say the worst film I ever saw is the ones I don’t remember. The ones that left no impression on me, that were so completely unremarkable in every way that I don’t even remember watching them 😊
A terrible film. Amazon Prime's remake of roadhouse 🤢
"Freddy got fingered" was terrible. "Nope" was bad, too.
The happening and crank 2
The AVGN movie
Titanic
Freddy got fingered is a great movie.
Worst movie ever is either movie 43 or going overboard
Skinamarink
That film about some nerd finding and reviewing ET was awful.
What is the purpose of making something that no one will enjoy? I think it's just people that like to pretend they are deep
Worst movie ive seen is the walrus
Creepshow three is the worst movie ever
The Exorcist II is a great movie. Fight me.
Didn't he make it?...
Worst movie ever made IMO is Matrix Resurrection. It isn't just a bad movie, or even just a bad sequel, but it's a movie that retroactively destroys the entire franchise if you view it as canon. It took a great franchise and makes you not even want to watch the originals ever again. It's so bad that people thought it was intentional by the director. It's not even bad but entertaining, it's a film that is so bad it makes you angry. I wish I never saw it.
I’d argue the worst experimental film would be one of the flicker films from the 60s which could literally give some an epileptic seizure
The worst movie i seen is FoodFight
i love you man but you're sort of proving you're a chump on this one
Manos - The Hands of Fate.
I don't think there's any one worst movie, there's a worst category and that's movies that are produced by companies who despise their audience. Even Wavelength won awards and was a passion project by an artist who wanted to make a statement and not just insult his audience. The producers of that awful Harley Quinn movie blatantly told its audience not to show up and then insulted it when nobody showed up. The Roadrunner movie was permanently shleved because no distributors could meet WB's ransom so I still classify that as a worst movie than Wavelength.
Freddy got fingered is one of the best comedy movies ever
Lady Ballers.
I heard Andy Warhol made an EIGHT HOUR movie of the empire state building.  I don't know if anyone actually sat through the whole film, but it was the sixties so it's possible some hippies got high and enjoyed it.
This is why "The Apple" could be "bad" but is very enjoyable to watch. BIM is on the way!
The Wicker Man with Nick Cage is the funniest movie ever! The scene he has bear skin on and punches that woman. I yell at the TV "Despite all my rage I am still just a bear on a cage!"
The Matrix 4 is probably my personal least favourite movie. Even The Last Airbender was more coherent than that disaster. It did everything wrong, it even failed to just keep the same things from the previous movies they could have kept the same. There was exactly one moment I enjoyed (the joke where he tries to fly), and another 2 hours that were awful.   You're not wrong, the worst movie is technically some experimental statement movie made by a student and never shown to anyone. But that's no fun.
I think people who like movies like wavelength are basically the people who see the emperor's new clothes.  They don't actually see any merit, but they want to feel superior and intellectual or whatever, special.
The Room was not bad "on purpose"
Phantom Menace is AWESOME.
He's actually making it sound pretty cool. A movie that's real psychological torture.  Sounds like a better experience than Midsomar.
This is Spinal Tap!
Whats the background music? It almost sounded like some silent hill music
What about battlefield earth¿
Schindler‘s list
Glenn and Glenda is extremely difficult to watch. Might be the worst
The avgn film
The Andy Warhol film Empire. Easy choice.
Freddie got Fingered? I mean i heard it was the worst somewhere.
Meet the feebles. Unwatchable
Wagons East is the worst film I ever saw.
Abduction 2011
Mullholland Drive. Panic Room.
Martin (Hache).
The worst movie ever is Matrix 4.
Anything fast and furious
That's simple: Emilia Pérez.
The answer is, and always will be...Blood Gnome.
Ok let me preface this by saying I love every single other David Lynch movie quite a bit.  Inland Empire is the worst movie I have ever seen.
im not saying that interstellar is the worst movie ever but i really hate that people consider it to be one of if not the best movies ever made
Snow White & Woke Super man or pretty much anything currently made by Walt Disney 🤔🥱
The AVGN movie.
Imo the worst movie is the last airbender POS.
Signs!!! worst ending anyways...... "swing away Tommy....."
I could enjoy Wavelength projected on screen from film. But the copies available on the internet are horrible.
Meeting evil, vacancy. These are 2 of the worst films I've ever seen and theu both have luke wilson
The AVGN movie
The AVGN movie 😂
My money is on battlefield earth.
Jack and Jill
I saw Open Water in the theater and that was the worst movie I have seen to date
Tmnt 3
Cool world
Freddie got fingered
Worst Movie Ever!??   ...The Sinful Dwarf (1973)
Rise of skywalker
The Jar... you could say it's jarring
You could put Leonard Part 6 up there. I was 13 when I saw it in the theater and it was so bad my then 53 year old aunt thought it was awful as well.
I watched "Who Killed Captain Alex" and Dragon Ball Evolution is still the worst film I've ever watched.
Apparently it's the Snow White live action from Disney now.
Dragonball Evolution
bad art is art that makes you feel nothing. i feel like this film serves its purpose as art
I wish LJN would make that movie into a video game lol
the onion movie was so dogshit.
Of course, thats what happens when a hippie makes a movie!
House of the Dead by Uwe Boll is the worst movie I’ve ever seen. It’s beyond awful.
Monster A Go-Go, Beast of Yucca Flats, or After Last Season
I wanted him to go completely mad in his older avgn episodes.
SORRY! The worst movie ever is The Aurora Encounter!
I genuinely find these types of "art" pieces to be an absolutely insufferable.
the AVGN movie
6:23 what if Wavelength is supposed to be a horror movie? Aside from the horror of the viewing experience, I think seeing the photo is what kills people within the world of the film, or maybe the photo *is* what emits the high-pitched noise, killing the observer similar to an SCP. The closer you get to the photo, the louder the tone becomes.
Our drawings by Calobi productions
Correct me if I’m wrong, but isn’t there a portion of Wavelength where a woman is like guiding two movers in the apartment? I remember seeing something like that when I watched it years ago
Well, well, well... 3 years later,  this video needs an update.   So much has happened in these 3 years 😅
I Spit on Your Grave or New York Ripper are the two worst movies I’ve ever seen.
Indiana Jones and the Crystal Skull
“What killed the dinosaurs? The ice age!”  Uh… no. It didn’t.
F13 jason takes Manhattan
Caddyshack 2
Food fight is pretty bad
The AVGN movie
Yes i agree Batman and Robin has to be the worst film ever. Atleast wavelength has the Beatles strawberry feilds played in it.
It's Birdemic.
Hitch
I'm Not saying it's the worst I've ever seen but look up "Possibly in Michigan".
Bucky Larson
Steel Dawn with Patrick Swayze
not the bees!
The English Patient
This was prototype analog horror.
There is a smile on the wall
Pink flamingo is one of them
I think my least favourite movies are: -Holes (2003) (although I probably need to rewatch it)  -Teeth (2007) -Dude, Where’s My Car? (2000)
Hands down the worst movie I’ve ever seen is Dark Harvest 2: the maize.
Mowwtan😏
was it directed by Yoko Ono?
new star wars trilogy
Madame Web was as hard sit through my wife made me give it a shot and I can't say anything redeeming about other than that it wasn't long
The AVGN movie was pretty awful.
I like to hear his videos because his english is very clear and I can understand as a native speaker when I hear James, instead of other youtubers hehehe.
The Angry Video Game Nerd Movie.
another one of those 'intellectual exercises' that should have stayed on paper
7:13 The woman is calling the cannes film festival
счастливый человек. не смотрел непосредственно каху.
Terminator 3 or Napoleon from RScott
Watch Empire. 8 hour shot of just the Empire state building
Bodycount...1
Seems cool.
Dude, u haven’t seen ANYTHING yet! U have 2 watch Wavelength from 1967, that’s the worst movie in MANKIND!
Seems like the film version of metal machine music.
WALL-E is the worst movie ever
also freddy got fingered has a lot of fans now compared to when it came out
completely agree about exorcist 2
grunt!
The Queen of outerspace was pretty bad. staring Zsa Zsa Gabor.
For me it is The Blair Witch Project 2
B Movie Exploitation Independent  Low Budget  No Budget Underground  Video Nasty  Z Movie
Worst movie ever?.... Ishtar.
The remake of The Craft.
A.I Artificial Intelligence ... so awful
I thought you star was pretty bad for a pretty big budget movie
Freddy Got Fingered
Andy Warhol did an eight hour film of a guy sleeping….
A guilty pleasure of mine is Battlefield Earth & Showgirls😂
Hands down Samurai Cop.
Exorcist 2, Jaws 3D, Plan 9 from Outer Space,
The banana splits, blood and honey run a close second.
Transylvania 65000 or The Master of Disguise
Anything by Edward D. Wood.
The worst movie I've ever seen is  Caddyshack 2.
There's plenty bad ones out there. For me, the worst movie is Everything Everywhere All at Once. Incredibly terrible....
Deep Rising, hands down. It singlehandedly changed our policy of muscling our way through a movie because we'd spent money renting it.
Battlefield Earth (every shot on a tilt)
Awesome video! the worst movie I've seen is the cat in the hat. Can you review that movie.
MIB 2 was pretty horrible
Saying "Wavelength" is the worst movie for not being entertaining is exactly like saying that the Los Angeles Dodgers are a bad baseball team for playing an entire 162-game season without scoring a single touchdown.
Oh man, "Wavelength" is really interesting. Avant-garde cinema can be devoid of conventional entertainment, but why is that the sole criterion? It played colleges and art museums ripping off no one for existing outside the economics of movies. It achieves its goal, which was not entertainment. It is not just a wall and a tracking shot. Two women talk, listen to music, and a man dies. Inaccurate description raises doubts about whether you watched it. Sorry but this is a miss.
Wavelength !!!! Was it Neil Breen
Michael flatleys Blackbird must be up there now
Worst film that is a film (and not avant-garde) in my opinion is Fred: The Movie!
I was totally convinced that you were going to choose the movie Things from 1989.  Nice choice though. I’ve heard of this, the equivalent of Lou Reed’s Metal Machine Music.
The worst movie for me was The Three Amigos. It is the only movie I got up and left the theater.  The next one is so bad it is actually entertaining, Samurai Cop.
The Oscar's have become the Razzies!  And no one involved has a clue it's true!
Forest Gump
Top Gun.(1986).
07:20 Negative colour?
To answer your question: Gladiator. Hands down the worst movie ever. There's no competition.
Sounds like you were entertained.
Jaws: The Revenge
Wavelength is great and important.  Worst ever film?  Anyone ever see Assignment K?  Val Guest must still be squirming in embarrassment.
So it's a precursor to Skinamarink?
Dangerous Men 1985-2005 (took awhile to finish it) was my worst that actually had kinda people acting and sorta some bits of a plot.
The Lighthouse. Hands down.
I don't know, the more I go into the movie the more I get out of it just by its name. The colors changing are an expression of different wavelengths. The droning sound becoming more screeching is a form of audible and visible wavelength. The discussions and the call the person makes is done through the experience and technology of wavelengths. I think art stuff like this has its novelty so I can't really say this is anywhere near the worst movie ever made.
The Swarm - hands down
I can't wait to see the Rifftrax version of this movie.
Plan 9 is hard to watch
this film is a master piece in much the same way  dog turds is fine art !
Return to Oz is the worst. It is too bad to even be a cult classic.
Jesus' Blood Never Failed  Me Yet is something.  At least it sounded nicer and was half as long.
IMDB shows, we’re only up to Sharknado 4…
Easy Answer—— You Are What You Eat, starring Tiny Tim 😖 …. Double Dare you to prove me wrong ‼️
Starting with Blair Witch before I even watch, but open to learning if something is worse. Intrigued by wavelength, I don't remember it.
Freddie got fingered was amazing
Seems to me that the fact he was made to watch it in film school makes it a sort of social commentary.
for me, its Flash Gordon W/ the QUEEN soundtrack.🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮
Car 54 where are you gets my vote
The worst movie ever and one I actually saw was called Boxing Helena.
The worst movie I’ve ever seen is “Movie 43”.  The “jokes” were terrible, the “acting” was horrendous and the whole thing made no sense whatsoever!  I swear, if I ever hear someone say that they actually like it, I am never talking to them ever again.
Emelia Perez
This film looks even worse than Eat    Pray Love.
Wavelength is genius. Can't wait for the director's cut.
Where is Manos?
Worst movie ever...Cloud Atlas
For him it's Ghostbusters 2016, he thought it was so bad, he refused to watch it.
the worst movie i’ve seen is hip hop locos. still haunts my dreams
Easy- Beyond Therapy
Problem Child is the worse movie I’ve seen.
Chiraq
Check out some Neil Breen movies.
Freddie got fingered is hilarious. I don't know what the F you're talking about???
There cant be anyone out there who likes The Happytime murders with Melissa McCarthy.
The Avengers- the later 90s British spy movie made me so miserable in theater I became physically sick or ill regretting finishing it to this day.
Freddie got fingered was a MASTERPIECE!!!!
The effect that this film had on you bears a striking parallel to the effect that Vanilla Sky had on me!
Dragon hunter was the worst I think
Ghostbusters 2016.
1977, Viva Knieval starring Leslie Nielsen in a dramatic role. It's gloriously terrible.
Mutant Chronicles
Most movies are pretty bad these days
If the worst movie isn't "Empire" from Andy Warhol, in my personal opinion would have to be "Rubber" directed by Quentin Dupieuix
Xanadu is always on my worst movies list.
Have to go with Laserblast
Battlefield Earth was horrible. Never heard of the movie he says is worst.
Titanic
His hat is dope af!!
Tomb of the Werewolf.  We got it from Blockbuster, and it was AWFUL.  I don't even know if you can still find it - but if you can, don't let my husband know.  He'll play it on a loop just to make me crazy.
Zardoz.
That movie where Arnold Schwarzenegger gets pregnant has got to be up there.
"Santa Claus Conquers the Martians."  Saw it in 1964 when it came out, and  I was 6 years old. Pia  Zadora (remember her?) was in it as a kid Martian.  Talk about a stinker !!
The absolute worst movie I’ve ever watched is Rob Zombie’s Munster movie. I could not even finish it.
Santa Claus Conquers The Martians
Worst movie?  Napoleon Dynamite
How about John & Yoko's movie?
Gummo is the worst movie ever.
Anything Disney has put out in the last 10 years 😊
Llamageddon
Freddy got fingered was absolutely hillarious
1 Car Wash. 2 Doctor Detroit.
The last airbender.  The cartoon was awesome.   Only movie i walked out.
Hot To Trot
Manos, the Hands of Gate. Hands down.
No doubt this film was made possible by a government grant.
Star Wars ep2 is up there
Battlefield Earth - Scientology movie directed by John Travolta
Troll 2
Dead poets society is and still is the worse film I seen
I've watched a lot of Rifftrax, and one that sinks to the bottom for me, the one that is the least coherent and the least a movie, is 1965's Fun In Balloonland. It deserves to be categorized as an unfinished film, but the makers apparently had the shameful gall to show it in theaters anyway.
May I offer 1968’s “Skidoo” ….. I dare you to watch…if you can!
Birdemic.
Emelia Perez
Anything niel Breen produced
IMDb lists seven people in the cast.
I liked The Exorcist III better than The Exorcist ii.
Still better than twilight
How about a movie called Troll with Sonny Bono took m y son to see it there were only 2 other people there and they left
Ishtar
I've seen Plan 9 from Outer Space. It is not *nearly as BAD* as _Manos, the Hands of Fate,_ an amateur and amateurish movie about some cult. It's so bad that you can't even enjoy it to laugh at. Well, maybe some could. Don't know how. ON the other hand, it does look like _Wavelength_ is THE worst. Did it somehow spawn _The Room?_
Unreleased Fantastic Four movie.
Dogma.
Keith lemon the movie is the worst I’ve ever seen
I'm guessing you weren't a fan of Skinamarink
Escape from Angola
Caddyshack II
"Villains" with Arnold Swartzenneger, Ann Margaret, Kirk Douglas and Paul Lynde is easily the worst movie I've ever seen.
Nothing will ever surpass "Prayer of the Rollerboys" as being the worst movie I've ever seen.
Holy Motors Absolute torture.
Attack of the Killer Tomatoes.
Worst film ever? Three words, "The Creeping Terror.'
Land shark
I have not seen this film but I would like to now. films like this are incredibly soothing to me. I find it so confusing that people genuinely hate it or that so many think it’s impossible to enjoy it without being pretentious
Unique choice!
Idk, turning an X million dollar budget into a million dollar loss that makes you hate the franchise, the creatives, the studios, the very concept of filmmaking itself, turning something you love into something you loathe; working for the biggest (western) studio that has a century of filmmaking nous, access to the best talent available, a well-oiled marketing team that'll bring the punters in... All just to punch FAR below its creative potential... that's quite the achievement.
"Beloved" was the most unpleasant movie i have ever seen. (my wife made me go). we're still married.
Catwoman , fantastic 4 (2015) the marvels were some big movies to make it to the big screen and were terrible
Ishtar
Freddy Got Fingered is awesome!
So, it's the precursor to Skinamarink?
Honestly, for me. The only thing worse than a movie completely devoid of entertainment is a movie that insults your intelligence to the point where it feels like it’s trying to rip your heart out and eat it… like Justice League Dark: Apokolips War
Dragon Ball Evolution is the worst movie ever.(And I'm a dragon Ball fan)
Freddy Got Fingered is a satirical masterpiece! How dare you?
James says that there’s a body on the floor in”Wavelength” but l don’t see a corpse in any of the shots he shows in the video.
He says what he’s doing in the video is having a conversation-that’s untrue,he’s not having a conversation,he’s just looking at a camera and speaking.
my grandson warned me not to watch Possum-------he was right
Caligula was the worst movie ever made.  (trust me).
The circle
Anything by Neil Breen, especially Fateful Findings, The Room and Samurai Cop.
Avgn movie
I was gonna say your movie gotta be up there.
The angry video game nerd movie.
Sbrsky film is another bad movie, it’s so sickening I wish I have never watched it.
Birdemic is beyond legendary today.
The wavelength book is better. It only has one sentence “so there was a wall.”  Then of course hollywood had to get ahold of it and spice things up
Clifford  (1994)
1989’s Things. And I’ve seen Nukie and Feeders 2: Slay Bells.
any andy warhol movie is the worst movie
Wavelength in 1967 is the answer according to James. They should make a Wavelength 2 that would just be the same movie in reverse.
I’m not a huge movie buff but the dramas that come across as edgy or “if you don’t like it, you don’t get it” type. Cant think of anything in particular but movies like this.
Nothing from the '30's -'80's?
Jeepers Creepers Reborn is the worst movie I’ve ever seen
Halloween III
You need to watch The FP. Anyone who even knows what it is can instantly be my friend 😂
I somehow ruined myself.  I can watch Troll 2-types and non-reflexive movies with interest and find myself wondering how it was pitched, what the filmmakers were looking to do, what the actors were thinking etc.  Yet I can't finish Pearl Harbor, am disgusted by Skinamarink/Longlegs, and have zero interest in any MCU stuff.
What about cuties
Manos and the hands of fate
This movie pales in "so bad it's bad"ness compared to Andy Warhol's _Empire._ Eight hours of watching the Empire State Building? 🤯🤯🤯
I still vote Ghostbusters 2016 as the worst film
What does everybody think of Empire (1965 film) by Andy Warhol, which is basically 8 hours of a single non moving shot of the Empire State Building.  There is even less plot and the only dialogue is from the random people walking by the camera.
For me it's After Last Season
Is there a modern remake coming up?
Big Rigs?
Skinamarink, where you can't see or hear anything for almost 2 hours
White Chicks!
Have you ever seen Meet the Hollowheads?
Gigli... Still in 2025
Three amigos ranks high on my turd-o-meter, but I remember a movie called lightning jack as the only movie I ever left the theater out of sheer boredom for.
Worse movie ever?  Perhaps the AVGN movie?  (LOL)
Did he consider his own movie
Freddy got fingered
In my opinion, Snakes on a Plane is the worst movie ever made in mankind history.
I wouldn't even classify that as a movie
Suburbicon directed by George Clooney starring Matt Damon is the worst movie ever.
OscarCUCKs lost RazziesGODs vvon
Nothing but Trouble.  I walked out.  Great cast, unwatchable movie.
The Phantom Menace is so far from the worst film it’s like four movies (I consider the Holiday Special, yes) reserved from even being the worst Star Wars film.
Dana Carvey was much better in the sequel playing one of the Joe Bidens.
If this video was done 2-3 years later maybe joker 2 might be a contender
I think this movie has a sequel called " Skinnamarink"
Worst movie I’ve ever seen is Disaster Movie
don’t make batman and robin a drinking game i woke up in a coma bruh
AVGN The Movie
"Another Nice Mess" with Tom Smothers from 1972
I don't think experimental films should count. Only films meant for public consumption should be considered. There's a video on Netflix of a fireplace burning. That's it, just wood burning. It's for people to watch and relax. Is it a "bad" movie? No
We have a new one. Skinamarink.
Thankskilling 3
Triumph of the Will? Empire State? Some big budget anti-pc snoozefest? Some big budget politically correct snoozefest?
Wavelength is in "1001 movie you have to see before you die" and I have to admit I was kind of fascinated by it. I hated Warhols Vinyl way more and "Dog Star Man" was more pointless than Wavelength. I would recommend it, however.
How could THIS movie beat out Disaster Movie as the worst film ever made
Is it me, or does James accidentally make this avante guard movie sound interesting?
I'd say the AVGN movie.
Just goes to show you that even the worst film ever made could still hold value as long as people are talking about it.
Manos - the hands of Fate! Watching it without the MST3K commentary is pure torture.
Mortal Kombat Annihilation is the worst I’ve seen to date.
What about the 1980 film Raise the Titanic as one of the worst films ever made?
AVGN Movie
The worst video ever made is Uncle Rico throwing footballs on the prairie
Manos Hands of Fate  This isn't for debate. That's quite literally the most horrid thing put on film
Be real.  The worst film ever is secured by the government. Most likely pornographic in nature and highly illegal.
Joker 2, Mulan 2020 and The Emoji Movie are the worst theatrically released movies I can think of.
Child Bride is the worst thing I've ever watched. If you want to know how bad it is- the crew of MST3K wouldn't screen it for the show and at least a couple of them have also called it the worst movie they've ever seen.
Love, Actually is pretty interminable…not even worth an ironic hate Watch. Oddly I too saw, or perhaps I should say subjected to “Wavelength” in art school. But those were the days where performance art was also pretty aimless, inept and pretentious.
Dragon Ball evolution is my pick for the worst
I would be interested to hear what film you think is the worst mainstream movie. I haven’t seen Wavelength but Begotten was a difficult watch. I wouldn’t say that one was bad though.
This is the movie that Dr. Forrester and TV's Frank should have sent Joel/Mike and the robots on Mystery Science Theater 3000.
Gerry starring Matt Damon
Angry Movie Nerd
Clearly meant to be watched on lsd.  1967 was the height of its popularity.  No entertainment value to be had sober.
Headphone users are now d e a f
People confuse WORST film...with SILLIEST/MOST NON-SENSICAL/MOST DISAPPOINTING.
Cinemassacre, this was a great video to watch, I love your explanations and the movies you went through I was saying yep, yep, yep on. I hadn't heard of Wavelength but the things you said about it really made me think, and I wanted to say thank you for all the great content you put out, and have put out, over the years. You are truly a gift to our community. Now, all that being said, I wanted to posit a film that really bothered me as a bottom of the barrel contender and see what you think. Altered States (1980) was so WEIRD. There are some weird films I love but this one... All these years later I still can't go back to it.
I highly encourage you to watch "Letter To Brezhnev". It came out in 1985 and it's in my Top Five. Worst Films I've ever seen.
Has anyone ever seen The Empty Mirror? It's f'ing awful.
This question is too subjective to be taken seriously.
Wavelength seems like an analog horror nightmare
My guess: this is test footage to see if the camera, lighting, and sound were working.  Then someone (accidently?) released it as a joke, in mockery of modern art.
See, I don’t know if I could call this the worst, ‘cuz, it’s not like this was done on accident. The director wasn’t trying to make something different. And to be honest, I kinda respect the audacity.
all due respect james, but if youre gonna make a video about bad movies it would really make you appear humble if you talked about YOUR bad movie.
wavelength actually sounds pretty cool
Skinamarink is the new wavelength
Wavelength sounds like a government made film to test people during the MKULTRA experiments
THE AVGN MOVIE
Dracula Dead and Loving It
Only Lovers Left Alive or The Dead Don't Die.
Verotika is in the running
I guess u havent seen battlrfield earth
I’m going with Leonard Part 6.  Or Manos the Hands of Fate.  Either of those.
Golden Raspberry Awards!!!
Night of the Sharks. I went to a Ross (Dress for Less) to buy a wallet with my cinephile friend, and they would have random DVDs in thin cases, and we found that gem. It's hardly a movie, and has stock footage like an Ed Wood movie. RIP Treat Williams.
I always liked The Master of Disguise. It’s not meant to be taken seriously.
The Master of Disguise.
It’s Pat…. There
Maybe not the worst movie but some movies I turned off / couldn’t get through - Hancock, Transformers 2, 300: Rise of an Empire.
The AVGN movie!
Andy warhal empire I kinda like this It's just 8 hours of looking at the empire state building.
I find this video to be a cop out.
Manos , 0/10
Curse of the Cannibal Confederates by Troma
How has he described such a terrible experience and yet, I wish I was there with him
Worst movie iever saw was Sponge on the run it just felt off to me
Cats.  The answer’s Cats.
Why isn't the room up here?
The worst films are films that question if it counts as a film. Films with no structure or is clearly unfinished.
Is this some messed up MK Ultra experiment?
This is legitimately horrifying
Andy Warhol art movies. There’s one of a guy sleeping
"There was a wave of films..."  I see what you did there.
The Mario Brothers movie, there is also King of Fighters, Street Fighter, DOOM, the Ghostbusters (Femme version)...
I nominate the Jusad Project. It's completely unremarkable, it's a modern day(80s) retelling of the Jesus story, and the acting is terrible.
The three worst movies I have ever seen are Monster A Go Go, Freddy Got Finger and Xtro.  I can’t imagine that wavelength could be worse than of these three.  Maybe just as bad but not worse.
The answer is easy: Jeepers Creepers. Worst. Movie. Ever.
Can't disagree more. Love this movie and structural film in general.
wavelength rules. it's a wall of the least enjoyable and incredibly unpleasant mundane thing ever which is why it's so eerie and scary. it leaves such a bad negative impact onto you which is really impressive and interesting for a film it's sick. big fan of a lot of harsh noise music and this is like the movie equivalent to it
*The Room has entered the room* 😂
I don't know if this is the worst movie ever but eraser head it was definitely the most messed up movie I've ever seen
What is the worst movie ever? Mine is Roanoke.
For me, it was "Manos: The Hands of Fate". It was so bad that even "Mystery Science Theater 3000" couldn't save it..
that was made as a form of intense CIA torture.  Set it on infinite loop.
'The Last Jedi' for certain is the worst.
For me, 6 string samurai.
3:49 to 4:15 Skinamarink fans be like:  That's amazing!!
The desert bus of film
Demolition university is the worst film I've ever seen.
Plan 9 from Outer Space is an absolute masterpiece when compared to the movie After Last Season.
For a neurodivergent, this movie seems like a nightmarish experience.
DragonBall Evolution
"Rubber" was pretty bad. Its rare that i cant find anything i enjoy about a movie...
for me the Worst Movie Ever made is and was 2001 a space odyssey 😴😴😴😴😴
Dan Olsen is having a field day with this one
If we are going by entertainment value, Andy Warhall's Empire is by far the worst. It is truly devoid of any entertainment value
Madame Web.
for me the worst movie I've ever seen is Breathless (1960)
The purpose of this film is to make new friends while watching this film.  Not hard.  Be in the room with others.
I’d rather watch this than the Marvels or Rise of Skywalker tbh
The AVGN movie
Like if you are here from folding ideas.
I'm surprised the Mads missed out on this movie when they were torturing the SOL crew members with their bad movies.
The worst movie i've seen was open water from 2004
Re: the type of bad movies people usually talk about: I'll still give James a penny for his thoughts on the recent passing of Roger Corman.    And for what it's worth, my pick is Beast of the Yucca Flats. The legend I've been told is that they made this "nuclear bombs testing monster" movie that probably would have been okay, but then someone lost our destroyed the sound track for it, forcing them to hastily record narration for the full length of the movie, losing all sounds and dialogue
I actually just watched a movie this morning called Wavelength, but it was from 1983 with Robert Carradine and Keenan Wynn, and it wasnt bad.
The worst movie ever was Mary Antoinette with Kirsten Dunst.
Yoko Ono the Movie. 🤦
It's interesting to watch this video as someone who genuinely loved this movie. I went in knowing very little besides the basic concept and its reputation as a classic of avant-garde cinema. I ended up finding it weirdly hypnotic and really enjoyed the experience overall. I wonder if its reputation as film school torture may have affected the way many film students see it. If you go in with this buildup of older students hyping it up as the most agonising class of the year, I can't imagine that you'd really be open to it. I went in with  no idea of what to expect but I wanted to enjoy it. I allowed myself to be drawn in and it worked incredibly well for me.  I'm not saying anyone has to like this, though. I have nothing against James for hating this movie and I completely accept that most people would hate it - for valid reasons. In fact, I agree with the conclusion that this genre offers up the worst movies ever. (I just don't think this is one of them.)
Wavelength 2 thumbs ☝
It’s Empire (1965) (I love it though but it is literally just somebody filming a building)
megamind 2
Jeanne Dielman, 23 quai du Commerce, 1080 Bruxelles
Was looking through the Wikipedia for the 29th Golden Raspberry Awards to see if "Bangkok Dangerous" won any awards. Apparently, me and my buddy were the only ones dumb enough to actually watch that movie though.  2008 might have been one of the worst years for film, at least in modern history.
Battlefield Earth (2000)
I think I'm the only person on the internet who likes "Wavelength." I don't love it or recommend everyone should see it. I just seem to be the only person who understands it. Unlike most movies where directors use techniques like zoom-ins to tell the story, the zoom-in in "Wavelength" IS the story.
Battle of the planet of the apes ... Has to be my pick.. I watched it about a year ago and if I have another planet of the apes marathon I am skipping it
"Things" (1989), has to be the worst canadian horror movie.
Worse movie I've seen would have to be Mac and Me and that was during Mystery Movie Theatre.
Mrs Palfrey at the Claremont. Hand down
Imagine your teacher who had to watch that movie every semester.
Maniac (1934) Dwain Esper. It is very emtertaining although disjointed.
2:03  Troll 2 (1990)
lol I never thought a film could top Manos the hands of fate, but this might be it.
I’d put terminator 3 up there
Michael Snow is a pretentious hack but there are better experimental films out there like Dog Star Man.
Waterworld is the worst movie ever.  Fight me.
I was enthusiastic going in to Skinamarink as I am a fan of David Lynch and was fine with weird prolonged shots of nothing happening.  But I was really disappointed.  If you don't read the Wikipedia description of the story it just ends up being a whole lot of nothing.
There no accounting for taste... Phantom menace is the worst to some, just as wavelength was the great to someone else.  Trying to police someones taste is a loosing battle.
I’m sorry but anyone who says any Star Wars movie, especially the sequels, is the worst movie just straight up haven’t seen any movies
I'm sure the joe castro "TERROT TOONS" franchise y is up there!!
I’m surprised that they didn’t use this in Saw lol
Actually seriously I'm not even joking I really would sit through this just to experience the psychological effect and it actually does make you think a lot and question just what can be accomplished with filmmaking
I have to say honestly this sounds like an amazing piece of art. Truly the plumbers Don't Wear ties of avant-garde filmmaking😂
AVGN the movie was one of the worst I’ve seen
Joshua and the promised land
Neil Breen.
I think that the worst movie ever made was created by a fertilizer salesman from Texas in the 1960s. Manos: Hands of Fate is notorious for being the worst movie ever made by an independent filmmaker outside of mainstream Hollywood.
The Shining
Nothing but trouble total suckage with stars !!!
Jeez. Just explaining the concept of the movie and having it in the background felt like it went forever.
One more.  Roger Ebert called this his choice for worst movie ever made.  Futz (1969).  fundamentally a group of people in a field prancing about going "a-goo-la, a-goo-la" and other mouth noises along with characters doing confusing speeches.  A main character falls in love with a pig.  consider Godspell combined with Artaud's whacked out interpretations.  Directed by Tom O'Horgan, director of the filmed version of Rhinoceros 1974..
One list of 100 worst had "Half Past Dead".  I liked it, and Nia Peeples was HOT!!
"Plan 9 ....." was great!!    Worst which I can think of ......  "Attack of the Mushroom People" (I think it was called),  "Caveman" (1984), "Hurricane" (I think it was called, I'll have to check.  I and others with me walked out.  Ok I guess that wasnt the name.  I tried to look it up, just came up with "The Hurricane" about boxer Rubin Carter.  The film Im thinking of was probably late 1970's, '80-'82), "Rapa Nui",
Theme is vision and vision - sound relationship.
57% on rotten tomatoes
Wave length shows you who you are . If you have bad emotions this will show you .
Broceliande (2002), still to this day the worst movie I've seen ! From beginning to end and in every aspect (acting, story & dialogs, entertaining factor, photography,...etc) ; it is totally bland, stiff like a piece of wood, and below everything !  In comparison, The Room (2003) is The Shawshank Redemption (1994), and Wavelenght (1967) is The Piano (1993) !
I'm a big admirer of Wavelength but found this video fantastic, because of disliking it he can talk about how affected he was without any pretension.
So Wavelength is about perspective. I guess it would have seemed deep in the 60s, but isn't every film about perspective in some way? Intentionally or not, kind of pointless. Maybe it was a lesson on how not to do experimental films, to avoid being pretentious. At least I would hope so.
Barbarian. Barbarian is the worst film ever.
Supercell is bad
I've watched tons of crap and my pick at the moment is the beast of the yucca flats. Completely useless movie
Sounds like a pretty powerful movie to elicit such strong and long lasting emotions.😏
Worst movie I ever saw was Jaws 3 or the newest mortal kombat. Jaws 4 is terrible too but I’m baffled that it’s considered worst the the third one.
the worst movie ive ever seen is "where the dead go to die" shouldn't even exist and solely made to be edgy.
Anything with Tom Cruise
no its the paint drying movie
The avgn movie
I wonder if future film professors will make their students watch Skinamarink.
Yea, I can agree that really bad films don't have any form of legitimate entertainment value.
Worst movie ever is Monty python and the holy grail not yo mention really badly made superman films
“You Are What You Eat” with Tiny Tim. If anyone of you disagrees  with me, there’s likely something seriously wrong with you.‼️
What about Armageddon
Its Winnie the pooh blood and honey
The mist
Tank girl
Maybe she killed him then ordered a pizza
Freddy got fingered is a masterpiece
I enjoyed how the composition changed as you zoom in!
Downsizing is my definitive
Monster hunter world is the worst movie i've ever seen
I saw this recently and hated this with all of being. I wanted to leave the theater, but I powered through.
I'd rather watch this movie any day than Blair Witch Project or the requels of movies again. Just pure dogshit
Bicentennial Man. I have never seen a worse film.
Freddy got Fingered was a masterpiece.  " Backwards man , the backwards man "
Idiot review ever
I can say without any hesitation the worst movie I ever saw was Mac and me
This seems like the most hellish film version of "eating the frog" ever seen by humans.
Empire by Andy Warhol must be the worst!
Snow said the room is an illusion
I'm guessing he won't like skinamirank
nerd have no right to name worst most movie ever
James is a "filmmaker."  The dude at Wendy's is a "culinary specialist."
"And it made me feel... like I... was going... INSANE." That's kinda how I feel when I watch the worst movies or play the worst video games.
“Santa Claus conquers the Martians”.
Reminds me of this film that just came out called Skinamarink
Last Jedi. Edward cullin as batman.
Far from bad
Nah Wavelength is a masterpiece
What about Empire?
House shark
Eraserhead
Speaking of bad movies we love where can I find the angry video game nerd movie?!? I know I didn't dream it up and I've seen it
I like Wavelength
Emoji movie anyone? 🤔
The titan on Netflix
Probably the best breakdown of Wavelength I've seen and "heard", however I wouldn't consider this a movie like the many movies you use as examples, it's an experimental film. Probably meant for an art gallery for people to pass by, not a movie theatre.
R.I.P Michael Snow, director of Wavelength
I think it’s sharktapus
But I loved it! That film IS my comfort zone! Oh, no!
Wavelength = Desert Bus
I don't consider Wavelength a movie. The worst movie ever is Ring of Darkness (2004).
Worst film.... Astro Zombies 1967!!!
You should check out Neil Breens movies
Avatar Last Airbender, Matrix 4 and Dragonball Evolution is the 3 worst for me
Gerrie, with Matt Damon and Casey Affleck, is the worst movie ever. You're welcome.
Wasn't there an 8 hour film of paint drying?
Whats the worst movie on a huge budget and the best movie on a tiny budget?
I’d say it’s Sumurai cop
The Canadian movie Things is the worst movie I've ever seen.
Michael Snow is a genius....
For me its Do The Right Thing.
The scene where the man drops dead in Wavelength serves a purpose.  It's to make whoever's watching the film say "I wish I was that guy!"
Ok but what about Worst non-Avant garde movie? 🤔 Friday the 13th part 5 pulled audiences in under false pretenses (there is no Jason) but it remains a guilty pleasure for me. It’s pretty bad too!
Ironic the worst movies sometime be the best movies to watch 😸
Liquid Sky. The film that got me over my liking weird stuff for the sake of liking weird stuff phase.
My vote is for 'Belly'. Horrible. Swearing in movies ok but, jeez that's all you hear start to finish
I would say 'avatar', absolute bulls@t dressed up as being a work or genius.  I'd rate 'dude, where's my car' higher.
When you said wave length I thought you were talking about Natalie woods last film
The Car ..... After running over the cast it should have ran over the writers the directors the producers and any theater managers that booked the film.....
I keep hearing about this... Morbius?
A Deadly Adoption was really bad..
i was thinking empire :p
The worst ever is The Dark Backward.
“Goodbye Uncle Tom” is the worst movie ever  made in Haiti with actual political prisoners being tortured
Watched a movie where a woman dressed for the club, was running in place while eating a bone in ham. Yep.
My worst was Lone Ranger. It was every kind of repulsive
"Wild in the Streets" was my worst movie or "The Landlord".
James: Its kinda hard to tell which is the worst movie. Neil Breen: Hold my beer.
As an MST3K fan I've seen my fair share of bad movies so I would say Manos The  Hands of Fate
mine is 'hot rods to hell'-i worked at a drive in and had to watch it 2 times every evening for 2 weeks. bad because it had  the possibility f being a decent movie, but failed so badly.
0:38 — When a friend of mine was teaching a film history course, I watched some of the assigned films with her. I legitimately enjoyed Plan 9 From Outer Space while I found The Jazz Singer and the 1933 King Kong to be overall quite unpleasant experiences.
i got a worst movie, but it's so bad i don't want people googling it and watching it
Birdemic
Wonder how it ends?...FIN! 🤣
Things (1989) is 2nd then.
Worst movie…any bay movie Best movie death wish 3
For me the movie, Speed, is the worst film I've ever seen.
Freddie Got Fingered is surrealist genius.
Alice starting Mia Farrow
Movie 43
I don't think this movie counts as a movie. More like an experiment.
Manos: The Hands of Fate has always been the worse I've ever seen. Ive NEVER seen Wavelength, and never will!
Hobo with a Shotgun is by far the worst and most disgusting film I've ever seen.
What was your teacher's explanation for why they showed you guys this?
And I thought the average French or German art film was bad... 😂😂😂😂
You guys are doing it wrong. You’re supposed to watch Wavelength while high on psychedelics.
Manos the hand of fate was so bad it was funny I believe that movie has a cult following 🤔
I never thought Passenger 57 would have a rival for worst film ever, but Wavelength managed to pull it off.
The worst movie ever made was The NeverEnding story
In my opinion, what this film intended is the absolute deprivation and subjugation that the audience feels, and a sense of shame that they chose it themselves.  In fact, the intention of the film's composition is unintentional. The camera allows only forward movement, eliminating the ventilation of pulling back or looking around. As a result, the audience has no choice but to follow the camera unvoluntarily. In this way, the film denies the audience's self-directed interpretation or appreciation, making them only look at the objects that the camera allows. And as the camera gets closer to the subject, the space felt by the audience becomes smaller and smaller. However, as the noise that was initially spread like the background grows bigger and bigger and takes on a threatening form, the dissonance felt by sight and hearing forces us to choose whether to leave the movie theater or completely resign to see it in order to finally overcome it. And the final waving scene finally declares the complete submission of the audience to the film. No one comes out of the cinema without feeling a sense of liberation or fulfillment. Even going out of the movie theater would not have felt refreshing.
Worst movie? Day after tomorrow.
Halloween Ends Justice League
Suicide Squad.
Interesting, I never heard of that experimental film, and now I don’t need to ever watch it. It’s actually difficult to define how one selects what they consider the worst film ever. For me it’s probably “Gods and Generals” (2003) but that’s because I am so interested in the Civil War, and also because it felt like a very high budget but badly executed made for TV movie.
Food fight was awful.I saw one on laser disc that was yucky. Body melt.
Heavens gate, Ishtar. King David, and my dinner with Andre.
I saw Manos the Hands of Fate when you talk about worse movie and feared I was about to disagree as I love Manos hands of Fate
"modern art"
The absolute worst movies I’ve ever seen are:  1. When a Stranger Calls 2. Darkness
the worst is the wiz by far
The Happening was my pick for the worst film I have ever seen.
I don’t think you could call that a movie.
Lifeforce (1985) Somehow it's got a 6.1 on IMDB but that is complete nonsense. It was hilariously bad which is maybe why it has so my upvotes.
Battlefield Earth.
I have two candidates: Jumper and 10,000 B.C.
I think you should watch Liquid Sky lol i have no words to describe it .
Freddy got fingered is a comedy classic and anyone who says otherwise is mean
What about Empire? The Andy Warhol one.
Ishtar
Master of Disguise gets my vote.
Worst movie ever is, "Final Destination" honestly.
Any Sandra Bullock movie.
Cobra w Stallone is amazingly bad, so bad it is awesome.
Neil Breen's five films are so lame but amazingly awesome.
I would have recommended "Lost In Translation".
The worst rent able film that I have ever seen is Splatter University. The worst Prime movie was Kung Fu Wizard of Jesus vs. Undead Robot Zombie Werewolves.
Napolian Dynamite.
If John Cage was a filmmaker.
Ishtar
"Manos" hands of fate
Plan 9 from outer space is absolutely hilarious. I love that movie.
guy walks into frame and lays down on the floor..... I didn't see anyone drop dead
Housekeeping.  Only movie I ever walked out of.  Horrible.
Andy Warhol's Empire State Building is worse. Its 8 hours.
Jack n Jill is pretty awful.
Interstellar is the worst movie ever.
The worst movie I ever saw is either Less Than Zero, or Dead Poets Society.
Last Action Hero probably, given how much you expected after Total Recall and Terminator 2.
This review sounds like you're reviewing the Rings of Power
Yay for the visual shout out to Manos: Hands of Fate! I would say it's the worst, but it's just too stupefying to not be enjoyable!
The worst movie ever is a difficult question to answer. The most disappointing movie is easier for me... "Ghostbusters" (1984). The hype leading up to that movie was enormous. I watched it and it wasn't good. A comedy that isn't funny is not a comedy... It's a tragedy. I did not laugh once. I have rewatched it, just to see if my initial reaction was jaded. Nope. Still devoid of laughs.
The right answer is Beaches (1988).
Joe Vs the Volcano always comes to mind
If the LGBTQ community won't run it at midnight for lols it's truly bad.
Moment To Moment : the worst movie ever !!! Went with a couple friends ( we were 17 ) . Left the movie theater and NEVER spoke about the movie , again . So bad , you don't want to waste your breathe , putting it down . 😂 Also , Solaris ( George Clooney remake ) was horrible . 😑
I don’t enjoy most experimental films but i love that they exist.   However i do love Brakhage’s films
ZOOLANDER 2
The Batman was the worst movie I've ever watched. Horrible experience.
Any thing by Uwe Bolle.
Memoria is the worst movie I have ever seen. Just my opinion.
Apparently, this movie took a week to film.
Mannequin 2
In music, most of us know about Revolution 9. Check out Lou Reed's album Metal Machine Music. It's just terrible noise through the whole thing.
the worst movie i ever saw and actually went back and got a refund on  was ghosts cant do it 1989 with anthony qunn
“The Incredible Melting Man” to me is far and away the worst movie I ever suffered through, followed by “Cabaret” 😁
Just ran across this. Yep, watched the whole thing in a theater in film class. It's like being in a sensory deprivation chamber. Your mind wants more input so it goes places while you watch it.
This still sounds more fun than Twilight.
Zoolander 2. The only movie i ever walked out of.
a film with Shaq:)
Manos Hands of Fate
Things from the last drive in with Joe Bob Briggs hosted I’d say is the worst horror movie I’ve ever seen
Attack of The Killer Tomatoes? ;)
For me it's easy: Chuck & Buck
Wavelength is a future cult classic.
I believe the worst movie ever is Andy Warhol's movie "Empire". The movie is just a slow motion shot of the Empire State Building for 8hrs 5mins.
Have u watched Paint Drying? 10 hours of watching paint drying on  A wall
I really can't list just one because I've seen my fair share of really bad movies.
A Quiet Place was the worst film I've ever seen. No enjoyment whatsoever from it. I'd rather watch Morbius.
2001 A Space Odyssey; Villa Rides (1968); Star Trek 1, Star Trek 5
Worst movie ever, two idiots in Hollywood, oh my goodness, wth were they thinking.
Batman vs Superman?
No hesitation. Worst movie I ever saw in a theater was *MR. WRONG.*   It starred Ellen Degeneres.... playing a woman. Before Mr Wrong, *BARBARELLA*  topped my "Worst Movie Ever" list.  It's the one where Jane Fonda gets hosed.
I was waiting for birdemic to come up! For real that movie is unbelievable
Wonder what he thinks about the movie “A Talking Cat?!?”
Sausage party
Haven't seen any mention of Tusk. Worst I've ever seen
Even after watching this I would still watch Wavelength before I would watch Jaws 4 again!
trapped in the closet is a strong contender for worst movie
Independence Day.  And I saw it 2x !!! in the theater because of different groups of friends. Dull movie
“Don’t tell mom the babysitter is dead” The only movie I ever walked out on
I would say "the Last Movie" w/ Denis Hopper and Peter Fonda is at the top of my list for worst movies.  When I was in the Navy, I showed this film multiple times on the mess deck and on the CCTV.  I was so bad we would show the reels out of order or drop the second reel and now one seem to notice or care.  I showed this movie at least a dozen  times and I can't tell you the plot.
Worst movie ever is Pet Cemetery I used to be truck driver and I walked out when the kid died that's every truck driver's nightmare I walked out even before the scene I saw where they were going enough said
Worst movie of all time? E.T.
"Plenty" with Merril Streep and Sting might be the worst film ever.  For foreign films, I would nominate "Numero Deux" by  French director Jean-Luc Godard. Also, "Jaws 3-D" and "National Lampoon Summer Vacation".
Kramer vs Kramer, Love Story, Lord of the Rings.
Blame it on Rio
Great show, here's my one Derick Jarman's BLUE 100% the emperor's New clothes . PEACE and LOVE to everyone.
Ishtar.
im pretty sure the worst movie ever is something like disaster movie
Monsturd has this bad movie beat by a mile.
Bram Strokers Dracula. It goes on for an eternity. I slept for hours and it was still going when I woke up.
Jack and Jill🤮🤮or the room😂😂
The Phantom Menace isn't even a bad movie. You can only even attempt to say it's bad if you're comparing it to other Star Wars movies. And today people would probably say The Last Jedi was much worse.
Did anyone else notice the clip from Manos: The Hands of Fate. I thought maybe that was where he was going.
Still better than "The Room".
Highlander 2
Worst film ever? "Battlefield Earth", the John Travolta/Forrest Whitaker mess-terpiece and  Scientology-financed adaptation of a L. Ron Hubbard novel.
Cabin Boy
Humanoids from the  Deep
Wild Wild West was the worst movie EVER.  The one with Will Smith.
Sgt Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band
I would make the argument that Tarzan the Ape Man with Bo Derek is a very strong contender for worst movie ever made. That movie had nothing to redeem it.
it's called CATS!
I throw out the no money movies. So my choice is Night of the Lepus
They Saved Hitler's Brain HAS to be in contention!
the cars that ate paris just for the ending. what was the point of the whole story?
Man, do you realize how much you are talking, without saying anything..?!
Blade Trinity. I need to wash my index finger after using it to type out the name of that abomination.
Bros but didn’t watch it
it's Waiting for Godot, but in a film without dialogue
Undoubtedly an unforgettable experience as the creator of this movie certainly wanted it to be.
Many feel it's "The Creeping Terror" (1964).  The soundtrack with the player's words, for example, was lost, and later substituted.
Master of Disguise 100%
Worst  film ever: Coca-Local  Kid. A Czechoslovakian western, and no, I am not sure of the spelling. Worst pretentious overblown art film: 1900.
you can't compare  a low budget pic with a budget lower tnan the swimsuits in an esther williams musical to a giant budget thing like exorcist 2.
What was the cause of death? Boredom.
The Conqueror, hands down, for me. John  Wayne as Genghis Khan? Nope. No way.
You can now replace Wavelength with this video you've made.
Highlander 2 easily
For a movie with a pretty big budget then the worst is Battlefield Earth...With endless options for renewal AHH HA HA HA HA HAAAAAAAA!
An example of a movie I hate is "Funny Games", where there is no retribution against the villains.  I'd much rather watch a wall for two hours.
GYMKATA
Martin Sheen's ,no bugles no drums ,no horns😂
Nothing could be worse than The Human Centipede, along with Salo, and A Serbian Film.
Worst movie  blair witch project makes Plan nine from outer space look like an oscar contender
Ishtar - stars, budget, but no entertainment value.
I'm a huge Rocky Horror Picture Show fan, but the sequel, Shock Treatment, is the worst movie I have ever seen. I couldn't even make it through.
Worst movies I’ve ever seen are Versus and Supernova. Both from 2000.
wickerman was the worst
I have not seen this. What if you speed up the movie?
Batman Forever was so amazing movie, such a classic.
I honestly think that some avant garde art is made specifically to torture the audience.  And I like avant garde!
This is such a subjective and impossible subject. The worst movie ever is TickleWiggle where they show a rug on a driveway for ten hours and a dog comes up and poops on it at one point then at the end Sean Bean acting as Richard Sharpe walks up and sings the alphabet. Ok I made that up but you understand what I mean.
you actually have made wavelenght sound fascinating, its like you love to hate it
Never heard of this movie before and read the Wikipedia article on it. It is hilarious, some people out there seem to genuinely think this flick is meaningful and important. Unreal.  As for other bad movies, i nominate Manos , Horror house on highway 5 and pretty much any amateur horror film.
Ghostrider 2
Worst Movie Ever?  That's easy....ANY FILM that has Pauly Shore in the credits.
When they said Wavelength, I thought of the 1983 film which was bad but not worst film.  This 1967 Wavelength is more like someone testing their camera equipment.  I mean I've seen Ring movies that were more amusing.
If you're truly seeking out the worst of the worst, seek and find FROZEN FLESH. That is all.
The worst I’ve ever seen is Waterworld. It was awful.
Butter cream gang
I think having philosophical discussions about Wavelength is the principle of its creation as an arthouse style film. I'd love to see it now but only if I could control the volume.
Films are supposed to be for fun I love massacre type and horror and I am 66
I believe "Wavelength" in reality was created by the CIA as a torture/interrogation method before it snuck out into public viewing.
...i am nearly 75 and over the years only 1 movie gives me a total feeling of revulsion: "man from earth"...
Most all modern woke movies are the worst ever...
My personal answer would be "Sextette" (1977) - where the low point is the duet between a make-up-less Alice Cooper and an 84-year-old Mae West (yes, THAT Mae West), with their rendition of the Captain &Tennille's "Love Will Keep Us Together", with Alice accompanying on a Lucite grand piano.
OK< but you said it yourself - this is an "art" film. Manos was supposed to be a marketable movie with standard movie trappings that flopped because it was awful. Therefore, MANOS is the "WORST MOVIE EVER MADE".
"Batman"(1989) is a agonizing chore to watch, from one scene to the next.
For decades "Plan 9 from Outer Space" (1959) often collected the 'worst ever' accolades, and since it hasn't gotten any better, I'll still go with that one.
seen 100s of movies in theaters, only one I ever walked out of was Bill Cosby's Leonard Part 6. unbelievably bad and not entertaining bad.
Too abstract.......cant relate...Warhol films better choice
For me, its between Plan 9 from Outer Space,  or Journey to the 7th Planet!
Andy Warhol's 'Empire'.
Didn't skip a frame and proud of it.
This take "you'd rather stare at a wall" to a whole new level.
Woody Allen's "Stardust Memories."
The Forgotten.  Other movies run in a "The Forgotten" scale.
Halloween: Season of the Witch
Pikers. Last Year in Marinbad for the win.
Manos the Hands of Fate was so bad that when MST3K spoofed it, both "bad guys" apologized to Joel for making him and the robots watch it.
You mean worst batman. No movie is worst then 'the room'
Maniac, back in the day. I walked out.
Caddy shack 2, What's eating Gilbert grape, Napoleon dynamite
Robotic Officer Tactical Operations Research or R.O.T.O.R.
Mars Attacks.
For me.... Driller Killer. Horrific acting, premise, dialogue and the worst..... sound!
Such a troll for showing us clips from Manos: The Hands of Fate, and then naming a different film.
Sounds like Wavelength did exactly what it was supposed to do. Seems like a terrible pick. Seems like it's not supposed to be entertainment. Seems like no subscribe.
The Happening.
Steven Segal always delivers....bad movies.
The most recent Batman film is three hours I will never get back
Star Wars - I saw it when it was released and it was AWFUL
Freddy got Fingered was disgusting and bad too.
Worst movie ever The Howling 2.
Iron Eagle. Hands down, bar none. It is still to date the only movie I walked out on.
For me it was a movie called Sublime. No clue what it was about but it was bad
Still has to be better than Human Centipede 3...
All of us who watched MST3K laugh at your meager list of ‘bad movies’ … we’ve seen far worse than you can EVER imagine. My pick for worst movie ever? .. ‘Monster a go-go’.
There are categories of bad films. To me, the worst kind of film is one that takes itself way too seriously despite being comically unrealistic. Battlefield Earth is definitely on that list.
Any Rob Zombie movie
"Empire" by Andy Warhol.
Little Nicky is on my list.
50 shades of grey
Wilderness Family Part 2
Whoopi Goldbergs "Telephone"
GIJOE was horrible
The Exorcist II is arguably better than The Exorcist, and certainly better than The Exorcist III.
R O L L E R B L A D E  S E V E N
Worst movie I ever saw:  Without a Clue, starring Michael Cane and Ben Kingsley.  I walked out.
I just love listening to James sharing his opinions about Movies. This is by far my favourite part of Cinemassacre nowadays.
Plan 9 From Outer Space....tops every list.....this was Bela Lugosi's last film....dire...to say the least
Things.
The worst movie ever has to be 'Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker'! Bringing back the Emperor is the worst decision in film history!
Worst movie ever Ghostbusters 2016
The worst movie ever is Oversexed Rugsuckers From Mars. Without a doubt.
Jaws 4
"Monster-A-Go-Go" is unbearable. It contains no joy.
I astrive to be a film critic one day and tbh I find bad movies either “sucky but  I can find small things to like” or “simply so bad that it’s so much fun to pick on and watch”
'Begin Again' and 'X' are competing for worst movie.  It's neck and neck.
Attack of the killer tomato 🍅 is the worst
I would have thought it would be, " The incredibly strange creatures who stopped living and became mixed up zombies"!
Easier  to say  which aren't
Jaws The Revenge. A pissy shark arrives at Amity to punish the Brodys for killing her progeny. Attempting to make this serious makes it pathetic!
I'm not sure you can classify that as a movie.
“Brain Donors”, oddly enough starting the great John Turturro, is the only film I left the theater in the middle of.
Things
As a projectionist, the worst film I ever saw was - Wild At Heart. The ceiling of a ballroom, matches lit in slow motion, a hand c,utching a sheet, and references to The Wizard Of Oz... trendy David Lynch stuff, lacking only a plot.
Art with a capital F.
The English Patient.
Most recently from what I’ve seen has to be Wounds with Armie Hammer
Terrorvision Oh... I thought this was a vote.
Happy to note that groundbreaking experimental filmmaker Michael Snow (b. 1928) is still with us as of late October 2022.
The worst films are the woke ones. They ruin already established characters and stories with their lies and brooming. When the christians were censoring, they at least, made their own material like Bible Man or Veggie Tales. They didn't make Batman a poor Christian that chucks bibles at penguins. That would probably be a better film than anything "woke".
Some David Lynch movies that I just feel uncomfortable any I feel like maybe intellectually I just didn't get it but I never want to see it again
Laserblast was pretty bad.
Never ceases to amaze me how all these 'worst movie ever' contenders are like total normal movies with a few bad elements Pretty sure "Zombie '90 - Extreme Pestilence" is available on youtube if you want to see what a truly bad movie looks like
Apparently he's never seen "Terror at Bloodfart Lake"
Why does Freddy Got Fingered even exist?  It's the best example of how-not-to-make-a-film.
Regarding "Wave Length " didn't Andy Warhol do this sort of thing ?
The worst films will always be experiment/concept films made by film school graduates.
WOAH WOAH WOAH Freddy Got Fingered is a MASTERPIECE!
Armageddon and Independence Day are pretty high on my list.
for me it was League of Extraordinary Gentlemen lol
"After Last Season" is Wavelength-level boredom, but has a plot of sorts.
Santa Claus conquers the martians.  Beyond horrible.   Took me four nights to make it through.
Movie 43?
The Stuntman .  Urgh !!!
How about manos hand of fate or anything with Joe estevez?
Music (2021)  Borderline unwatchable and lacks much artistic merit
Hmm worst movie has to be either Blair Witch Project or Cloverfield, both had horrible cinematography and the type of movie that gives me a headache.
What a moronic answer, this is not a movie.
Well, terrible films such as " Oliver " won the Best Picture Award!
The Blair Witch Project.
I vote for Rubber as worst film. It is about a serial killer tire. You read that right. A Tire that scurries the countryside killing people.
"The Room", the end. 1 second flat!
The latest MUNSTERS remake..... BY FAR.. and from what I see on here-- I have A HUGE number of folks that AGREE with me.
Birdemic is the worst movie ever made
you think this is worse than a neil breen film?
It sounds like Wavelength is a practical joke played on film students.
The AVGN Movie is extremely bad
The Barbarians is the only movie I have ever walked out of at the theatre.
The Godfather 3 is the worst movie ever made.
The Village?
For me the worst movie ever is "Lair of the white worm" starring Catherine Oxenberg . . Just an awful movie.
You're still talking about it, though.
Thinking more mainstream - Eraserhead or Diamonds are Forever.  Worst.
Blair Witch Project is at least an honerable mention.
Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band
For me the worst Film ever is The Happening
worst movie ever is last man down on Netflix
Eraserhead 🤮
What's the worst movie ever? That's easy. " Citizen Kane".
A 1985 film by Mark Romanek called "Static". Or a 1986 Ann Guedes/Eduardo Guedes film called "Rocinante".  Few come close... None surpass.  The award is shared by these two.
The last two Halloween movies!
I was expecting it to be 'The Room', not 'a room'.
Joss Whedon’s justice league
Recently watched an Adrien Brody film called Detachment... I would consider it one of the worst.
WORST MOVIE FOR THIS YEAR ..IS HALLOWEEN ENDS
monster
1) Baby Driver  2) see # 1
"Wavelenght" is the cinematic equivalent of "Revolution 9"
The worst for me is ISHTAR
Things ,infamous Canadian horror film made in 1989 ,a film so painfully slow ,that you are crying for something to happen…
Popeye should always be brought up regardless if it gets chosen as the worst or not.
PLAN 9 FROM OUTER SPACE🤣😂🤣😂🤣!!!!!!!!
"Maximum Overdrive" or "Ladybugs". Take your pick.
I4m thinking how hard it must be to watch this once. Now I think about your professor who must have watched it dozens of times
Last Jedi. Not even a contest.
Any of the last three Star War movies.
wavelength is not a movie
Speed 2, Lethal Weapon 4, The Legend of The Lone Ranger, Men At Work, Flash, Dune, The Man With One Red Shoe, Sliver, Ishtar, Police Academy #2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7...
The making of Saw
She Devil with Rosanne Barr and Meryl Streep
AVGN Movie
The True History of the Kelly Gang
There's always Warhol's 1965 epic 'Empire' -- 8 hours of the Empire State Building in a static shot. Maybe this was the inspiration for 'Wavelength'.
Wasn't the apex of psychedelic drug use in 1967? Might explain Wavelength, kinda...
I watched 'Birdemic', but it was with 'Rifftrax' making fun of it, so it was great.
Ballistic: Ecks vs Sever.
Geez, and I thought Rollergator was the worst “so bad it’s bad” film out there, even if it invokes similar feelings to Wavelength it actually has something happening constantly.
Dolph Lundgren's 'Masters of the Universe'.
Anything with Pauly shore
Why do people even think there is ONE movie that everyone (or even Official Film Fans) agrees is the Worst Ever?
If the intent of Wavelength is to make you uncomfortable I would say it was pretty successful.   The worst film I have ever seen is Nothing But Trouble.
I don't need to watch your video. The answer is simple...  Pink Flamingos, that's the worst movie ever.
I'd rather watch Wavelength than listen to Joy Behar interview Kamala Harris.
Silent night deadly night 2 is a candid date
Wavelength is a great comedy
"The Fan" (1996, Robert Deniro) I have to like the main character in order to like a movie. Some protagonists are a 'mixed bag.' Not here. This movie BEGS you to hate the main character. He has NO redeeming qualities. NONE.
Did you see krull? ..yea, you don't need to see krull
Inland Empire
The Puma man gets my vote
_Wavelength_ seems like the _Metal Machine Music_ of cinema. Maybe they should be mixed together, similar to Dark Side/Oz.
Got to be Glitter (2001) just awful. Not even sure how I ended up seeing it but sticks in my mind as a terrible film.
You just hadn’t seen “Halloween Ends” yet
Samurai cop?
I Love Me Some Master Of Disguise
Wavelength is so bad Stanley Kubrick couldn’t find meaning in it.  Come to think of it, is THIS where Kubrick got the idea of the slow zoom into the picture at the end of The Shining?
united passions is unquestionably the worst movie ever made. At least other propaganda movies have historical value. There ain’t none of that there.
Skyline (2010). Literally burst out laughing it was so dumb. Then at the very end, right when it got interesting the movie ends.
I'd go with Fun in Balloon Land as worst ever. Its mega creepy in a none entertaining way with an absolutely APPALLING title song.
Two words -     The Mist.
Fast 9....worst movie hands down
Zardoz?
If it were up to me, then the silent film, _London After Midnight_ would be up there. Talk about an overrated film that made absolutely no sense.  Was it a detective film, a horror film , a suspense film, or a vampire film? Too many flashbacks and a convoluted plot that wasted the talents of Lon Chaney.
Even this movie can connect to Kevin Bacon in less than 6 steps
The New Munsters was pretty bad. It didn't have any redeeming qualities.
JAWS 4 or RZ Halloween 2
Paint Drying.
the AVGN movie.
Worst movie ever?  Ishtar!
Love Actually
2013's Hammer Of The Gods is the worst movie I've seen. Do yourself a favor and skip this heap of trash
If he thinks this is bad this guy should watch Jacques Rivettes's Out 1
It looks and sounds like a jumpscare video
_Gravity_
Alien vs Predator: Requiem is my worst
Surel/y “after last season” is a strong candidate for worst?
jack goes boating
Anyone that considers that a movie... Seriously???
Y’all are so dumb lol
Still better than "Blue"
Halloween Ends
Eraserhead
Put Halloween Ends on the list. Most disappointing movie I’ve ever seen.
Gymkata is the worst movie I have ever seen.
I don't know, man. Nothing that brings up such strong feelings can be that bad. You didn't feel nothing, you felt genuinely disturbed by the whole ordeal.
the last jedi
The day the clown cried.
I dare you to watch Andy Warhol's 8 hour long masterpiece "Empire."
I'd maybe say "Birdemic". But I'd still rather watch that than anything made by Derek Jarman.
If desert bus was a movie this would be it
This makes me think of Andy Warhol's "Empire."
Moulin Rouge
Showgirls gets my vote.
Easy. Zoolander 2.
Megalodon or Blair witch project
Anything with Michael Shannon in it.
That's crazy, Man. I watched Wavelength in film school as well and I never met anyone else who even heard of it! I loved it! I like that "going insane" feeling that it gives you, lol. It inspired me as I mainly make avant garde films. But I also love straight forward movies too! And I love cinemassacre and all that you do, and the fact that movies can inspire such strong emotions in people both ways!
Nothing tops Road House.
I kinda like wavelength, it’s interesting how you’re so excited over pretty much nothing and then forget it happens a few min later
The New Bro's Moive..........That should never have been made in this or any other lifetime!!!! Disgusting !!!
Every one of the bad movies you used as an example, I like
Son of the Pink Panther
way worse than Plain 9
Clearly you’ve never seen Verotika
no it's manos. because it was intended to be entertaining.
False: the worst movie is "Lost In Translation".
Probably some homemade movie or a art movie from a student. Plan 9 was not it, it was actually charming in its simplicity
Rocky V!
You know the director of Wavelength said: "You bring our own meaning." 😅
THE JACKHAMMER MASSACRE
does the vo seem to not quite match the video?
I enjoyed watching Wavelength. I also enjoyed Exorcist 2, so there ya go.
Well it can't be Plan 9 from Outer Space because that's way too much fun!
Conan the Barbarian
I mean … have you seen Paradox Alice or Flexing With Monty?
It is debatable, if wavelength even counts as a "Film" or "Movie", because it lacks everything what defines a Movie in a historical, classic, craftmanship aspect.
Wonder Woman 1984 would be my pick. It was so bad it made me angry.
Wavelength sounds infinitely better than After Last Season.  When I'm on my deathbed the only regret I'll have is that not only did I watch it, but I made my friends watch it with me.
In recent history. It has to be US.
Easy, Terminator: Dark Fate.
KLUTE
its called battlefield earth The only movie i wanted to walk out on.
Cats the Movie is up there.
Movie43
The Mr freeze drinking game is ok. NOW, the dangerous drinking game is watching anime and taking a shot when someone says "baka". That one nearly killed me.
Worst movie? Pink flamingos.
I unironically love Freddy got fingered
Avgn needs to redo this, there’s no way this should even be classified as a film, looks like a student art project from a talentless student
I have to watch Wavelength now
Anyone mention Caddyshack 2?
My no.1 worst movie was MEET THE HOLLOWHEADS
Boredom... boredom is the cause of death.
I still miss rental reviews!
I would say Jack & Jill for the reasons explains a by RedLetterMedia.
Cremaster 3
Worst movie ever: Batman Returns
Some of the "classic" sci fi movies are pretty bad though.
Saturday the 14th
Any movie with Sandra Bullock is the worst movie.
Clearly you have never seen "Mooch Goes to Hollywood"...
Flyin' Ryan
Worst movie ever is a tie between La La land and Lincoln.
I say it's Manos Hands of Fate, bc at least Wavelength achieves what it sets out to do, even though what it sets out to do is awful
I've never seen anything that comes close to touching Birdemic.
And you didn't even provide a link to that ~masterpiece~  😁
I have a new contender:  “Scare Package” (currently on Shudder).  Basically just a collection of badly produced horror “scenes” with no plot or purpose to tie them together.  I’d much rather watch “Wavelength”.  At least that film provokes a discussion.
"This is so bad I love it" is older than film as it was the entire subplot of A Midsummer Night's Dream. The play within the play is objectively bad but the audience and the audience within the play are very entertained. I find myself wishing you had answered the question at the end of the video though. And obviously it's subjective but I'm curious to know what your answer would be to "What is the worst movie with a wide theatrical release?"
Wavelength was actually praised for its experimental nature.
You could watch this 10 times during 1 play of Desert Bus
To me it's still a toss-up between "Beast of Yucca Flats" and "Troll 2." When you see incompetence in filmmaking to that degree...
A Serbian Film...worst movie ever!
amazing bulk
Have you seen “The Stupids”?
The worst I have ever seen is Corky Romano.
Bambi vs Godzilla is bad but Rock and Roll wrestling women vs the Aztec Mummy is close to the worst.
My worst movie would be after last season
The AVGN movie has gotta rank up there
Titanic is the worst movie ever just ahead of woman king.
Way too broad a topic
The problem with James answering this question is he has the worst taste in movies ever.
I'm pretty sure the worst thing you could ever see, and it's kind-of a movie, would be a Desert Bus stream......
Well, his own movie ranks pretty high.
Ghostbusters 2016 hands down no contest
A Beautiful Mind is the only movie I've ever walked out of. It's pretty devoid of any entertainment value.
Wavelength still sounds better than Tilda Swinton's "Memoria"
Exorcist 2 gives you a lot of bang for your buck.
25th Hour is my pick for the worst.
Check out Alienator from 1989 with Jan-Michael Vincent.
Some crazy foos have earned wavelengh a 5.4/10 review on imdb.
worst movie i saw at a theater :  Mr Nobody
That movie about the room, is about what some people go through with psychological issues. Issues of not wanting to leave home, issues of hallucinations of all types of what’s not there. It is actually a real amusing but thrilling concept of what some people can go through in their own head.
Definitely have to say dragon ball evolution
Excuse me, Freddy Got Fingered is a masterpiece.
Cat woman
Battlefield Earth!!!! Worst movie ever!!!!
Monster A-Go-Go is probably my own personal pick for worst movie. Even some of the really bad ones (Manos, The Room, Zardoz, The Apple,etc.) often have something that's entertaining, funny, or interesting. Monster A-Go-Go is just awful.
Easy...The AVGN movie.
CATS, 2019
Ricky one
Seriously? You're still gonna say the Star Wars prequels are the worst when Disney's Star Wars movies exist?
People who like meaningless avant-garde art are imbeciles. Modern art has lost purpose and beauty.
Cannibal! The Musical by Matt Stone & Trey Parker
Any Segal movie
birdemic
The Last Jedi
Movie 43 is the worst movie ever.. This is a fact not opinion.
Adam Sandlers Going Overboard is the worst movie I’ve actually seen.
I can think of one that came to my mind immediately
Hope we get a 4K restoration of Wavelength...   .    .      .        .          .             .                 .                   .                      .                          .                          .
Can you go over plan 9 from outer space? It’s so bad you’ll think it’s hilarious
Maybe the picture is one of the dead person's best memories and we're supposed to believe they've gone there in their afterlife? Maybe the film is the dying person's out of body experience moving toward paradise? The last moments of discomfort before peace... Hmm....
personally I think Scorpion King 2 is very bad. But as hard as it is choosing the best movie, it's as hard choosing the worst.
Speaking of movie lacking entertainment. I define bad movies by the heavy feeling they leave me with after watching them, and I have to admit, many movies made nowadays does the trick somehow..
Bluey.
Eraserhead was one I couldn’t do
It’s pat, I still consider that the worst movie I’ve seen
The Emperor has no cinematic talent.
Little known fact.   directed by LJN
Wavelength is still better than the AVGN movie.
House of the dead .. that is all
Nacho Libre was awful!
The new mummy movie with Tom cruise
Steven Segal. Any of the last 75% of them.
AVGN Movie pretty high up on my list for worst
What about Nukie???
AVGN The Movie
anything by david decoteau
I dare any of you people to watch "Treasure of the 4 crowns"
I won't lie, you made me really want to see this film lol
MMMMMMMMMmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmeeeeeeeeeeeemmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeemmmmmmmmmmmmmmmeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeemmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
What about recent Steven Seagal movies?
"The Amazing Bulk" is by far the most worst movie I have ever seen.
I love Freddy got fingered
Alien 3000.
Sorry James, but I’m gunna have to put the AVGN movie as the worst ever.  That was hot trash.
Can always count on James to come completely out of left field with some amazing contribution to the conversation.  Amazing choice for worst movie ever.
I watched "We're all going to the World's Fair" recently and that wasn't as bad as your wavelength, but it is pretty bad. One of those movies you have to fill in the gaps of meaning because you're not given much to work with.
It's a paradox really. The worst movie ever can't really be the worst move ever.
One movie I never see in these lists of worst movie ever (even though it deserves) is Very Bad Things (1998). It tries to be funny while excessive violence is all around. It's just tastelessness and gruesomeness for the sake of shock and out of nowhere a "gag" happens.
Wavelength is a movie for artists.
I think I would rather watch any of these over the last jedi
Some people claimed BRAINDEAD to be the worst movie. But it's genius
Can't find it on IMDb
Girl Interrupted is the worsf movie ive ever seen Pinisher war zone is worst movie #2
The film is so bad, even I’m skipping the review.
Lucas-film proved The Phantom Menace isn't the worst film already, they made the sequel trilogy.
Mine is Jupiter Ascending. Literally only movie I walked out from theater.
Justice League 2017 Captain Marvel 2018
The one where everyone worshipped dog backwards...
Cut to the chase already: Female Ghostbusters
wavelength is a fascinating film, but the people getting mad at james probably have only seen it for "art dork" points and have no interest in experimental films as something in itself
Thank you for sharing this with us.
Desert Bus the Movie
the 2022 Pinocchio Disney Live Action movie was the worst movie i’ve ever seen
and art is subjective also, so i guess there can't be an answer for everyone, it would have to be different for each person.
i've made lists of movies i like and have seen, i don't know if i can remember the ones i don't like .
I actually liked wavelength. Especially that part with the window
Cord with darryl hannah
Maze, about a guy with Tourette's, Rob Morrow and Laura Linney. I hate it. Keeps showing Tourette's from the POV of the protagonist and the shake the camera.
Wavelength sounds like a film when I went to film school and other film students would be very snooty and defend the “art” of it, and act like I’m not enlightened enough because I didn’t find it entertaining, but that’s “the point of it.” Is it so wrong to watch movies expecting to be entertained? Great video, James.
Battlefield earth, IMO, I scratched the dvd and threw it out. That movie was trash.
The Cable Guy is the worst movie I've ever seen.
The AVGN movie? Lol.  Just kidding.  I haven't watched it
8:37 the origin of an angry nerd
Sounds like a prequel to the Happening.
Reminds me of BvS.
Youa tearing me apaaht Lisa!
Manos: Hands of Fate
Those shots of Wavelength did make me feel an effectively creepy feel, but I'm in an emotional mood
All the Will Farrell movies should take the top 5..
I’m offended that he included Freddy Got Fingered. That movie is awesome
What is the worst movie with an age rating?
Worst movie ever was Cloverfield
Ehhh, this is a bit of a cop out.  Of course the worst movie you've ever seen is some awful student film an extremely small % of the population has watched.  You shoulda had a second category of worst mainstream movie you've ever seen so more people could relate.
For me it was Terminator Dark Fate
The Predator 2018.
Worst movie I have ever seen is "Dinosaur Hotel" hands down.
I vote for She-Hulk episode 2. If I'd watch that again then I am sure I'd end up in coma.
How dare you.  "Wavelength" is a cinematic masterpiece.
I’d still rather be tortured this way than watch the Matrix Resurrections again.
The Fanatic (2019) is the worst movie ever.
Makes you wonder what happens when you put the wave length on sand lol
Freddy got fingered was a great movie. Freaking hilarious
If nothing else, it gave you a youtube video!
Andy Warhol's Empire is the worst because it lacks entertainment value.
I could have sworn he was going to say to boldly flee
You're right James, there are worse movies than The Phantom Menace... Like The Last Jedi.
I love these types of videos from you so much
I’m surprised it wasn’t TMNT 3.
And I thought it would be "Attack of the Killer Tomatoes".
Heres what I consider a “Worst” movie!  1. A movie with absolute no entertainment value  2. A movie that makes me grossed out beyond believe  3. A movie that can literally drain me of any happiness and excitement  The worst movie, in my opinion, is actually a movie trilogy, and that trilogy is the HumanCentipede trilogy. A trilogy with no entertainment value, grosses me out beyond believe, and drains me of any happiness. Im glad to say that I will never watch these “movies” ever again.
A24 Presents Wavelength
Very nice 👍
It still seems more interesting than battlefield earth...
Bro we’re talking about a full length feature film that was released on a big screen or home entertainment device..you said it at the end
Dark star..
how do you react if back to the Future got a razi
Blood Junkies, or Trash Humpers
Freddy Got Fingered is a masterpiece
You haven’t seen “zombies zombies zombies” yet. Sooooooo bad
Nope, the Jem movie is still worse.
Manos The Hands Of Fate, Blackenstein, the Two sequels to King's Sometimes they Come back, the two sequels to Starship Troopers, Are the top six worst films IMO
Everybody has thier own opinions and you can't really say what the "worst" movie is. Alot of Warhol films are really awful.
Troll 2 was so crazy when growing up I thought it was a weird dream that I had and then years later I found out it was a real movie and it blew my mind.
The domain deluise movie fatso. Worst movie I ever saw. Horrible.
"I see no benefit to watching this", this is how I felt after I watched 2001 A Space Odyssey.
I'm expect james mention about ninja turtles 3 but that movie also 'too much entertaining' i guess lol
I hope "undefeatable" is here because it's the worst movie ever.
Hands down it’s Sssssss from 1973
I dunno...the AVGN movie is pretty awful.
Worst film I’ve ever seen is Battlefield Earth
Dragonball Evolution
I think Ishtar is the worst movie I’ve ever seen. It’s excruciating
AVGN THE MOVIE
Prometheus. Hand down Prometheus.
I've heard rumors that the body was a real person that was killed and walked in frame and died.
It's Pat,..even turtle dreams has an artistry behind it,.. even though that artist may have been dropped on their head.
I watched this and become an angry nerd!
The Last Jedi. Bar none.
Freddy got fingered was absolutely phenomenal!   "I don’t see your LeBaron. Where’s your LeBaron, Freddy? I only see one. Are there…are there two LeBarons?"
Thats not even a film. If i film my wall at home, is that a film?
Ever seen "I Married a Vampire"? Probably one of the worst movies I've ever seen. It's...boring.
Let's be honest. The worst movie probably looks like it was made by a preschooler. It's probably so bad that few people have actually seen it.  The worst movie ever made will never see the light of day, in other words.
The Swarm with Michael Caine.
Copper Mountain starring Jim Carrey. That's all that needs to be said.
hi im director of Wavelenght and i want to say i love you James !
Mine would be Terror Toons. Rented it from Hollywood video at 13...Haunted me ever since. Joe Castro...Why you do dis.
The Super Mario Bros Movie.
Is this worse than the Rocky parody you reviewed? Lol
did you ever have to watch derek jarman's "blue?"
This experimental movie is bad as watching a North Korea propaganda video
AVGN the movie is the worst movie.
The worst movie ever maid in the history of movies in this reality its: BOA whit Dean Cain my friends. sorry thats all.
Look into the Mexican cinema if you dare...
How much money did "Wavelength" make?
My cat was sitting on my lap. And that high pitched noise made her absolutely freak out.
Yay, he mentioned "Freddy got Fingered". Love that one.
Seems Gapar Noe got his inspirations here for Lux Eterna
Fantasia.... END of discussion!
Neil Breen’s Fateful Findings. That is the worst.
Wavelength screams vanity project
id say that the 8 hour shot of the empire state building is the worst,because at least in wavelength it was less then an hour.
Big Monday has to be near the top of the list.
Things
Abraxas is my favorite, only movie Jesse Ventura is top billing
Jesus. And here I thought having to sit through "Birth of a Nation" in film class was bad...
Freddy got fingered iz AMAZING!
I think the only reason this movie can be used, is to torture someone mentally. The death in this film is symbolic and ironic to show that.
These categories are choices that are strictly opinionated and subjective
The Room 2004.
I feel fantastic. Hey hey hey
the Wooden Spoon award
Still....waiting....for.........wavelength.........2..............
You should breakdown more films, this was great.
Suburban Sasquatch
Stay Alive is probably the worst movie I personally have ever sat through. It's not even bad its funny, it's just bad.
No. No. No. The worst movie ever made is actually a Steven King movie. "The Mangler". it's about a sheet pressing machine that's killing people. Absolute sheit
I liked Wavelength. Sorry.
I have a list with all the movies I've seen at the cinemas and have kept track of them since 1992. So far I've seen over 700 movies. After I've watched a movie, I rate it between 1-5 where 5 is the highest score and 1 is the lowest. However, I have listed one movie with a Zero, becuase it was so fn horrible - It is The Eighth Day (1996). I dare to find anyone a worse film... and believe me, it was horrific
Thor: Love and Thunder.
A reverse meditation 😂
The worst movie i've ever seen is "The Predator" (2018). You liked it, which is when i stopped taking you seriously when it comes to movies.
Loved that tease with Manos, Hands of Fate.
I did not hit her, I did noOot...Oh hi Mark!
The fact that your worst movie is an experimental movie, make me think that you understand very little about the seventh art, stick with games pal. You described your feeling while watching the movie, and maybe that was the intent of it, it called art and you might like it or not. I wonder what would have happened to you if you watch Empire by Warhol. One thing is sure, you will not be able to understand it.
Robot Ninja is the worst!
Wavelength must be worse than Ninja Turtles 3
The worst movie ever is "Eraserhead". Truly an assterpiece!
The Room was horrible but it made me laugh extremely hard
Envy. I don't remember a single thing that happened in that movie, and I almost walked out half-way through.
The newest jurassic park was pretty bad
I'm listening to this with headphones oh cabinet hi piercing sound it sounds great
Halloween 3
What you’ve described sounds like a pleasure trove compared to Evan Almighty.
Worst movies ever: 1-Birdemic Shock and Terror  2-Birdemic 2  3-Hand of Manos 4-Ghostbusters (2016)
Maximum Overdrive. It's gotta be Maximum Overdrive.
The Majestic with Jim Carrey
Maybe the purpose of the film is to make you appreciate just about anything else.
lol, the worst  movies have here in Mex,,
I don't think Freddy Got Fingered counts because it's an intentionally ridiculous movie.
there was a movie called Jurassic galaxy dinosaurs in space was outrageously bad
Worst movie I ever saw: Thé amazing Bulk
I agree with James... I went and saw wave length for, myself... If you told me that this was something that they use in guantanamo bay to, Torture victims, I would believe you.... Wholeheartedly.
wavelength is like if you hacked a camera from the backrooms.
I think The Thin Red Line ranks among the top three worst films I’ve ever seen. Of course I rank it twice.
The worse movie I've seen would have to be Disaster Movie
What about "Gigli"? I think it's called That that Jennifer Lopez, Ben Affleck movie. I've never actually seen it but watched a review and thought it looked extremely bad
"Wavelength," with a title like that, I bet the beeping is a microwave beeping.
Worst I ever saw was Napoleon Dynamite.
Ghostbusters 2016
What about Ricky 1?
The absolute WORST movie I have ever seen was "Stand On It" directed by and starring John Schneider... it's just awful.
Yes for a movie that you hate so much you should putting a lot of discussion into it lol
Honestly, I don’t think you can call experimental films in Terms of worst movies ever made.
I think the movie Mafia! Is by far the worst movie I've sat through.
Hand of Manos for sure!
I LOVE Freddie Got Fingered...daddy would like some sausage, daddy would you like some sausages! LOL...whoohoo...lol.
the last jedi and rise of skywalker
didn't Andy Warhol make an 8 hour film that one shot of the empire state building?
The AVGN movie ranks pretty high on that list. lol
What about that 8 hour film that is actually just a still camera shot of the empire state building from the 60s
F this movie and any professor who assigns this torture to his or her students.
neil breen.
The worst thing I've ever seen was this horror avantgarde movie called Begotten (1990). I'ts just distressing and uncomfortable to watch.
Charlies Angeles 2 🤢
That was torture.
Last Days by Gus Van Sant is my worst movie
Beethoven's 2nd is actually the worst film ever
agreed on your last point, and not just because i actually LIKE the Prequels. honestly, people who say "{insert popular bad movie bash target here) is the worst movie ever!" have never actually SEEN a bad movie.
Wavelength's Wikipedia page states it was well received. Not just that, the page is full of quotes from people who see things in this movie that never happen on screen, yet are praising it as some kind of masterpiece. How can you praise a piece of media for that which never happened, and worse, was never even alluded to within said piece of media? It's not like an open-ended film which allows discussion and debate about what happened after the film ends. This film is just a shot a of a wall!
I would assume it would be Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles 3
RoboCop 2014
Funny enough, for how bad it is, this Wavelength movie could be a cure for a bad attention span. Forcefully show this to a kid who has only ever watched TikTok. Comparing this to a normal movie is like comparing a treat to medicine.
Gallowwalkers. It was only amusing because I could share my hatred of the fartform with my housemates who also persisted through it.
Sick video idea, more video analysis please
Dragon war..
Rise of skywalker
Savage water is pretty up there.
I love wavelength :((((
that's a room on google earth lol
most worst movies now are jurassic park and BS like that
Yes james give us the worst “theatrical release” film
Uwe boll
Unfriended might have been the worst one I’ve seen
Manos hands of fate was horrible, nothing made any sense,  wavelength at least does what it intended to make you crazy, and mess with your head with sense deprivation and then sense over stimulation with the sound,and then the uncomfortable feeling afterwards
A movie that attacks its viewers is great from a perspective... Outside of the theater. Otherwise, nah, it's just bad.
Abandoning expectations of what film/music/art should be is essential in opening up to experimental and avant-grade art.
Can Cosmic Sin get a modern "honorable" mention?
So....has anyone mentioned the fact that the Film Foundation is doing a formal restoration of Wavelength?
That wavelength movie gave me a terrible migraines
I made the mistake years ago of watching a horror movie named "frogs" , you have been warned, 0% entertainment, I think wavelength had more of a story
The worst movie I’ve ever seen was Date Movie
Ricky 1
I love hearing you talk about stuff like this. Content like this is gold tbh.
I want to watch wavelength now
Empire by Andy Warhol. Literally just a shot of the Empire State Building that lasts over 8 hours.
Better than any of these current Mary Sue sequels
Sausage party is the worst film ever created
Birdemic Shock and Terror.
A cctv the movie?
Maybe the 'wavelenght' name is relative to the beeping sound frequency/amplitude, or the lighting of the shot? 🤔
Ok, I think the worst films are superbabies: baby geniuses 2, disaster movie, Dingo pictures Aladdin, and Santa Clause and the Ice Cream Bunny.
Manos was awesome in its awfulness. MST3K made it at least bearable. Warhol's Empire State Building was basically the same thing, except the dead guy.
Reminds me when I introduced my friends to Merzbow
The last Jedi is the worst.
I think the worst movie in the world is, never too Young to die.
ill defend waterworld and double dragon till the day i die!!!!!
I like to think of films on a scale of 1-10, where 10 is akin to The Godfather while 1 is akin to The Room.  But if 10 is a virtually flawless masterpiece while 1 is so bad it’s amazing, then it follows that 5 is actually the worst rating a film can receive.  So what’s the worst film ever made?  Probably one you’ve never heard of.  Probably one where even the director barely remembers working on it (literally no one was involved for reasons other than needing the money).  Probably one that would have fallen into the ultra-rare or lost category by now, except that no one is looking for it.  Probably a Lifetime Original.
That moment when James makes you want to see wavelength....
Worse movie ever? Yours.
The Worst Movie Ever Made in History Would Be Empire made by Andy warhol 😂
for me it's Midsommar, without any doubt.
Honestly the worst major studio budget movie is battlefield Eartb. It’s REALLY hard to sit through through the whole thing.
That reminds me of that one anime were you stare at an anime girl sleeping for over half hour.
Ok
I liked Battlefield Earth: A saga of the year 3000
Dickie roberts former child star was so bad it made me angry people got payed for it
"Manos".
Films like this disintegrate the whole concept of art.
Ricky 1
Its so sad. Its so sad that a video about the worst movies gets more views than a video about the best movies. It really shows what many people are about.  I love James and this is a great video. Just crazy how people are so drawn to negativity
My cat literally ran away in fear when that irritating sound played!
I think the worst film ever made was Avatar: the last airbender, no words can describe the sheer amount of problems it had…and if you havent seen it…be grateful
Ghostbusters  2016!!!!!
Manos: The Hands of Fate
The langoliers
to even suggest one might think The Phantom Menace is the worst film ever made in the age of Disney Star Wars is a crime against humanity.
I love batman and Robin it's dumb funny like anchorman qnd Freddie got fingered
Cabin boy ,being John macolovich,what lies beneath
AVGN: The Movie
Song Of The Vampire (2001).
House of the Dead , Mortal Kombat Annihilation, Both Steet Fighter Movies, All Tyler Perry movies and  DragonBall Evolution .
WTH is the reason to make such a terrible movie?
I say that films that lecture you and turn you into a strawman are the absolute worst - especially when said films are specifically trashing you and others similar to you for petty reasons. Modern filmmakers are *obsessed* with lecturing everyone these days.
Gerry. Starring Matt Damon and Casey Affleck. So angry at myself for waiting for something to happen. WORST. MOVIE. EVER.
“The feast 2” worst ever…
I PROMISE you, the worst movie made by Hollywood you could ever witness is titled Collateral Beauty. It has one of the best casts and one of the most abysmally horrendous plotlines ever put to film. I still have nightmares about it.
The Room was most definitely not bad on purpose. That's why it's so amazing. Because Tommy Wiseau legitimately thought he was making a masterpiece.
Avgn the movie was the worst embarrassant of a movie I had ever experienced
That film should be classified as a work of art. XD
Andy Warhol's film Empire is the worst. Just a still shot of the Empire State Building. 8 hours long.
Warlords 3000
You know someone’s not seen that many movies when Phantom Menace is the worst movie they’ve seen
Rise of Skywalker is up there I don't if it's the worst but it's up there
So going by this, a cinematic masterpiece version if this would be a shot of a beautiful landscape, with a smooth gradual zoom; also wildlife being active in the nature scenery.
The worst one in recent years has to be suicide squad.
The AVGN Movie
😮...What in Sam Hades did I just witness❗️❓️❗️ Upon my under, you sure ain't kidding, that ish was terrible...💯✔️
Wavelength seems pretty creepy. Liminal space combined with "tape that kills you" type stuff
I actually saw Wavelength in a theater with a live band playing the musical score. At the end, everyone was silent, so I yelled, "I don't get it!" Some people laughed, but most of them turned around and looked at me like I just insulted their mother.
Wavelength is like many modern "arts", it is just a piece of trash
female ghosbusters. then MYSTERY MEN
discount dana carvey
The Telephone starring Whoopi Goldberg is the worst movie I've ever seen.
sounds like the start of a decent nap i will hafta look that movie up
As soon as I read the title, I say *EMOJI MOVIE!*
It's a backroom 🤔
Rubber bar none !!
They say troll 2 but I think it's hilarious
Inland Empire...
Just watch one episode of Best of The Worst.
The Room. Hilariously absymal!
So there is the Room, but my wife and I were looking for The Room and found someone else's movie called the room. That would be my number one worst.
I don't know if I can call this a movie? I mean any retail store, or store has cameras with more action than this. I think this is more so a social experiment and the term "film" is a loose term. I mean anything you record is technically a film right? If we are defining definitions here and what a movie is, this isn't it. I would call this a  "video" not a  "movie". Anyhow, I'm sure the point of this video is to make you go a little crazy and curious, and a lot of other feelings.
Freddy Got Fingered isn't a bad movie in my opinion, it's exactly what it's supposed to be which is a dumb comedy film, and well it's dumb, and it's funny.  I love it
So wavelength is the worst movie ever cause it literally causes physical pain and makes you feel like you're going insane? Huh, well I guess that also makes sad satan the worst game ever
Why not mention Michael Snow?
The Room is easy the worst
Waterworld
Leonard Part 6 is a pretty bad movie.. Like, seriously bad.
I could only watch Boll's house of the dead in 10-15 minute intervals...
Boondock saints
shizney’s reylo shitology is among the worse
Champagne and bullets?  Haha
Worst movie ever? Easy.... V.I. Warshawski!
Sounds like a decent action flick!
Four weddings and a funeral
Troll 2 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Freddie Got Fingered is a cult classic...or should be😊
I know a really bad one! No entertainment at all... MOONFALL!
Freddy Got Fingered is a masterpiece, prove me wrong.
Wavelength was way more creepy and sinister for me
Someone most make  bad movie torture for pedophiles  To view for 12h everyday the worst films again and again  Trust me he will scream for deathrow
Why does imdb say that wavelenght has 7 cast members?
McGruber was the worst movie I ever saw
The film Blue. Interesting...
Replace the background with Biden clips/videos.
You found NO BENEFIT!? JAMES!! you learned that ANYTHING is BETTER than... THAT!!
The AVGN was subjected to "brainwashing". For example when one stares at a still image (the wall with windows) with vague changes of lighting IS a concept of brainwashing. I wonder if his professor told him that? 🤔 Wavelength is a brainwashing tool. Hence the name "Wavelength" and what do they manipulate using brainwashing? Your brain waves. Think about it.  Brainwave - Wavelength.... Really think about it. Just sayin. The movie Wavelength messes with your brainwaves. If done correctly. Definitely not something I would watch, even in school. I'd walk straight out of class.
I actually want to watch Wavelength now
Or Jeff Fahey 100 degrees below
Watch Bruce Willis Cosmic Sin!
Plot twist: Behind the wave picture, there's a picture of the writer flipping the audience off🤣
thats not a movie, its a lame video clip.
Still better than Rob Zombie's Halloween II.
Mario Brothers belongs on this list
It isn't out yet, but the worst movie ever is gonna be The Emoji Movie 2, that's for sure.
If it's about sheer length then how about "Logistics". 857 HOURS long, almost 36 days.
For me its Clockwork Orange. I despise that movie, it has zero redeeming qualities.
Somehow you made wavelength sound more entertaining than it actually is
Easy, exorcist 2
The phantom menace is an amazing movie
It’s called terror toons
So this is the film equivalent of Desert Bus
I’d say Dragonball Live action movie was trash 🗑
Wavelength,Brought to you by MK ULTRA
But would a film that could cause so many feelings in you and make for so much discussion truly be the worst worst movie? :P
So if you eliminate low budget and "B" movies and stick to mainstream stuff, Star Trek the Motion Picture certainly should be mentioned.  I am a big fan of Star Trek and I can't even watch it.
It should be Manos: Hands of Fate, which I learned on MST3K. It's bad.
The Flintstones with John Goodman.
Best/worst for me is Killer Clowns From Outer Space 🤡
listening to james talk is strangely relaxing
Donnie Darko dumbest fuccing movie ever
The Divide is hands down the worst movie ever. Though with the sounds in Wavelength I might actually die.
Disaster movie anyone?
I saw the wall film in class, and I remember dreaming awake about being in that room in the backrooms.
Akchually, if you blinked even once, you technically didnt watch the whole movie.
not a bad movie but was watching the secret garden from 1992. one of the producers is Fred Fuchs
Ax 'em is the worst movie. Freddy got Fingered is a masterpiece though
"Arnulf Rainer" is an equally brutal experience to sit through. You just unlocked a memory bank filled with all of these experimental films.
Gotta be the room as it was unintentionally bad
4:15 you think that's bad? There's a film called empire where it's nothing but a shot of the empire state buildi- wait, didn't you reference this movie in desert bus?
This is unironically one of the most interesting discussions on film I've seen on the site.
I have just "watched" the Sonic movie and boy, that was a drudge! That has got to be the closet thing to a bad movie I have ever seen. And, yes, I know I am going to get ridiculed, but the original Ghostbusters was a really terrible movie, also.
You’re tearing me apart, Lisa!
My film theory teacher said the worst film in his opinion was The Room.
What is the worst feature film that was actually released in theaters?
Great video
There's nothing wrong with master of disguise
For me it is 'the happening' from m night shamalan.
Starkweather is particularly bad
"The Purge"  That much worse because  the premise was so promising.
In every category possible I'm going to say "not without my daughter"
Hellions. The worst movie ever is Hellions.
The village is the worse movie I've ever see
Gonna do some acid and watch wavelength,  wish me luck
This is the single greatest movie ever
Ricky 1
Cause of death officer, boredom.
It's called s headphone warning dude.
Well now I’ve gotta watch wavelength
I hear you, but the worst film still is _The Cave_ Hands down
Jack and Jill
Why not Empire, by Andy Warhol?
Birdemic and Birdemic 2. Enough said.
Blackenstein is atrocious
the most "so bad it's bad" movie I've ever seen is After Last Season. You will laugh once at the beginning when you realize every set is made of paper and cardboard. For the next 1 and a half hours it is scientifically impossible to be entertained
worst movie I’ve ever seen was dragonball evolution
Left Behind starring Nicolas Cage is the worst movie I’ve seen and probably will ever see
it's obviously a video of the backroom :>
It can not be called the worst movie as it evoked a huge reaction out of you. It maybe gunning for the most disturbing movie award.
Woooowowowowow  Freddy got fingered is seriously one of the greatest comedies. And ive seen it all too. And i was born in 1984.
worst film ever: white noise, it's literally 2 and a half hours of a guy staring at static on his TV.
Watch cargo from 2018 and it is not the Netflix one it’s awful just a guy in a cargo container for like 2 hours
For me, it's either Human Centipede 2 or Antichrist
Things, Things is the worst movie.
Elvira mistress of the dark line up
Freddy got fingered was hilarious
The worst movie I've ever seen is Gymkata. Just all around terrible.
2001 or The Conversation
The entire star wars sequel trilogy
Adam Sandler's Jack & Jill?
I'm pretty sure I'll get in trouble for the metephor from this story, though unintentional. My parents took me and my friend to the movies one afternoon after promising her ultra conservative parents it wouldn't be R rated or anything. Ended up seeing some obscure movie that had boy george (I think, have to look it up) in it who apparently was going through a transexual transformation. Parents totally misunderstood the film description. Extremely uncomfortable experience for my dad and we ended up walking out of the film.
If we are talking about the worst film that was actually released as a film, my mind goes to Requiem for a Dream. This movie has zero entertainment value for me and in general makes me feel worse for watching it.
Saying the person on the phone called the police is debatable… maybe she was the assasin and called home to inform that she/him will be late… or maybe order a pizza🤷🏻‍♂️
Definitely not FoodFight!
House of the Dead might be the worst movie I've ever seen.
Freddy Got Fingered was genius.
"dancer in the dark"
The AVGN movie.
These kinds of vids are great. But man that film isn't even a movie lol
Mortal Kombat Annihilation, hands down
Have you seen “shortbus” that’s the worst !!
Plan 9 from Outer Space is far from the worst movie. My mom and I watched it and loved it. It was the last film we saw together before she passed away. So it means a lot to me.
Nice one James
Check out The Jar...or do yourself a favour and don't.  Or Turtle Dreams.
The worst movie I ever saw was "Solar Babies".
This movie is really more of a experience. I would give the worst movie I've seen Ghostbusters 2016; I couldnt see it in one go. Had to pause and pick it up again 4 times.. and that movie is supose to be light hearthed and entertaining....
Lost on translation.
"It's like some kind of reverse meditation" lol. Perfect way to say it.
it also depends on what a person means by 'worst'...if it's fun I can forgive it. I've seen cheap movies that are great and multi-million dollar films that were horrible..."after earth", anyone??
Torgo is the everyman's hero. Quentin Tarantino agrees! Queue theme song....
U did this b4
VelosoPastor!!!
Freddy got fingerd is legandairy
Anyone else totally creeped out by wavelength? like genuinely kinda uncomfortable feeling
Birdemic.
James are you going to be on the Joe Rogan experience?
Well if we're talking worst actual theatrical releases, I was pleasantly surprised to see rotten tomatoes agrees with my dark horse pick: Ballistic: Ecks vs. Sever.
whats worst, watching this film or playing Desert Bus for 45 minuts?
you forgot to eat the mushrooms! that is why it didn't work for u.
That's probably going to go to "going overboard" one of Adam Sandler's original films. Movie was legitimately one of the worst things I've ever seen.
Yours
It's Trailer Town. Nothing is worse than Trailer Town.
Wavelength is still better than Space Jam 2
morbius
You do the best film analysis. Hands down, it’s clear how well versed you are in the art form and how much you enjoy cinema. Keep it up, you were a huge inspiration to me and I appreciate it.
Talking of films as a way of torture, anyone watch the human centipede 3?
A movie that made me feel this way, Wonder woman 1984 I ended up watching a lava lamp instead because my wife's friend actually liked the movie so I kept going with it until it was over..
For me its the film Autumn.
👍
Wavelength 2 could have potential.
"What's the worst X" always gets me thinking. The worst worst movie/game/media.. Don't get talked about at all, do they? They fade into obscurity because they're terrible. It's kind of what James mentioned in this video. A lot of people would say Action 52, Drake of the 99 Dragons or something similar are the worst games, but there's a lot out there..
The disappointment factor enhanced the following that The Matrix got.  Everyone was looking for a surrogate movie to take the place of the unprecedented disappointment that was Episode 1, and The Matrix was the beneficiary.  I mean, it was no better or worse than its sequel, yet everyone absolutely dumped on The Matrix 2.  The honeymoon was over.
Ricky 1!!!!!
Frozen Flesh may very well match Wavelength. I wouldn't wish this upon my worst enemy unless they made me eat the flesh of a loved one.
The Godfather
I havent seen that film but it sounds like the stuff of nightmares, super unsettling
It sounds to me like wavelength achieved it's goals. I don't think it was meant to be entertaining it was meant to make you feel claustrophobic and uncomfortable or even angry.   It's not supposed to be enjoyable it's supposed to be felt and discussed.  I feel like a movie is bad when it fails to achieve it's own goals at least in an artistic sense.  That being said I think wavelength sounds like an awful experience and really hateable.
I actually like Freddy got fingered.
Honestly, for all its faults, "Wavelength" sounds like it at least has some place in the world, like allowing this entire video to exist. I've seen plenty of narrative feature-length films over the past two years that range from "chaotic mess" ("Racing Stripes") to "as nothing as you can get in a narrative film" ("Girl") to "astonishingly overrated" ("Last Night in Soho," a film I harbor so much contempt for that I nearly cried).
The Love guru
I've never even watched this film, and hate it already following that description.
4:02.   Jesus, this reminds me of that movie Empire, in which it’s literal video of slow zooming footage of the Empire State Building At Night!   Like, what is even the Point of these Movies?!
4:04 1967's version of the Backrooms.
My favorite security camera footage was  at McDonald's. The 60s had nothing on cams today
Thats not a movie its a security camera
A Japanese Story 2003
An AVGN autobiograpical film.
Attack of the Beast Creatures.. HANDS DOWN the worst movie I have ever seen. So bad that I watch it at least once a year.
This was so fun, I really enjoyed listening you to talk about a terrible movie. Thanks for the show.
Still better than Anchorman 2
Check out After Last Season. It’s so bad, there’s theories it was a money laundering scheme
for me, it's 2 films   The Wickerman with Nicholas Cage  and   Open Water   two hours of staring at the ocean.   terrible movie the worst I've ever seen
Dracula 3000
Wavelength isn't a terrible movie, it's just really, really different. You have to be pretty open-minded.
The new Matrix movie is by far the worst film ever.
Worst movie? What about your movie? 😏
Still better than Holmes and Watson
What about Andy Warhol's "Empire"? 8 hours of a single shot of the Empire State, no deaths, no zooming, not even a pun title
The Fountain is the worst movie ever made.
I still quote master of disguise to this day.
The Greatest Showman is the worst movie I’ve ever seen.
The Rise Of Skywalker was the worst by far
Ok this film should have a scp
I loved visiting Nilbog.  Troll 2 is one of my faves.
For me the new fast and the furious movie is one of the worst movies ever made. F9 is one of those movies that was so bad that it ended up being great.
S. Darko is the worst movie I’ve seen….but apparently it’s Oscar worthy compared to Wavelength
I feel like while experimental films that noone may care for can be bad it still isnt as bad as someone creating a film completely devoid of any passion for what they are creating. Those would be the worst type of movies in my opinion
I feel like you could do a video about your film school experiences of weird movies you liked and disliked and itd be pretty entertaining
Cool
Avatar.
Troll 2
My cat lost his mind on the high pitched beep lol
For our family worse movie is tied with Gigi or Gili for my parents. Lucy for me
Ricky 1
very nice
Plot twist: the room killed to guy
Star Wars The Last Jedi
Van Helsing
Idk why but the way you describe this movie it vaguely makes me wanna watch it:P
The more you spoke about Wavelength the more interesting it sounds 🤔
One of the worst movies I've ever seen, is "The Neighbor". Released in 2017.
Troll 2
Wavelength is the desert bus of movies
BTW....PM is the best of the prequels
I can't classify WL as a movie, and who does is probably clinically insane. That could be part of a secret government study using students as ginny pigs of mind control research.
The worst movie I saw was called: Blue Flame (1993)
Worst movie = Titanic
Baby Driver
The fact i didnt see serbian film in this suprises me. Or even seeing waterworld int he commwnts
Did James forget about the Vulture?
Ben and Arthur by a mile nothing is even close.
I've always found it funny how we've known you for so long to only talk about games you hate and movies you love, but very rarely the other way around.  I like how you seem to be kinda switching it around a little bit lately though
10:53 "No, you can do worse." is my new motivational phrase of the day. Thanks!
Manos: Hands of Fate…definitely THE WORST movie I’ve ever seen. Unwatchable…at least for me.
Manos hands of fate
DUDE WHERES MY CAR🤬👎
For all the films I jave watched the one I disliked the most , and I know I 'll get flack for this , was Rocky picture horror show , man what a hideous anoying film it was to watch.
The Phantom Menace was the worst movie I ever saw.
Zardoz is the worst film ever, bar none.
thats easy.  Starship Troopers.  Next question
For me it is the Bloodrayne 2 movie. ^^
Ghostbusters 2016
It's a toss up between Star Wars Ep. 8 and 9 or the Human Centipede. They are all sh*tty.
I get Deja Vu from this.
I wouldn't call that bad though... More like a psychological experiment. Some movies aren't meant to entertain, this i artsy to say the least, but some of my favorite movies just make the viewer feel bad or even traumatized.  If I would say a movie is bad I would probably choose a Hollywood-movie.
Its a pretty creepy/unnerving movie but i would say "Begotten" is definately the least entertaining movie out there. If anyone gets any enjoyment out of it you know that somethings wrong
"Mirror, father, mirror" was pretty bad.  😉
Wavelength sounds like some Canadians made an experimental film in 1970
I thought you'd say,  justice leage Snyder 's cut or Mario bros the live action movie...
I'd think I'd rather watch Wavelength on repeat than ever have to watch Jupiter Ascending again.
This movie review makes me glad I didn't go to film school.
Oh that's easy. AVGN: The movie...
John Cena's The Marine...
Lode the trap music
Manos hands of fate
The AVGN Movie
Ironically it is a game movie, but I would honestly say Silent Hill Revelation.
killer tomatoes from space was really bad
I would say The Room. Its so bad, but I do love it
It's hard to say what is the worst movie ever. Some terrible movies,sometimes makes you laugh
Monos hands of fate takes the win
“2025 the world enslaved by a virus” is the definitive worst film ever made
It was the 102nd best ever film in the critic's poll in Sight and Sound magazine.  lol
Caligula is the worst film I've ever seen. So bad I could not watch it
The Bridges of Madison County. There's your worst film ever.
Freddy got fingered is a masterpiece 🔥🔥🔥
Leprechaun 5: In The Hood, worst movie ever.
People who claim to like wavelength are just lying to themselves. It's like the people that claim to like "abstract art". All I see is splatter on a canvas. Sue me.
After Last Season
Mother, the nightingale, and the hateful eight, just my opinion
The worst movie I've seen is called Devil. Its about people stuck in an elevator possessed by the devil. I'd say thats the worst movie in recent history. 2007 is when it came out.
AVGN The Movie is one of the worst movies ever..... I know everyone is too afraid to say it.
Manos. It's Manos.
freddy got fingered is great
Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker
I'd have put forward Dial Help, Thankskilling, and In the Name of the King along with it's sequel. Those are terrible movies.
Caligula, Freddy Got Fingered or Master of Disguise.
Idk, wavelength seems like the worst film ever the way you described it
So it's the film equivalent of watching paint dry.
This is easy...THE HAPPENING
This video made me just realize AVGN is like the Mystery Science 3000 of video games. I wonder if that was an inspiration for James.
Ishtar
Titanic.  Definitely the worst.  That or Romeo and Juliet with Leonardo de Crapio.
Worst film ever is a Serbian film
... scary movie is the only movie I ever wanted to walk out of the theater on.  If I was not on a date I would have been long gone.
Have you seen "Begotten"?
I dare you...I DOUBLE DOG DARE YOU to watch treasure of the 4 crowns
A Neil Breen movie.  Those will do your head in
BRO THANKSKILLING!!!!!!
Thankskilling
Ghostbusters remake
All female ghostbusters
Ghostbusters 2016
Batman and Robin is a great movie
Kung pow or Freddy got fingered
I'm sure that movie is not pleasant to watch, but going just by this video, it does seem to be thought provoking.
Wavelength just seems terrifying 🙅🏾
Obviously it’s the all female ghostbusters remake
And here I thought he was going to say Ghostbusters Answer The Call is the worst film he seen ... Oh well 🤷‍♂️
The room
The answer, of course, is Shamalan's The Last Airbender. A butchery.
Pluto Nash is still the worst movie ever made.  If you're a die hard Eddie fan you can watch 50% of the movie.  Once they get to the secret moon base they run out of money. LOL! 👍👍👍
Your movie
Like always the media is the virus.!
Watch Exterminator city, that make you loose faith i humanity
The sound is clearly a symbolic representation of death that is contactly looming over you as you get older.
Maybe the loud noises were supposed to be sirens after the lady reported the death?
What movie was the hardest to finish? For me it was a 1997 Australian film "The Castle"
Ghostbusters 2016 or any of the Disney Star Wars movies. Unwatchable
The Blair Witch Project and Fight Club were the worst movies ever made.
Spice World,  hands down.
uwe boll
Worst film I ever saw was “Rubber”
The worst movie ever has to be devoid of entertainment? The worst movie in my opinion is “ honey I blew up the kid” straight awefulness from start to finish!
I think the worst film ever is Disaster Movie. It has 1% on rotten tomatoes, so it go pbbbthhh
What about worst film ever made that released world wide in cinemas ?
one morbillion movies
Nothing but Trouble....with John Candy, Chevy Chase, Dan Akroyd.  I've seen hundreds of movies since I was a little kid and never, ever walked out of a theater early. That was the one movie that I was the closest to walking out of (but I didn't have a ride home).  I could not wait for it to end.
I'm glad everyone agrees that Boondock Saints is the worst movie ever made. Thanks for agreeing with me
sounds like a CIA experiment
Where the movie empire
Leonard Part 6
if you want a bad movie check out : HK: Forbidden Super Hero
Worst film I have ever seen is either driller killer or max Payne (I turned it off after half an hour because it was confusing and made zero sense)
I was going to say The Amazing Bulk from 2012, but it's so bad you can't help but laugh. This....Wave Length is a whole other level. Thank you for your videos.
yes, you can do far worse...look at Episodes 7 8 and 9
The happening
Worst movie I ever saw was Tommy the pinball wizard
James's simple taste in movies makes for really entertaining reactions from him to experimental film. He's describing how "bad" this movie is, and meanwhile I'm over here absolutely rivited by his descriptions.
The Item was worst movie I've ever seen
3000 Miles to Graceland - So many great actors, so much potential, but ultimately it was shockingly terrible and disappointing.  The only movie I've ever seriously considered walking out on.  I was bitter that I wasted my money on the ticket.
My pal got a Vietnam film called ' Charlie Mopic ' I can't even find anything on YouTube about it. It was so bad .
Wavelength, the Crazy Bus version of a movie!
I thought the new Ghostbusters would make the list, but no one really wants to watch it lol
Captain Marvel.
Valhalla Rising,   Mission to Mars is a close second
Wave Length sounds like the film equivalent of Desert Bus. Worst movie pick for me is Ax’em 1992.
This guy has made me laugh, educated me, kept me entertained, interested and so much more for years. I dread the day that the AVGN makes his final upload bc it'll be the end of an era.
For me, the worst movie I've ever seen was Ghostmates. I was so angry after watching that movie that I hate-cleaned my kitchen.
The worst movie I ever seen was Mortal Kombat (2021) for sure! And I don’t think I’ll live to see the day to watch something that’s worse!
I wouldn't call a 45 minute video a film tho since TV shows run up to an hour anyways
worst movie would be a old vhs tape with 8 hours of et gameplay
I looked this movie up out of curiosity… it’s on some lists of best movies ever… this is hilarious. “Art” or whatever is so pretentious
That's not a movie, not even a film. It's just footage.
"The batman", easily
I wonder why it's called Wavelenght? Doas the name have any meaning?
The worst movie ever os the amazing bolk
I despise Fight Club and to me is the worst movie I ever watched. It is all subjective.
Burred
you haven't seen Ghostbusters 2016, for me thats worst.
We need the angry movie nerd
I think in order for a movie to be the worst ever made, it would have to be so bad, that the viewer kills themself lol
I dont know, master of disguise is pretty stupifying.
Skinheads is prob worst film i saw
Wavelength is a video that is made for tripping on acid
He should hook up with red letter media guys.
My least favorite movie ever is “My Dinner with Andre”
The most recent Mortal Kombat movie might be the worst movie ever
I've been to movies so bad, I gave up and walked out of the theater. These were Problem Child 2, Volcano, and Silent Hill Revelations. The worst movie I've ever watched to completion was The Rise of Skywalker.
I'm gonna say the worst film I ever saw was Salo
😱
Phantom Menace isn't even the worst Star Wars film. That honor goes to Last Jedi. It's even worse than the Christmas special.
He's only saying this because he missed Ghostbusters 2016! At least Wavelength gave you something to think and talk about.
Worst movie I've ever seen is Atlantic Rim. I wouldn't even give it 1 out of 10.
A man who did't get to the Haven. Yep, thats an avanguard
wavelegth is a test of  lens filters and how a camera captures photons.
I think the thing that astounds me most is that Wavelength is a really, REALLY well respected film. Like if you look it up on wikipedia the "reception" tab is just pretentious art-types jerking off about it. Totally baffling
Wow dude, just wow.
the birth of a nation
Battlefield Earth, The Last Jedi, Battleship
manos: the hands of fate.
Would love to see James and Ralph Sepe get together and watch After Last Season.
it sounds like the film gave you the exact reaction Michael Snow was trying to get.  Wavelength very deliberately sets itself against the idea of film as traditional entertainment.  for structuralists like Snow, the actual content of the film was less important than the techniques used.  Snow is deliberately trying to be maddening.  By putting us in the room, we automatically expect something to happen - this is due to our ingrained notions of what a film should be, most of which have been shaped by Hollywood.  But what if nothing happens in the room?  Of course, your mind started to wander, probably meandering around the frame, observing the room.  And then the person drops dead.  Again, we expect something to happen.  But nothing does.  The woman makes the phone call, and again nothing happens.  Snow is definitely setting us up here, playing against our preconceived notions of film as entertainment and product.  I view Wavelength much in the way I view a film like Dog Star Man or Empire - they're not entertaining in the traditional sense, and in the case of Empire, not even the kind of film you can watch in a single sitting.  But Wavelength is definitely an important film in its ideas - keeping in mind that this was made in 1967, and experimental filmmakers were really toying with the very nature of film form.  I wouldn't say that you should give Wavelength another shot - it's not the easiest thing to sit through.  But I also wouldn't say that there is no reason to watch it.
Easy: Leonard Part Six
DRAGON👏BALL👏EVOLUTION👏!!!!!!!!!!!!!! IT'S EVEN WORST THAN WAVE LENGTH!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I feel like the worst 3 experiences I've had are 1. Stealth and 2. Vanity Fair
Where’s the Rolling Rock?
Please, I can make a way worse film than this.
master of disguise is bad? now you'll never be turtley enough for the turtle club
It's not a movie. It's a therapeutic session. Whenever you feel insane, just sit down and look at nothing to breath.
I'm going with Jaws: The Revenge.
Angry video nerd? :D
Your movie in which I donated to.
Freddie got fingered was a banger lol
The batman was deprived of all entertainment.
I couldn't make it through the second Ewok movie either.
Mr magoriums emporium
I think Boogey Man (Uli Lommel) is almost as bad as The Room, theres  a 70's or 80's Scentinel movie that is Excruciating. The 2000's Boogey man is also excruciating but for different reasons.
Mohawk (2017 ) I cannot possibly say I've seen anything worse in my 40 years on this planet. So very very bad and literally devoid of any entertainment of any kind.
"Wavelength" seems to have redefined the meaning of torture film.
I thought we all agreed that battlefield earth was the WOAT!
James was our sacrificial lamb to watch this film for us so we don't have to. ALL HAIL KING JAMES (no, not the basketball player)
AVGN The Movie,  sorry not sorry 🤣 (although it did entertain me)
Gym Kata and Brazilian Brawl are two movies that come to mind.  The problem is Gym Kata will actually make you laugh.  Brazilian Brawl and other films like these even though there may be one identifiable actor may not even qualify as being a movie because it's so poorly made.   Also just look at the budget and production.  Some of these worst films were never published in a movie theater and no one had not only not seen them but never heard of them.  I think a movie to qualify would have had to of been shown on the big screen at least.  Anybody can find some old low-budget foreign film made with a home camera and probably call it the worst-ever movie.  A worst-ever movie should also probably be something a person has at least heard of or even seen.  Ex. Mission to Mars.
Wavelength is not a movie......its torture
The Counselor was a really bad movie.
AVGN movie is up there
Street Trash comes to mind. Neat special effects, but everything else is awful.
Alpha Dog
James is dripped out.
I'm thinking attack of the  killer tomatoes might still be in the running for that honor
In TMNT 3 (movie) review, pretty sure James said that it was worst movie he's seen.
It’s space jam 2
Tim Burton Planet of the Apes is one of the worst films I've ever seen
For me, it's Surf Nazis Must Die.  It has absolutely no enjoyment.  If you disagree, at least we can likely agree it's the worst movie with the best movie poster!
~🎸 “He’s the Tranquil Cinema Nerd~🎶”
So, uh....what about the dead dude...
Phantom Menace is terminator 2 compared to any movie in the sequels.
Wait WHAT?!?!? That is an actual worldwide release film?
Eraser Head
Horrible lol
Beautiful, on point subtle jab there  -like the one in that legendary No Review-  Western Culture is lucky to have you, James.  Thank you for what you do.
🧟‍♂️"TROLLS 2"🧟‍♂️
Wait, where's Cinemassacre podcast?
Jack Frost 2: Revenge of the Mutant Killer Snowman ranks as one of my worst videos ever. It might be entertaining for some.... I couldn't even finish it.
An 11 minute video discussing a 45 min video about nothing.
Nudist Colony of the Dead is by far the worst movie ever.  I can remember renting it as a teenager and thinking I was a rebel 🤣
Freddy Got Fingered knew what it was though, and that is what made it funny to me.  It felt self aware that it had the bar set low.
I’m confused.  If the purpose of the movie was to drive you into madness… and it succeeds at doing that… wasn’t it a successful movie?
Dragon ball evolution the worse movie ever
JAMES! I did it. I found the worst movie ever made. 'Caveman' starring Ringo Starr
For me, it's Eden Log
Discovering James is a peasant
A rare footage of the backrooms
Plan 9 from outerspace and troll 2 are fist fighting rite now for no. 1
Children of the Living Dead.
It could be useful as a dopamine detox.
Battlefield Earth comes to mind
Shazam or whatever that movie was with Shaquille O’Neal.
based and geezepilled
The cops never show up.... Maybe that's the point of the film. I dunno
Dragon Ball Evolution...its the worst LOL
For me, it would be 'Suburban Commando', 'Mr. Nanny', 'North' & 'Batman & Robin'.
My answer is The Human Centipede 2
Whats the name of the music in the background? I love it!
If you think about it there no such thing as a terrible movie because there’s always someone out there that will like the movie it could be the most terrible movie out there and there will be at least one person out there that likes it and it’s there favorite movie
Is this even worse than the game "Watching Paint Dry?"
Worst movie ever is Daredevil
I'm not sure if wavelength counts as an actual 'movie', but I get your point.  But dude, have you seen '2025: The World Enslaved by a Virus'? Gives me serious Tommy Wisseau vibes.
James and RiffTrax would be a match made in Heaven...
Oh the worst ever? That would be Star Wars 7 8 and 9.
You know what’s odd? This film actually won awards and is considered a milestone in the film industry, for some reason.
Morbius
I am excited to seek out and view this whimsical journey of a film! My gullywits are fully prepared to learn of The Length of this Wave...!
Love these videos James, and oh my the stuff I've sat through in film class... I feel this hard
Shanghai Surprise has absolutely no redeeming value whatsoever.
You should watch " bad boy bubby " 🙏🏽
The Greatest Showman.
The AVGN movie.
Dracula 3000  thats all ill say
after last season is genuinely a terrible movie. gave me sensory deprivation and a headache.
The worst movie I've ever seen is Game Over Man. The funniest part of the movie wasn't even in the movie, it was just in the trailer. Hated every minute of it.
Star Wars: The Last Jedi. Not even close.
Thank you for contextualizing what worst really means at scale and taking thise seriously.   Battleship was really bad
Easy pick James, for me the worst film is Shark Exocist.  Let's just say it makes the  Sharknado trilogy look like lord of the rings
"Wavelength" is the cinematic equivalent of The Backrooms.
I loved this movie.
Worst horror movie I seen uncle sam
The Matrix Resurrections is the WORST movie I've ever seen!
Andy Warhol's "Empire" is worse.
Freddy Got Fingered is one of my favourite films so you should probably stay away from me at all costs
The worst movie I ever saw was The Stupids.
I dont like Requiem For a Dream.
4:44 into this video.  whos' taking the Wavelength challenge?
Dude, Sharknado ended with the 8th film
I have two that I'd like to nominate:  2008's Repo, The Genetic Opera, and Forbidden Zone, from 1980.  Maybe some people like them, but I did not.
I wish he'd go back to video game stuff.  There's too many movie reviewers on youtube.
The last jedi hands down,not only is it a terrible movie but it also ruins the lore for everything else
Fungicide Is probably the worst film I have ever seen.
Grey Gardens. I loathe that film.
i realy liked this
Check my game, worst game ever!
That I've seen? BILL AND TED 3.  And seriously? You mention Freddy Got Fingered, but not your own movie? What a joke.
My vote goes to Starship Invasions (1977). 'Nuff said.
The latest resident evil movie.
After Last Season & Breakfast of Champions are among the very worst, for me anyway
My vote for worst movie ever is either Passion Of The Christ or The Hangover.
MS3K will always make bad movies enjoyable.
that movie "Wavelength" should be used as a form of torture for POWs.
Toss up between Cosmic Sin and Joe's Apartment
Angry Videogame Nerd: The Movie is pretty high up there among the worst movies.
Nothing But Trouble is terrible and joyless.
I am curious what you think of David Lynch movies? Eraserhead for example...
Is it just me or is this movie kind of eerie and scary
Cold blooded but i knew in the bqck of my mind
The Room is the greatest movie in the world. “Oh hi Denny!”
For me it has to be Champion Killer. I have NO idea how something that awful ever got released on dvd, but I have the disc to prove it. It's pure torture to watch.
Andy Warhol filmed a dude sleeping for like 8 hours, and screened it.
Maybe the sound  has something to do with INFRASOUND, and the visual was an atempt to complement hoping for a poignancy effect.
The worst movie I’ve ever seen is Master of Disguise. I saw it again recently on Tubi TV, and it’s just as bad now, if not worse, than what it was in 2002.
I'm shocked he didn't say his movie was the worst.
I feel like the worst movies are the ones that exist to spread hate and lies. Are they the most nonsensical badly shot films? No. But their purpose is so vile that to me that makes them the worst, not just something that benefits no one by watching but something that actively harms.
"jaani dushman" is the worst movie you'll ever watch
MANOS *** THE HANDS OF FATE!!!!!!!!!
I'm hoping for a remake. Hey maybe I could even do it!
Exorcist 2
Whoever made this thinking they could call it a movie, must have had some strange motivation like torture as you suggested. Which is unique, but that sounds bad bad.
The worst movie ever in my opinion is "Fred: The Movie", or any of it's sequels. I've never seen it, but it's the worst.
Any Saoirse Ronan movies besides ladybird and hotel Budapest for me. Just cannae stand her in a film.
A star is born
Congratulations: this is another very nice and interesting video. It shows your true passion for the art moviemaking.
Grizzly Rage.
jack goes boating
Monster Dog.
All of the Disney Star Wars movies except Rogue One could easily win the title.
Avatar
I'd spit in my professor's face if he subjected me to this arthouse trash.
Lol James was unknowingly an MK ULTRA victim 🤣😮😐
Please make a video about your favorite avant garde movies!
"Prisoners of Ghostland". HANDS DOWN. I can't think of anything nearly as bad.
I think its an interesting experiment in patience or maybe a mental fortitude test.  if it can mess with you that much I think it was sorta successful in its goal.   an Experiment film.
Tusk
Avengers endgame
After your review it seems interesting. But i got one worst on the same way. I think its named Berlin 1940. (maybe i miss on the year number). Same as you,  i watched while was a cinema student. It was a torture from the teacher to us. Just a man sitted on a chair in front of camera. Its supose to be a reminder of IIWW victims.
Movie 43 is the worst for me.
I'm old enough to remember buying that book, "The Golden Turkey Awards" back when it originally was published. I remember seeing it in a bookstore in the new releases display and bought it. That book turned me on to a world of great, funny movies. Have to agree that Plan 9 is way too funny to be bad. As far as my worst movie, I think it has to be Lifeforce (1985). I can recall seeing it in at the movies and thinking what is this mess???
There are bad movies and then there are bad funny movies. But worst of all, my opinion, Jaws 4. I couldnt sit through it in one sitting.
Can't wait for you too see Yoko Ono's films then  Thank you for introducing me to wavelength that movie sounds interesting@
Gamer was worse movie post 2004
Devil, by M. Night Shamayalayanahayahan
thor love and thunder
Motorhome Massacre was the worst I ever seen!
2:58 🤣 I was waiting for this!!
Watching paint dry
Worst movie great white hype
still better than the whole disney star wars trilogy
He's right.. there's always worse movies out there.. I totally understand why he enjoys the new Batman movie now.
Wave Length sounds.. awful.. Why would anyone do this to people.
The Nerd needs to review Valis The Phantasm Soldier game collection.
I wonder if the NERD has played the arcade game or a rom hack of The Real Ghostbusters Arcade game by DATA EAST?
Mac and Me
CLOVERFIELD
I get where James is coming from when talking about how a movie can be subjectively bad but also has merit as a piece of entertainment. That said, the best movie that i can think of that is outright terrible and yet it was one of the best experiences i had in a movie theater, it has to be Cats. There was no better joy to me than seeing an entire theater either disgusted or laughing hysterically at how inept and alien the movie looks and feels. And yet it mesmerizes you. ALW's stage show is leagues better but as far as the movie is concerned, You can never quite forget it.   Now, i think the movie that i think i have seen that i paid money for which i consider THE absolute worst filth, a film without any sort of merit or soul, its Love Guru. My GOD. What a waste of everyone's time, i can't believe Mike Myers committed career suicide by making that movie. None of the jokes paid off, none of the characters were likeable, i can honestly say it is the ONE movie i have ever walked out on. And thats saying alot. I sat through all those awful 00s parody movies like Date Movie, Dance Flick and Meet the Spartans. I didn't even ONCE think about walking out on Cats. I even saw it at the discount theaters where you only had to pay 2 dollars to see it. I walked out of that theater and I will never watch The Love Guru again on my own accord. Its irredeemable in every possible way.
the worst film ever is titanic
empire by andy warhol is 8 hours of the Empire State Building
"Don't Look Up" is just trust the science propaganda.
Freddy Got Fingered and The Room are pure kino.
The Dead Don't Die. Especially Tom Waits. Hands down.
Christ, and I thought my tinnitus was bad, that frequency is unbearable.
Worst film hands down…. I haven’t even seen because its a chick flick hahahahah
Hobgoblins is the worst film ever ,watch it and you will see
Mummy Maniac is the worst film I have ever seen.
What about the AVGN Movie?
Zoolander
So Wavelength is the Desert Bus of movies?
Camp Blood is the worst movie ever
The Royal tennenbaums is the worst movie Ive ever seen. Its randomly nonsencical and sophmoric and pretentious But OK Wavelength is worse.
I love "The Phantom Menace". It is much better than "The Force Awakens", "The Last Jedi", and "The Rise of Skywalker".
Ghostbusters 2016 is the worst movie forever after James explained that awful film! ☠️
Superstar is without doubt in my personal top 3 list for worst films.
Simon Sez
This sounds like those found footage tape videos. But like their old deaf dying grandfather
Wavelength seems like the grandfather of mundane horror.
Either Jupiter Ascending is the worse movie or the last jedi.
not actually bad compared to new matrix
I guess he never saw The Jerky Boys movie or The Room.
For me it's probably Freddy Got Fingered. But there are probably worse ones that I just haven't seen yet. The Street Fighter live action movie is up there.
Closet Land
i havent even watched it and i hate it
Yentl
That guy dying in Wavelength is the cinematic equivalent of the bug splatting on your window in Desert Bus.
Wavelength sounds pretty cool. It's certainly better than Star Wars: Phantom Menace. By leagues.
I was one of the few people to remain until the end of this at my film class. Love how the audio wave increases to madness pitch
My question is did you have to re-watch this movie for this?
This vid made me think of the Nico B movie "Pig" and it was also as an avant-garde masterpiece and I watched it and was like... ehh. Lol
This is interesting have you heard of the backrooms this is the inspiration.
6:40. …boredom, cameraman couldn’t take it anymore.
He should have qualified this as, "what's the worst movie you've ever seen when going to the movie theater expecting to be entertained?"  For me it was, 1 Noah 2 Lost in Space 3 Dune
Plan 9? I was watching the remake this week!
dark floors
I’m quite sure this “Film” would be comfortably in David Lynch’s top 10 👀
The worst film I have ever seen A Serbian Film!
The Mario bros movie and or Dragon ball Evolution.
How about worst movie ever that was released nationwide in theaters. Well without a doubt my opinion its "Dungeon and Dragons " talk about a hyped flop of a movie.
Actually, after hearing this description i think it is one of the most interesting movies ever made.
The film Doll face 2021 might just about beat wave length.
Super Mario Brothers is the worst movie ever made.
It’s velocipastor no question
The Rise of Skywalker is the worst film ever made.
I think Wavelength is the movie the Mads were looking for in MST3K, the one that would drive the world insane.
I think what would make a movie in the running for being on that worst list is a level of insufferable pretension far above any actual merit. I guess Wavelength is a perfect example.
"Things" is my personal worst movie. Anyone choosing a high budget mainstream movie needs to expand what types of films they watch.
"Indiana Jones & The Kingdom Of The Crystal Skull" This is the movie I hated the most watching it at the theatre. But that was due to what it did to the legacy of what came before. Such a massive disappointment.
I love exorcist II...beautiful music and imagery
Freddy Got Fingered is a goddemned masterpiece.
The Neverending Story is the worst
Anyone else buy any lf those dollar tree movies? They're so bad that I give them to people as gifts for their birthday as a joke.
The worst movie ever made imo is The Legend of the Titanic.
Freddy Got Fingered is a certified masterpiece.
the upcoming NFT trilogy,
"Where does this movie end up?"  Apparently more margaritas from cayman jack.
did James ask Doug for some worse movies Doug review bad movies
I watch it
Thank you I actually never signed up for this.
My own pick for worst is The Legend of the Titanic, but my own most hated is The Last Airbender.
This is a no contest we all know the worst movie ever is                                      The Last Jedi
how is that even considered a movie though. a video of a wall?
Surprised James didn't just say Ghostbusters 2016 and end the video
La peor película debería ser una hecha profesionalmente y con un presupuesto adecuado para no tener que improvisar cosas.
I liked the Star Wars Phantom menace I saw twice in theaters
Vampire Men of the Lost Planet
The last jedi! Because of the damage it did to the saga?
The Force Awakens.
with my autism if i had to watch this i would probably genuinely have to walk out of the room.
PHANTOM MENACE ISN'T EVEN THE WORST STAR WARS FILM
Ghostbusters 2016 is the worst movie ever....hands down.
I showed this to my mom and she found it fascinating how something like Wavelength could even exist!
I can see one purpose in showing film students Wavelength: It teaches them to not go too artsy-fartsy or else they make films like Wavelength and convince themselves that they're making some kind of great and subversive masterpiece.
see no evil. kane . 2006 .
Empire by Andy Warhol
Empire by Andy Warhol
I think the guy who collapses halfway through the film died of boredom...
Out of curiosity, has anyone here seen Valhalla Rising?   It might not be the 'Worst', but it's..... it's something......
Grubengustl
I feel James should do a Master Class soon...
It looks only slightly worse than Apollo 13.
Ever seen the movie “The Accidental Tourist” - it’s literally like watching a stationary picture of an empty bus station , it’s awful
2 Worst movies is seen is transformers 2007 film and transformers: revenge of the fallen 2009.
"bad movies"  are not the same as "avantgarde which i dont understand therefore they are bad" even if they are both in the filmmedium. Not a substantial argument here, james
Oh.. thought you would talk about your own movie … ok
Sounds like it might be the most emotional movie and thing you have ever seen because you will probably never forget because of the stress you went through watching I've seen some bad movies but you do seem to have a story and connection with your worst movie I always forget or tune out
Hellacious Acres
Wow ! I haven't seen you in a LOOONG WHILE !!!!!!
Background music makes the difference.
Personally I don’t think Wavelength is the worst movie ever since it achieves its objective. To me the measure of whether a movie delivers what it intends to achieve is the criteria of ‘worst’, not entertainment value.
your tearing me apart james
Things….
Yo whats the name of that beat?
Episode 1 isn't the worst Star Wars movie ever made. None of the theatrically released Star Wars films are even close to being the worst Star Wars movie ever made. The 2 Ewok movies are so much worse than your most hated Theatrical Star Wars movie. They are so bad I have attempted to forget everything about them. So much so that I can't remember which is worse.  I also own them on DVD. Well of course I do. Star Wars is more to me than breathing. Without Star Wars I'd be dead.
The Stupids
Taxi with Jimmy Fallon and female Ghostbusters
Listen to Consume Red by Ground Zero. You may find a parallel to this movie
They should've had Sasquatch walk through the frame once.
Titanic 2 I have to say lol
I love  when James just sits down and talks with us.
I walked out of one film, but its cause my friend didnt like it. Damnation Alley. great truck in it.
Cuties is the worst.
Umm…. The Room of course bro
Thanks for all your awesome videos 😎😎
There is one movie, no one talks about .... its called Dragonball: Evolution
And still...wavelength was better than morbius.
The Wicker Man is the worst movie I've ever seen.
Have you ever seen big money hustlers and its sequel big money wrestlers created by the insane clown posse they're so bad they're funny.. but I actually did love the movies
Your Movie was the best worst Movie. I loved it
Wow...just when you think you seen everything.
Mother..... WME!
Poor gilbert
Ben and Arthur. No contest.
My worst film is Nothing But Trouble.  With the cast involved, I expected it to be better.  Instead, the badness of it made me angry.
I agree with who think this is a masterpiece...
I wish he would’ve picked something that was an attempt at being enjoyable.
You can't even call Wavelength a movie... so I don't think it counts really.
I'll Tell you What's The Worst Movie Ever... A Clockwork Orange
My Top 3 Worst Films are Diary of a Wimpy Kid: The Long Haul, Cat in the Hat, and Life's a Jungle.
fantastic four 2015, is the worst movie ever made
Wrong Turn 6
I really like when james talk to us ): Great video James, thanks-
The worst movie or movies to me are those odd Andy Warhol movies he made.
Freddy got fingered is hilarious🤣 very entertaining so not really a bad movie
Liminal Space: The Movie
All three Nolan Batman movies. The worst of “real” movies.
Avgn there will be a review of the game heart of darkness or brain dead 13,why are they because the scenes are hard.
I actually prefer it when it's James and not the AVGN.
This needs to be on Mystery Science Theater 3000.
I can't watch bad movies even to make fun of them.
Was Crazy Bus the video game adaptation of Wavelength (1967)?
after watching hundreds of Z movies, i can definitely say that:  Going overboard (1989) and Cats (2019) are the rock bottom. also mortal kombat (1995) but that debatable.
Manos the hand of Fate then there is one about a killer tire I forget the name of it .
The new Batman
Worst movie is like worst game, you can pick a perfect example of them doing everything wrong like Jekyll and Hyde, but there is still just the unwatchable not-really-a-movie/game F tier.
Well I know what I’m watching tonight
Video: What’s the worst movie ever? James: 10:11
Easy. Bio-dome.   Would rather watch Wavelength.
Found the newest video I could.... I'm not sure if it's a rumor but I heard Gilbert(Fred Fuchs) passed away.... Fred Fuchs will never be forgotten
"After last season" is the worst movie ever!
If memory serves, there is another movie with the title Wavelength.  Low budget scifi flick from the 80's. All I remember is the scene where they're doing an alien autopsy.
The only reason this was picked was because James didn't watch "Aliens from Spaceship Earth".  It's labeled as a sci fi movie but they just talk about Hare Krshna the entire movie. Everyone I know who tried to watch it fell asleep or turned the movie off because they felt sleepy. Even my friend's religion teacher turned it off in boredom. A religion teacher. Turning off a movie about religion.  It's that bad.
Its very hard to answer I know none. And Plan 9 is cool.
The worst movie I’ve ever seen is Star Wars episode 2 attack of the clone’s
You could do way way worse than Phantom Menace. Besides Phantom Menace ain’t a bad movie.
Manos: The Hands of Fate is incredibly bad without the MST3k riffing
Suckerpunch is the worst movie ever.
ghostbusters 2016
Easy it's the AVGN Movie!   (I joke.)
I thougt Andyworholes empirestate building whas the worst movie. But... i was wrong.
Episode 8 is way worse than Episode 1. 😬
Gilbert Gottfried is dead! ;(
hey james , would you maybe consider doing a review on mr rogers neighborhood?
Of mice and me was pathetic
A lot of times people tell me their worst films all I think is "you really haven't dug to the bottom of the trash bin". Any number of direct to Amazon stuff over the last 20 years would turn most people's brain to mush.
check out "Churchill, the Hollywood Years" you'll want to rip off your eyelids to make earplugs.
The Happening = Worst Movie Ever
Neil Breen movies.    edit: nah, you're right. Wavelength wins.
Easy: After Last Season. Nothing happens in this movie. It is literally devoid of any entertainment.
Mine is nukie
I have not seen it but Marci X is a really horrible movie (Watch Cinema Snob’s video on it)
What's the best discussion video of the worst movie ever?
I actually liked master of disguise a lot
Have you ever seen Liquid Sky?
Worst movie in my opinion; Velocipastor.
I wonder if James know about Gilbert gottfried passing
Roma, netflix
There is a movie, i dont remember the name. It's just ppl in army costumes killing people in an old building, killing like in Hostel movie style. That was the worst film ive ever saw.
Leonard Part 6. Hands down, for me.
I would agree with you on The Room Jimbo, BUT since then "wokeness" never factored in, at least Tommy Wisseasu wasn't a fool that went down down that rabbit hole. Maybe we re-evaluate?
6:27 Friday the 13th movies 1-3 in a nutshell
One of the worst movies I've ever seen is Jurassic World.
maybe Jack and Jill, maybe Max Magician...it depends
Freddie Got Fingered is not bad at all, it's actually one of the best comedies ever
Heartbeeps
Aww man looks like James ain't uploading today. I thought he uploaded every week at least once.
I’m surprised it’s not Ricky 1
Dark Phoenix was the worst movie I have ever watched why because it's terrible especially when trailers of the film came out and also it was the worst directorial debut from screenwriter and producer Simon Kinberg
Worst movie ever made was "nothing but trouble"
Transmorphers.. not even fun for me.. somehow actually worse than the Transformer films it was skimming off of.
The Island with Michael Caine. Terrible movie. I had repressed the memory of it, it's so bad. It's dull. Horrible.
Kind of a cop out. Can you even call a 45 minute experimental film a movie?
I should update the list, but in the late 90's these two movies blew my mind with how bad they were:  1. Hardware (1990) 2. Death Machine (1994)
The best movie: MORBIUS!!!
Sounds like it affected you more than most movies :D
Samurai Cop...
Master of Disguise!  I feel like everyone only remembers one part from that movie. And it's the Turtle Club.
The worst film ever Is Aerials . Please look it up
I'd still rather watch Wave Length than I, Frankenstein ever again
Excellent video! I guess the purpose of Your teacher showing this film to his students was the subject how to create discomfort by using simple techniques in audiovisual formats.
2:12 so that’s where the Darkest Future got it from
I think wavelength is now my favourite movie
Lol
This is so interesting!  I do think that The Worst has to be "Unwatchable" as a film.
Things is the worst movie I ever saw.
ha, this is one of my favorite films
The more you were talking about this movie the more it seems something part of the mk ultra program. Polybius at least was fictional, this thing is real.
4:10 Reminds me of David Lynch. Some of his stuff is like this. Look to, 2002 "Rabbits" if you don't believe me.
2:55 Hey ! Go easy on the Master Of Disguise. That to me was a 5-star production. The crazy costumes seen and even in the end credits were priceless !
norbit and signs and dont mess with the zohan where pretty bad
love to see James mentioning The Room
Love Guru?
Freddy Got Fingered is a masterpiece, you take that back!
Now I'm curious to check this  flick out...but for me if I had to call the worst, I'd say After Last Season...hands down, that's my pick and it's feature length...for better or worse...
for me, the worst movie ive ever seen was "the tomb" directed by ulli Lommel back in 2007. was even worse than human zoo.
Nekromantik is wierd.
Easy, that's Mulholland Drive!
Broke back mountain.  I dare you to review that.😃
At least this movie makes you feel something. I think the worst movie ever is Self-portrait by Yoko Ono.  Look it up for the synopsis....
I have a new appreciation for the Nerd's reaction to Desert Bus.
Request  King of The Monsters (Neo Geo AES) - Angry Video Game Nerd (AVGN)
Where is avgn!
Has he forgotten about "The Vulture"? He posted a whole video about it calling it one of the worst movies he ever saw.
He's GOT to do another Gilbert Gottfried video.
Worst movie reviewed on MST3k - The Dead Talk Back  Worst movie I've seen on the Big Screen - too many to count, but Vantage Point comes to mind immediately
Worst film I ever saw was Meet The Spartans, I returned it back to Blockbuster and didn’t finish it.
Wavelength would be a killer background to one of those ambient dark synth videos though, has that distressed VHS vibe to it.
My ring camera recreates this film everyday 😂😂
The worst thing I've seen is disaster movie
U should review begotten
As for me, the worst movie I ever saw was called "Attack of the gryphon/griffin" I can't remember which spelling the movie used.
The Room james. I assure you, that one was NOT intentional lol.
I’d love to see the Nerd himself review this movie.
Something to consider.. as terrible as Wavelength is.. 40.. 50 years later.. people still talk about it.
I want James to review Killer Croc 1&2 the jaws spinoffs
I've seen a great deal of terrible films but i think Alfred Sole's Pandemonium (1982) takes the cake for me. Which is crazy since he made Alice, Sweet Alice only 6 years before.
Please, we need a video covering the Neil Breen movies!
Ahhh dude this was the perfect opportunity to say ghostbusters 😂😂 phantom menace isnt even the worst star wars movie anymore!
Open Water.
Well I guess Wavelength did have a purpose. It served as the inspiration of this video.
My personal worst movie ever: Stargate
Movie 42 is just horrible. No redeeming features at all
Well I think Andy Warhol's Empire could be a worse experemental film then Wavelength as that is 8 hours & there is absolutely nothing but a still image of a tower.
the Wicker Man, I hated myself for actually sitting through it!
Oh, man, my mum and I like to watch those bad hallmark type movies lol.
Gilbert Godfrey passed away. Thank you for having him on. I'm gonna go watch that now. I need some Gilbert right now😭 rip fred fuchs
Its called moms out of sight..i have it on dvd and its terrible... Ouija shark is a close 2nd
The one and only answer, is obviously Napoleon Dynamite.
The worst movie I have seen is Disaster Movie. Strangely, I kinda liked Battlefield Earth.
the worst film I've ever seen was "I know who killed me". I'm sure the experimental film is worse, but this can't be far behind it.
One of the worst movies I ever saw was yours, not gonna lie.
RIP Gilbert Gottfried. I remember back when you featured him on your show.
Hey, James. I'm a big fan and there's a question that I've wanted to get your opinion on. Who wins in a fight? Rocky Balboa in peak condition or Mr. Miyagi in peak condition?
Joe Biden press conferences.
Sorry if this is off topic but it just happened today. Gilbert Gottfried has died at the age of 67. James I thought you'd wanna know due to your recent work with him as Fred Fuchs.
Human centipede 3 was pretty bad
Empire is an 8 hour movie of the Empire State Building
Honestly for me, And Its controversial. the blair with project. Its the one film where I can't even suspend my disbelief im watching a film. Just feels like watching 3 people messing about in the woods. I have had...maybe not heated, but debates on social media with friends. there were people on my side and against.
Freddy Got Fingered is a masterpiece unlike any other.   You crazy lol.  Still love ya.
Andy Warhol made some of the worst films IMO
“The big hit” mark wahlberg
Cats
I liked battlefield earth lol
RIP Fred Fuchs, Gilbert Gottfried has passed away. Very terrible news, he will be missed greatly.
worst movieS: The blair witch series
So sorry to hear about Gilford Godfrey I know he was your friend it's sad everyone grew up with him
The worst movie I've ever seen was A Christmas Story 2.  Didn't even finish it; my wife wanted to buy the DVD when it came out because the original was her favorite Christmas movie ever.  A little less than halfway through the movie, I asked her, "Are you actually enjoying this?"  When she answered, "Not at all," that was all I needed to hear.  I ejected the movie and threw it right in the trash.
RIP Gilbert Gottfried Dies at 67..... He was in AVGN.....
Gilbert gottfried died
Wow this is worse than Roy (bollywood movie).
RIP Gilbert Gottfried. I know you got to work with him James and that was a cool episode. I can only imagine the things that went on during the making of the episode and the friendship that came from that.
Things gets my vote for the very worst. Its so incomprehensible, you'd be forgiven for thinking Coleman Francis's angry spirit guided it's creation from the great beyond.
the omega code was... man lol
Ankle Biters.
I like how James' depiction of the worst movie is not what people are expecting and is genuine torture. Doug's most hated movie is justifiable and effects him personally, but it's nothing out of the usual.
I wonder if it was used for interrogation
This does sound a little creepy
clearly none of you have seen andy warhols version of dracula, cause thats the worst movie ever
Worse than The Phantom Menace? Any of the Disney SW films.
Worst movie ever the AVGN movie
Wavelength is backrooms Surveillance footage.
The Patriot and Pearl Harbor immediately spring to mind.
legend of chun li was the worst film i've seen. i wanted my 65 cents back.
For me, The Big Hit was just godawful. To quote Roger Ebert, I hate hate hate hated it.
Wait? I thought Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles 3 was the worst movie ever made.
I was listening with ear buds in and around 8:35, I think I got LOUD and clear what James was talking about.
Manos..The hands of fate.
It was from this film that the idea for Silent Hill The Room was born)
The worst film I have seen is "The Ganzfeld Haunting" (2014).  It was not entertaining, no creativity, the director and writers did not know what type of movie it should be, and the characters were bland and very unlikable. It is a film that makes a person think, "How the heck did this monstrosity get greenlit?"
The worst movie I ever saw - not counting sequels or remakes - was Crash (1996). It was supposed to be a psychological thriller but was pretentious BS.
I almost expected to see The Giant Claw on here.
I think the worst movie I ever saw was Robert Altman's "A Wedding". I absolutely hated it
Should have been a phot(d)o of frodo.
I would just watch a video of James just chilling... not even talking, just a video to him
Take the words Freddy got fingered out of your mouth.
Ghostbusters 2016.
Gravity. No questions asked. Terrible
From Justin to Kelly is the worst movie ever made.
The worse film ever made is actually  "Space Movie 1992".
For me the worst movie ever has to be Blair Witch Project. The movie about a witch, which had no witch in the movie.
Titanic
Hello!!
The person who made Wavelength is probably also a wanted serial killer...
I love wavelength. Structuralist films and Michael Snow's work was awesome. I sat through it all, several times.
I sat through all of Wavelength, but I still haven't finished the 2008 Incredible Hulk movie after attempting it 4 times. I believe I recall seeing his super jump in the trailers, but I never got that far.
My personal worst movies is Zilla 2 & 3, you think adding opponents would make it at least a little better but it don't
If James says this is bad, he needs to watch Andy Warhol's Empire; its a 8 HOUR MOVIE, thats nothing but a shot of the Empire state building
you think this movie is bad, you should another movie by this director called Back and Forth. that is if you can watch all of it.
The irony is that james made a horrible film himself.
"you can do worse" -James Rolfe Best advice ever
This is the desert bus movie version
Batman and Robin is the worst movie I've personally ever seen.
Wavelength is the desert bus of movies
Wavelength is better than Batman & Robin. I enjoyed it.
I know there are worse movies out there but for me personally, Ghostbusters 2016... i just can't, i can't deal with that movie, i can't do it, i just can't.
The boredom of the movie killed the guy. And the wall is the only witness
It's easy to define what is done incorrectly, or why it's incorrect. But, it's much harder to accept whether what you've defined as incorrect is correct.
who does this guy think he is the nostalgia critic?
The Nerd is the 🐐 of YouTube
the worst movie ever made is After Last Season, no question about it
"It's a film about nothing!.....How do we know when it's over?" "I do." *click*
Worst movie ever, The Godfather. Or maybe just most overrated. It's horrible either way.,
Probably preferable to watching all 8 hours of Andy Warhol's Empire.
Ghostbusters 2016....easy answer
Batman V Superman!
I'm just wondering, why was the Phantom Menace considered bad?
looks better than manos
Isn't there another movie that is eight hours long. Just this shot of the empire state building? Imaging sitting for eight ours watching a still shot with no bathroom breaks, but only with the inclusion of TV static amplified 10 times.   That would have to be worse due to the length, even without that irritating noise from Wave Length, or maybe It's just the mandela effect again. If anyone knows plz let me know. Thanks in advance.
For me I say the worst is the 2021 Candyman, I'd probably have more fun watching Wavelength than that movie again
I think Wavelength is the film equivalent of Sunn O))) or Swans. Not bad at all IMO
watching your videos makes me happy after a horrible day
After Last Season is shockingly bad haha you're just sitting there, wondering if you even exist
I wanted to say Food Fight, but it isn't the worst film
the avgn movie...
Worst movie I’ve ever seen is ghostbusters 2016
Its between the room or ghostbustet 2016 for me
The movie served its purpose!
300 is the worst movie ever.
Planet of the Dinosaurs
"Basketcase" is the worst movie I've ever seen with a three act structure. Apparently "Paint Drying" eclipses "Wavelength" in terms of sheer boredom (it's over 10 hours long).
I'm surprised he didn't mention empire by Andy Warhol
Nobody can honestly say that Episode I is the worst Star Wars movie now that Episode 9 exists...
This list looks like golden candidates than new netflix woke movies.
Hey James! I was recently rewatching the Back to the Future trilogy. I remember I use to love the 3rd movie the most when I was a kid and it only has been amplified more as an adult see so much of the growth of Doc and Marty in the film and the emotions that Clara brings. I must ask what is your favorite Back to the Future if you could choose?
The worst I've ever seen is manos the hands of fate
The worst movie ever made is THE LAST AIRBENDER.  There is no question.
Samurai Cop.
Am I high or does this movie sound awesome, or both?
Rubber
the title "wavelength" could also be related to the changing filters and tones, since both light and sound have wavelengths. that's not particularly interesting, but it's maybe .01% more interesting.
avatar the last airbender live action
last avatar was a horrible movie
still better than any super hero movie,....
The way you’re describing it makes it sound interesting
Sky Captain and the World of Tomorrow.
Obviously, James still hasn't watched Ghostbusters 2016.
I rather enjoyed Freddy Got Fingered, it made me laugh.
My personal list:   Mary Poppins Returns (2018)  Norbit (2007)  Ocean's 12 (2004)   All three of these movies I found to be completely devoid of any and all entertainment, and that's the worst type of movie.
The worst film I've ever seen in a cinema was Ghostbusters 2016, followed closely by Jurassic World. Dreadful movies.
Santa and the Ice Cream Bunny
Gummo. Total pointless trash.
#1 The Last Airbender
I remember my dad would always say the worst movie he's ever seen was a horror film from the 80s called Don't Go Into the Woods. Him, and my grandparents all said it was the worst they had ever seen.
👍👍👍❤❤❤
I met James once at a convention when I was younger. I always saw him as the Nerd, but it makes me happier to see him discussing his favorite films and being himself.
Love this video! The editing interlacing the clips with James' is quintessential Cinemassacre
_The very worst movie..._ _I've never seen was,_ _....Ghostbusters 2016 !_
I don't think Kull the Conqueror was meant to be bad. The worst movie I've seen in a theatre.
You have to include killer tomatoes from outer space 🍅
What about The Piano 1993 which won awards at the Oscars for some reason.
ThanksKilling was the worst movie I’ve ever saw.
Beeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeppppppppppppppppppppppp!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I was sure he was going to say Ricky 1
Watching this film was James' villain origin story
Im sorry did u just say freddy got fingered is bad? Its a masterpiece. Leonard part 6 is the worst movie ever
The Postman....Waterworld??
Congratulations.... you are a survivor of MK Ultra.
Fant4astic
Only James could angrily rant about his personal worst movie ever and still make it sound interesting and worth watching.
This looks like someone pranked film students to watch a surveillance camera
Ghostbusters is the greatest movie ever made.
Which would you rather watch, Wavelength or the 2016 Ghostbusters?
Movie 43 has to be it for me… I couldn’t even finish it.
I think it's also an important distinction whether the film accomplishes its goal. What did this one want to do? If it succeeded, it's not the worst at least
Super Mario Bros?
James you must drop everything right now and watch fatal deviation
The answer is star crash
Catwomen
ok wavelenght beats mine .. but not so much lol
My Yardstick for bad is The Versace Murders. A bad film can be bad, but never Versace Murders bad
Justice league I feel asleep
This is Desert Bus as a movie.
Still more entertaining then Star Wars 9
James would be great on RLM’s Best of the Worst
My follow up question would be: what was the most disappointing movie you ever saw? I think that is its own category of worst movie, but a very personal one.
Manos and the Hands of Fate  Worst film ever...  Then, maybe MoonFall
i think Wavelength isn't the worst movie as that's what the director wanted.
"The Box"
Is there a post credit scene?
Curry and rice
'Wavelength' is an experiment in academic/intellectual conformity.
backrooms
eraserhead
Freddy Got Fingered was not a bad movie. It was freaking hilarious 😂. Daddy would you some sausages? Daddy would you like some Sau-Sa-Ges?
We all know it's Master of Disguise.
Thankskilling 3
Oh dude, I am so sorry...looks like a hideous experience....
Wavelength form 1983 is great tho.
I don't generally seek out obscure terrible movies, so all the worst movies I've ever seen are the usual suspects, like Birdemic and The Room. If I had to pick a personal worst movie, like the one that disappointed me the most, it would be Grown Ups. Absolutely unwatchable, completely wasting its talented comedic cast.
Who wrote this vid James?
This film was still better than The Witch
Worst movie: The Master Of Disguise.
AVGN the movie.
Well it's official he convinced me. I'm about to watch Wavelength just to see what it's all about once this is done.
Thank you
How about "The Wedding Trough"/"Vase De Noces"/"The Pig @#$%&£€ Movie"?  It is a film that *HATES* you.
look who's talking now
Freddie got fingered is awesome
No Ghostbusters 2016?
I love freddy got fingered
I have actually seen Wavelength in a theatre. Never thought I would hear James talk about it XD I knew what to expect from the film, so it wasn't too bad. As a structural film, it's really more to talk and think about than it's about the experience of watching.  And it's sort of fun in a troll-ish kind of way. Having to watch those pretentious late Godard films was much worse.
Curiously this entire explanation about why Wavelength is the worst film is what gives it value to me and thus instantly removes it from being called "worst". It's a memorable experience, something that stays with you and leaves an impression even if it's your mind desperately trying to find meaning in it.
A Polish Vampire in Burbank
It's a tie between "Troll 2" and "Nukie" as the worst movies I've ever seen, but theres probably tons of 70s Italian b-movies out there just as brutal. "Chicken Park" is another horrible one that comes to mind.
Hey AVGN did you see the trailer for Kingdom Hearts 4? So please do an AVGN episode on Kingdom Hearts 3?
Freddy got fingered is one of my very favorite movies still. In my opinion it walked so napoleon dynamite could run
Wavelength looks like the mysterious arcade Polybius lol
Manos hands of fate is utterly un-enjoyable
I actuallyI actually likeI actually like the Master of disguise always have
if you want a movie that SHOULD be "bad" but somehow isn't  watch "The Man from Earth"
Can you review the Sonic 2 movie?
Probably force Awakens or the rise of Skywalker
Worst Movie?  Star Wars: The Last Jedi, episode 8.
The correct answer is Schindler's List.
"What's the Worst Movie Ever?" The AVGN Movie comes to mind.
I implore everyone to watch a movie starring Mads Mikkelsen, called Valhalla Rising.  It's my candidate, put a lot praise it. It is an definitely  *an experience!*
This question has been burning in my brain for so long so I'm going to ask it. Is there any other movies other than Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles III that use a normal number and the Roman numeral on the same box DVD, VHS, or otherwise?
Pinocchio: A True Story << This is the worst film you will ever watch.
Is the sound in wavelength one of those frequencies that make you feel ill or uneasy?
“Who Shot Captain Alex” and other Movies of “Ugandan Cinema”… The Worst.
Freddy Got Fingered is amazing! And INSANE!
Trollland starring Ja Rule is horrible!
The worst movie ever you should choose is the one you couldn’t watch all the way through. I have a few of them and m night shyamalan films come to mind.
worst movie ever  is Jupiter Ascending
I was expecting Mac & Me
PLEASE Do a  review of the bbc tv film Threads
Battlefield Earth 🤢
Hmm  The AFN?
Wavelength is a great film and a really important part of the structural film movement. Give it an honest go if you haven't seen it before.
For me,  1980 Night of the beast or 2015’s Dark Moon Rising are my least favorite movies ever
that wavelength movie looks kinda creepy
Street Trash is the worst I've ever seen
The worst movie ever is called Champaign and Bullets. My uncle was in it.
Wavelength sounds like a fictional movie an SCP author would fabricate for an article.
After Last Season is also utterly joyless
Kiss meets the phantom of the park! Total classic!
the most you talk about the "worst" movie the most I want to see it!!!!
"CHARLIES MOVIE" by Joey Mangano
I think A Cure For Wellness and Enter the Void are the worst movies ever made.
Warriors of virtue lol
you should watch Andy Warhol's "Empire". Really entertaining.
that's not a experimental film, that's actualy a footage of how the backroom looks like.
The last Jedi is the worst movie ever. Trilogy killer
Wavelength from 1983 with Robert Carradine is a much better use of the title.
Most of the horrible movies I’ve seen are on Mystery Science Theater and Rifftrax.  Rifftrax in particular has some of the absolute worst films ever: Curse of Bigfoot, Winterbeast and Things are particularly hurtful to go through.
That was very engaging. I wonder what other insane avant films are out there?
To me the worst movie ever is Beowulf (2007)
The Fountain is the WORSE ever
Yes James aka the Nerd right there's lot of Bad movies.
My nominations are the pest 1997, riddick 2013, and kung pow enter the fist.
how about empire
Phantom Menace > Anything James has done
THE LAST AIRBENDER....OR THE TWILIGHT WHERE THE VAMPIRE WAS BIRTHED..EVERY TORTURE HORROR FILM...💯🙏
Afghan Knights....
6:57 *Thats just like asking someone “if a tree falls over in the woods and nobody is around does it make a noise?”....of course it does*
What about Drop Dead Fred?
James talking about his film class immediately made me wonder what he would of said back then if you were to tell him about all his future success in film making and having literally millions of people enjoy his work.
It's a tough call between Manos and Monster A-Go-Go. I would've count Wavelength here as a movie per se because it has no narrative.
Monster A Go-Go is up there as a really, really bad film!
Nope.  It’s the Rise of Skywalker
Guy died of boredom.
My worst film ever is “another perfect stranger”
I just got three words for you, Ca-si-no!!  Also Wavelength should be viewed at like mental asylums or something. Like cruel and unusual punishment.
For me it's: Da Hip Hop Witch, Megan is Missing, Birdemic & Trash Humpers.
More videos like this please, James. 👍
Meanwhile Stalker is supposedly a masterpiece but it’s not far off from Wavelength…
I always thought that Andy Warhol film was just dumb, I get the value of art being subjective but come on. I think Filming one wall takes the cake of going through the Empire State Building though.
What about Angry Video Game Nerd: The Movie? That one was pretty bad.
You woke my cat up with that Wavelength screech
The Blair Witch Project...
THE WORST MOVIE EVER IS THE ANGRY VIDEOGAME NERD MOVIE
I was sure you were going to go with Manos, but after hearing about Wavelength... It wins. 🤢
MK Annihilation is my most hated movie ever.  I saw it in theaters with 2 of my friends when I was 16 and I still hate every second of it.  Yuck lol.
Well it would have to be the avgn movie
I have to say Beast of Yucca Flats… is definitely up there or should I say down there among the worst.
I feel like after watching this you will be “activated” at some point in the future to assassinate someone.
The dead don't die.... Terrible movie...
The worst film I’ve ever seen is called After Last Season. It’s an hour and a half of utter nonsense. And I do mean nonsense, it literally make no sense. Everything about it is awful in the worst way possible. It’s like a Neil Breen film, but without any of the elements that make his films fun to watch.
What about The Amazing Bulk? (And no, this isn't a typo)
Worst was Cry Baby. Second worst Many Saints of Newark.
"When someone says Phantom Menace is the worst film. You can do worse." Well Disney with the sequel trilogy, literally did it worse.
Ghostbusters 2016?
Bimmy went to special needs school then did this as 'fine arts'. Now we know why the AVGN film was the way it was.
Thanks James. This was honestly interesting to watch and made me question what I have viewed as my worst movies as well. I would have said Knight Tale because the only enjoyment I got out of that wreck of a Movie was making fun of it in the Theater with another Friend who hated it as much as I did, but thats the thing I did get enjoyment out of it. I will have to think on this some more and maybe edit in what I come up with.
Dishonourable mention for Mr Nanny.
And apparently Wavelength makes a few lists of greatest films ever
As a film critic/film buff, with thousands and thousands of movies watched, the worst film I've ever seen remains Caligula. There's a very small, select group of films I've had to give 0 stars to, but that one takes the title as absolute, irredeemable trash. Troll 2 and The Room are at least entertaining as terrible films, and don't even join the 0 star club.
The worst I have seen is easily Disaster Movie. But I haven't watched many experimental films.
You Just Inspired Me To Do Something Like This Film! The World Deserves A Remake Of "Wavelength"!
The Angry Video Game Nerd Movie? That one's a big stinker.
seen some bad ones, santa clause vs the martians comes to mind. but it did make me chuckle a bit at how silly it was. never watched avante garde movies, maybe check out wavelength.
And I thought that "after last season" was the worst film, but by watching pieces of this film, it's worse.
The worst movie ever is probably a movie you don’t even remember.
The worst movie ever - Endgame.
For me it’s Open Water. That film made me nauseated.
for me there was this experimental japanese 2d animation of samurais, which you now reminded me of. It was a typical psychological movie you watch late at night with melancholy and artistic expressions. Only, this movie had gradually worsening 2d animation. The characters were drawn worse and worse throughout the movie, to a point, where watching it felt like what a psychedelic experience might feel like.  I forgot the name of it and unfortunately can not find it googling either.
The movie telephone with Whoopi Goldberg
Freddy got fingered isn't a bad movie. Sorry
Witcher is the worst.
The excercist has a sequel?
Sharknadoes
I never saw this film, so i'm a lucky man. 😄😆😅🤣
A few days ago I asked a coworker on a whim what his favorite movie was. And he dead serious said, The Phantom Menace. He said it was so well done. He wasn't joking. I'm genuinely concerned for his mental health.
It's by far "Little Red Riding Hood".
Wavelength is officially the Desert Bus of movies.
Easy, Ghostbusters from 2016.
I don't think it can be called a movie.
David lynch
The room, Prometheus, the third star wars trilogy, kingdom of the crystal skulls, super Mario Bros, dragon ball evolution... The list goes on.
The only movie worse than Breakin is Breakin 2 electric boogaloo. Lmai
Art house movies are trash, imo I can appreciate them as experiments, but none I’ve seen are worth a toss
Remember the Titans.
I consider the worst movie ever to be "Idiots" or "Nymphomaniac" from Lars Von Trier. These movies are nowhere near as bad as this "Wavelength" movie, but you could object that this movie was done by a totally uninfluential guy who probably knows nothing about movies. Movies like the ones above by Von Trier give you wrong ideas, thoughts and a story that really goes nowhere.
BLASPHEMY! :O
This is not even a film but an experiment . And the sound is just toucher
Dune 2021 is up there
I think 2 of the worst movies I’ve seen have to be Music and Where the Dead Go To Die
The last Jedi, without a doubt.
I think this is just another example of why “bad” is extremely subjective and reductive, yet used incredibly often.
I like to imagine beeping sound at 8:30 is a flying saucer landing out of shot and aliens come to take away the person far away from this horrible movie
requiem for a dream
Reminds me of Hypnotoad from Futurama
It’s amazing to compare and contrast how charismatic James is compared to Doug.
smart trippy movie! art
Freddy Got Fingered?
It’s 100% Manos: Hands of Fate
Manos the hands of fate.
Any/all ‘Christian’ films.
Of course you can do worse than Phantom Menace, haven't you seen any of the sequels?
Probably one of the earliest creepypasta
Wavelength still seems like a better flim than Disaster Movie.
Wavelength actually looks more enjoyable to watch than the Star Wars Sequels...
I thought I wound hear Ishtar or Congo mentioned, but they're definitely bad in an entertaining way.
It’s the John Cage of filmmaking.
The most recent experimental torture, I´ve put myself through... I hate to say this, I know it´s got a LOT of fans and it´s critically acclaimed... But I want to be honest, because I couldn´t stand....: THE LIGHTHOUSE!
I enjoyed Freddie got fingered.  Me and my friends quote it all these years later
These are compelling arguments for worst film ever.
Cider House Rules, by far the worst movie ever. Just nothing about it is worth watching.
Star Wars: The Last Jedi
I'm about to watch this VHS movie called "The Wrong Man" starring John Lithgow. Made in 1992. I will see if it's going to be the worst movie ever watched.
The Batman obviously
R.O.T.O.R lol
Birdemic
*The Ring Thing (2004)* ! *WORST* movie EVER!! Google it! Don´t say I did not warn you! It made me think, I was going to go insane, too....
Reminds me a bit of "The Caretaker."
I see a new character born: the angry cinephile nerd
my worst movie so far is Begotten really, REALLY disturbing, but interesting  in pop culture, maybe Norbit
Is wavelength what created the AVGN?
It's like the movie form of aleatoric music.
Actium Maximus is still worse
"seven days"
I appreciate James' review of this, but I'm surprised that he didn't mention that at the beginning, it includes a brief snippet of Strawberry Fields Forever!
The worst movie there ever was, the worst of the worst of "so bad it's just plain bad" is probably that film Ralph The Movie Maker reviewed, "After Last Season" and this film in question was NOT avant-garde, it was an organized money laundering scheme that featured a multi-million dollar budget wherein no more than a hundred dollars was spent on the actual production!
This is just how regular TV looks in the backrooms realm.
Well I guess we can say that "worst" is very subjective. To me, Nolan's Dark Knight Rises is one of the worst movie ever made to me. I felt feverish watching it.
You've made me weirdly interested in watching Wavelength.
Nah either 'Lorenzo's Oil' or 'Eat Pray Love' are worse.
So I think what James just said was, Star Wars: Phantom Menace is the worst movie ever.
Manos the hands of fate is pretty bad. But you gotta watch it straight up to really experience how bad. No MST3K version
Thought he was gonna say Wicker man.
I was watching this on my phone and the high pitched sound scared my cat lol
For me, Movie 43 easily!!!👎👎
As my me ma once told me "everything is subjective"
My Uncle called Holmes and Watson the worst film he had ever seen. In response I loaned him my copies of Birdemic and Manos the Hands of Fate and told him to watch these.
CANNIBAL HOLOCAUST.   Worst film ever.
Oh man, this takes me back to when I specialised in video game studies at university; I specifically studied the works of Philip Glass and Robert Wilson, the man who made a 5 hour long opera with no intermissions called 'Einstein on the Beach' (produced nine years after James' "worst film ever" candidate) that was designed around hypnotic repetition and monotonous audio-visual sensations to induce strong "interior screen" emotions through an intentionally drawn-out lack of audience stimulation.  Their techniques which I applied to my final year game project  (which I ended up receiving top marks for lol) along with a dose of inspiration from Penn & Teller's Desert Bus, remind me so much of the sensations described in this video and it makes me think that it can't be the worst movie ever either, because the people who made this movie 'Wavelength' knew exactly what they were doing just as I did back in university.  And we both succeeded. 😈
Ghostbusters 2016 or any Disney Star Wars film.
"The room" probably the worst film for me.. "oh hi mark"
If I had to pick the worst animated Disney movie ever, I say it's a tie between Chicken Little and Mars Needs Moms.   The worst direct to video/dvd animated Disney sequel, it would be either Hunchback of Notredame 2 or Belles Magical World.
The House of Sand and Fog is the movie I hated the most.
Wall? You mean the windows? Because thats not a wall.
Three words…. My Left Foot . SMH 🤦🏻‍♂️
I think the worst movie i've ever seen is "Malignant" by James Wan
The worst I have seen was Manos, The Hands of Fate. I watched it with the MST3K crew telling their usual jokes, and it didn't entertain me because the movie was so awful with no payoff.
It's so bleak it makes me think of The Backrooms.
I walked out of two movies in the theater. “Rumble in the Bronx” and “Dangerous Ground”.   When you’ve spent money to see a film and you walk out before it’s even half way done, it’s a bad movie.
Wave length is an incredible master piece.. If you understand its meant to be watched on Acid...
The Stupids in my opinion wins the worst of the 90s movies.  Ever....
What an insightful video! Didn't expect this kind of a surprise. I like researching weird obscure and art house films and shorts and I've never even heard of this one. Nice background on your personal experience with it too. I also hate to admit it, but you just inspired me to be curious enough to check it out myself.
the avgn movie
Worst movie ever? Easy answer. Watch Ralph's video on After Last Season....... it really is next lvl awful!
What's your worst Hollywood film
'Star Wars: The Phantom Menace' is not too bad when you forget about Jar-Jar-
Hercules in New York us without a doubt the worst movie I have ever seen. (Aside from Plan 19, that is.)
The Sharknado franchise only has 6 sorry
That's easy. Any comedy with Bob Hope and Phyllis Diller. I was a teenager with my parents  staying in North Shore, Lake Tahoe. Local small theater. I walked out. Horrible...
I always used to say Slaughterhouse might be the worst movie I’ve ever seen.
We’ve also watched Wavelenght in filmschool...it really was pure torture. I had so many questions in my head when it was over...
Imagine finishing Wavelength only to go watch Empire for the next 8 hours/
What if you were literally watching paint dry?
2008's Disaster Movie to me is the worst movie.
I think you need to give honorable mention to Andy Warhol movie Empire.  It's an eight hour video of a view of the empire state building.  I personally think that is the worst.
😮
Dunedull and Bladeboring 2049.
I am kind of curious now what you think the worst theatrically released feature length film you've ever seen is.
Chronicles of Narnia
I wouldn't count an experimental film in a running for the worst movie. They're experimental not exactly for entertainment. I have seen absolutely horrendous movies, but my mind has a way of protecting me by forgetting the majority of the movie... sometimes even the name. I only remember hating it. The only one that I can remember, in a limited way, was Mortal Kombat: Annihilation.  ... no redeeming qualities. I did a little research about why it was so bad... and now I understand why.
1:21 even james rolfe cant ignore it lol
Yep, that is a torture device
Me: [Sees the title]  Me:... Epic Movie. It's Epic Movie. It's been 15 years. It hasn't been usurped.
I think art films like this cant really count- Its someone trying to prove a point not entertain. I was leaning towards the films of a mister Neil Breen lol ----- maybe ask Mark from Fanboyflicks I assure you he will have a better worst worst to share - He has reviewed some real trash.
Dragon Ball Evolution. A complete disaster.
The worst movie I had ever seen was _Starship Troopers 2: Hero of the Federation._  My taste has changed a lot in the last 10 years, and I've come to be able to appreciate a lot more than I used to, so a part of me suspects that if I went back and re-watched it, I might not think it was quite so bad. But the experience I had was so negative, I doubt I'll ever give it that chance.  And _Starship Troopers 3: Marauder_ was not much better.
Ok but Freddy Got Fingered is completely hilarious.
I would argue Wavelength isn’t even a “movie”
I just bought the blue ray extended version with extra commentary. Thought it was awesome. Lol !
There are sooooo many bad movies released every day. For example Army of The Dead. Excruciatingly terrible.
Well, at least Wavelength has more action than Desert Bus.
Batman Returns is one of the worst movies ever made
For me, the worst film I've ever seen is "The Beast of Yucca Flats". Was hoping for a campy, schlocky Tor Johnson vehicle, but what I got was just pain.
Me: Hey, Zoro, how did you like that movie "Wavelength"?  Zoro (arms crossed): N-Nothing happened.
A bad Eddie Murphy film? I have to check if I haven´t seen any thing from this actor, because I like a lot his films.
The worst movie ever made is easily "I'm thinking of ending things."
Eat pray love
For me, the worst movie is those that i do not remember. An example: The Bounty Hunter (2010). I watched the whole movie. And i don't remember a single thing about the plot. Not even if you held a gun to my head, could i tell you what happened in that movie. All i remember: It was a romcom. Jennifer Aniston and some dude was there. And there was a car chase. Thats it.
James your movie is on my worst ever list
After Last Season from 2009 is the worst piece of junk I've ever seen.
Worst movie ever : Battleship
People still think Phantom Menace is the worst movie?
The Wikipedia article for this film cites an overwhelming amount of praise for this film. I don’t get it.
The Matrix: Resurrections is the worst I've seen for many years.
It gave James a negative enough feeling he talked about it 20ish years later. That’s not nothing
Beats any star wars film
North, with Elijah Wood is the worst film I've ever seen. Catwoman was close 2nd for me.. You've been warned
At Least it's not a Jumpscare.
I might like the film if they would run Dark Shadows credits and closing music somewhere in the final 3rd.  hee!   Nice video.
obviously james has never seen Robin Hood: Ghosts of Sherwood 😅
"Nothing but trouble"
The Angry Video Game Nerd movie
those government mk mind control videos from the 50s leaked out.
Wasn't the government using films like this during their LSD experiments in the 60's?
Ring Of Terror
Hated every second of The last airbender movie.
What were they thinking?!
Gab by Paul O. If you're a fan of Opie and Anthony or Ron and Fez you will know about it.
What I felt watching Pauly Shore's Biodome.
howling 3
Maybe the 'Wavelength' film was just to show how bad a video could be so you'd appreciate better films? idk. I hope people analyze my video games one day at least as much as this odd experimental film.
Really interesting video, thank you for saving us the trouble of watching it. XD seems interesting enough as an experimental piece. Sick.
Jack and Jill and the last Matrix movie are the worst movies
Honey 2. The worst movie ever made is Honey 2 (I've never seen Honey, or Honey 3, nor will I ever, so there's that).
Color wave length, Sound wave length, Light wave length
Matrix resurrections gets my gold medal. Prometheus gets silver.
Backrooms 67
ghostbusters 2016.... end of story! wost ever!
my personal worst will have to be "Killing them softly". No entertainment value at all
If you can have a discussion about a movie, than it's not the worst movie
I'm not trying to be funny, sincere question: I wonder how Wavelength would play for somebody on hallucinogens. Is it possible that it was made for that purpose?
WOw i just found epic movie rated as one of the worst movies but i love that movie
For me its the 2012 movie cause the effects are so bad and the overall movie is just lame as f.
Look up Trash Humpers from 2009.
There’s an abomination called “Battlefield Earth” that wins the worst movie title!
You can tell James is an actual decent critic by the way he can find value even in the things he hates.
Nope, it still is spider-man no way home.
Backrooms
Contact.  “I stood up in the theater and said ‘NO!  You can’t go into space, because the machine got blown up by Jake-Cock-A-Doodie-BUSEY’!”
What is the worst mainstream movie that has zero redeeming qualities?
My measure for the worst film is if I can actually finish it or not. The worst one has probably been Manos: the Hands of Fate. I've watched The Room so many times I've lost count, I love terrible movies, but Manos is the kind of bad where it's hard to finish. Perhaps I just need to finish it, but based on what I've seen it seems as if people just want to find a movie that's as great as The Room and Manos is just not that.  The only other two films that I've had trouble finishing were Birdemic and The Snowman, the latter I just couldn't deal with because I'm an editor and it has the most obnoxious editing.
Popular opinion: The Room is better than Morbius. You are tearing me apaaaaart Leto!😂😂😂
The worst film ever for me is Night of the Comet
Ok james, you got me...I was like "it can't be a bad movie, I can sit there watching it" THEN that noise...nah brah..thats my breaking point...
Devoid of any entertainment factor, huh? Ghostbusters 2016 and Kathleen Kennedy's Star Wars trilogy. :)
Shock Treatment
I've actually heard of that film via film classes but never saw it. I'd say the worst for myself was the Asylum mockuster, Transmorphers. It was a challenge to watch and it was not enjoyable. I've gained immunity to anything people deem bad as a result XD
Mortal Kombat annihilation
It sounds like the movie had  a real impact on you which is kind of the purpose of most art, so I think there are worse movies out there.
😂😂😂
Jaws 4... Star Wars 7, 8, 9.. Meatballs 2... all candidates.
The Star Wars sequals were the worst imho
Suicide Squad and Batman vs Superman
there are lots of worst movies then star wars part 1.  "attack of the killer tomatoes" tops that movie
I can think of a handful of worse movies than Wavelength but I won't mention them here because they need to die and never be found.
The new Pinocchio movie should definitely be up there
Colossal would come close. One of the only movies that made me angry watching it. The main character is irredeemable and by the end she is applauded for being irredeemable.
Wavelength feels like a shitpost from today that found its way into the 70s
The Angry Video Nerd
Worst movie ever: "Street Trash".  Nevermind, its definitely "WAVELENGTH"
Worst episode ever.
Hey I know what killed that person that walk in. Boredom of the crazy they were filming.
When reviewing the worst, you don't do your best, but your worst.
If Gintama hadn't officially ended in both Manga and animation, I'd ask for an episode dedicated to making fun of this movie.  Cast should be odd Jobs three, Shinsengumi trio, Madao, Prince Baka, and Yagyu Kyuubei's blind bodyguard.
The Matt Damon and Greg Kinnear Stuck on You about them being conjoined twins is the worst movie I have ever seen. I could not finish it.
I wonder how the professors endured watching Wavelength semester after semester for many years.
Wow this sounds awful.
The worst movie I've ever seen (until now) was an 80's action movie which involved the yakuza, I can't remember the title.
The Desert Bus of film.
I love when James sits and basically has a chat with us.
this is great james. just talking about movies, it's all i want!!
When the dead go to die is probably the worst movie Why? It’s illegal
For me, Jeepers Creepers 3. I hated that movie. I really really hated that movie. It should have been called Jeepers Creepers 1 1/2.
I saw this back in film school too, in '77. It was kinda like taking acid, which, incidentally, we were.
Well I still haven't bothered to see the one between the planet sized death star one and the one with empire ships with death star cannons attached to their friggan heads so I guess that's the worst movie.
Independence Day 2
And because of this video now everyone will be talking about this film. Lol
Im actually a big fan of Avant Garde, Z-Movies, and Awful SOV films. Without a doubt tho, that Tom Cruise movie "Vanilla Sky" is the absolute worst big budget film Ive ever seen. Ive had others tell me that too.
Hobo With a Shotgun 'nuff said
I rented Troll 2 in the late 90s or so. It's not the worst movie I've ever seen, but it's the one I use as a comparison to the very few movies I've ever turned off. "I watched all the way through Troll 2, but I turned off Chicago."
I loved the Master of Disguise.
I bet Ricky 1
Pluto Nash Rocks!
Gisli is really bad so that’s my vote.
What did you think of Rachel Getting Married? I'll admit I could not really watch it to the end. On a different note Sans Soleil was given to me and I had to give it back. There are occasionally nice shots here and there but I thought it was random and pretentious.
The ace Ventura with the kid is the worse movie ever made
napoleon Dynamite it is very bad
Saturday the 14th haunts me to this day.
Batman and Robin 1997 is the worst.
This movie is just a camera, just nothing in picture just a blank empty room
For me is hard to point out a worst movie, but Godzilla from 1999 is probably the movie that I hate the most.
The New Guy (2002) & Orca (1977) are the 2 most repugnant films I can ever remember watching. In my opinion, they're easily the worst of the worst, but somehow get overlooked when talking about the worst films ever made. Does anyone else agree?
How dare Freddy Got Fingered even get mentioned in this. How dare you James XD.
Sounds like a horror movie. Nothing happens and there's great suspense xD
If you want excremental movies, some italian rip-offs are countenders to hold « the worst movie » title. Like Ator (Conan rip-off) or Shocking Dark (Aliens rip-off). Those are bad in spades.
I just looked  up Wavelength to see what info turned up.Turns out its somehow considered by critics "one of the best Canadian movies ever made". Either the movie industry is full of self congratulating blowhards or we are all just too dumb to get it.
...instantly rushes to watch Wavelength.
Catwoman
Jack and Jill?
Blood Gnome. The answer is Blood Gnome.
Honestly this movie “Wavelength” actually sounds kind of interesting, like a nauseating existential liminal horror.
Small dose Mk ultra experience
The Pest with John Leguizamo was the worst thing I've ever seen.
I've seen some  pretty odd films when I took film classes one that to me was just disturbing  was An Andalusian Dog directed Salvador Dali.
Kiss that wierd phantom of the park bullsh%^ movie they made in the 70's
The room.....obviously he is just ignoring it
I don't know. It sounds like might have Wavelength accomplished what it was aiming to accomplish. It made you feel something and appreciate everything that came after it. 4.5/5 stars.
Angry Video Game Nerd: The Movie, has to be at least a top contender according to Rotten Tomatoes anyways.  Or anyone who's ever seen it.  Or by objective fact.  ...  It's just the worst.
Why not do a worst movie that isn't amateur? This was a rather disappointing video. I mean you could have picked a video of paint drying on YouTube and it woulda been the same.
Took him awhile to get to the point, but it was cool hearing about this wavelength film. It sounds horrible lol 😆
Avatar. Next question please.
Andy Warhol empire is just a shot of the Empire State Building and it’s 8hrs long so why is that flim considered a classic?
Bog Creatures
I thought "You Were Never Really Here" was quite awful. I couldn't even tell you what it was about.
6:18 top 10 anime plot twists
I am sure some people consider Wavelength a masterpiece haha.
Best and worst are subjective, so there's no way to objectively choose one either way. But you can categorize movies for objective issues like budget, plot, etc.
War Horse. War Horse is the worst movie ever.
The Road To Wellville, Max Payne, Legend of Chun Li Street Fighter, Mortal Kombat Annihilation, and wasn't there a movie that was 22 hours long or something and it was just the Empire State building
Andy Warhol recorded an 8 hour film of a single continuing shot of the Empire State Building.
this video made me crazy
DBE. Probably one of the most offensive bad films to ever exist.
That would be the AVGN movie.
Quicksilver highway based on the novel
Watching Yoko Ono's 'Fly' and 'Rubber' comes close to Wavelength
This was a terrible video, I have a feeling his Film Professors hated him
Sounds like an ‘MK Ultra’ brainwashing flick
Copper Mountain starring Jim Cary and Alan Thicke
Worst movie for me is Breaker! Breaker! starring Chuck Norris
Gods of Egypt
There are 3 types of bad movies. One type is a bad but entertaining guilty pleasure movie, another is a so bad it’s hilarious movie, and the third type is it’s just so bad.
Given the title and when this video came out, I was low key expecting a Morbius review.
So the worst movie to AVGN is video modern art.  Atheism begat modern art, because both treat nothing as sacred.
Young Einstein.
Who would do something like that? Gaspar Noe.
ironically james is responsible for one of the worst movies ever lol
if the caretaker made films instead of music
Golden Ninja Warrior, Daniel der Zauberer, Brotreich
Need an Angry Movie Nerd lol
"Wavelength:" "Making 'watching grass grow' and 'watching paint dry' enjoyable..."
Freddy got fingered is a dadaist masterpiece.
I mean at least you didn't have to watch that 8 hour movie EMPIRE you mentioned in Desert Bus. The only thing that happens in that movie is eventually the sky gets dark and the lights come on. Then turn off
Super Mario bros. is the worst ever.
I'd say the AVGN movie. You ever watched that one? I would but I refuse.
AVGN Movie is definitely in this conversation.  A mini holocaust of expectations.  So bad it's bad.
Freddy Got Fingered is an absolute gem.
Nah dude there are madmen who watch videos like that in full
Wavelength sounds like the perfect movie for George Costanza.  George - "No no no! Nothing happens!"
✌️
Contact.  Worst movie ever.
I actually thought James’ personal worst film was TMNT III.
Blood shack AKA The Chopper is nothingness defined!
Still not as Bad as Hudson Hawk.
Probably the AVGN movie
Phantom Menace is entertaining, sure, it’s kid centric but still fun. The Last Jedi was a lecture, destroying beloved characters & introducing insufferable ones. The lesson from it  is: blindly obey authority figures & it killed the most profitable IP in history. So it clearly is, the worse movie ever.
i wonder how the credits look? less then a sentence.🤣
I love listening to james talk about film so much
Maybe everything going White was the soul leaving the dead man's body?
The Last Jedi. Franchise killer.
Wavelength is art man , I wrote a paper on it in English class and got a B . Professor thought I was nuts , but understood my perspective of events as what you see can be interpreted depending on what you see and hear and this can either be a happy place or a nightmare .
I actually liked wavelength
To be honest the worst movie I've ever seen is Star Wars episode 2
Great video
Probably some hippies filming their lsd hallucinations little realizing that the things they think they're filming aren't really there.
Worst movie for me?  Probably Disaster Movie.  It's a comedy that I didn't laugh at even once.  It had 0 entertainment value.  Kinda hard to get worse than that.
harry potter without a doubt
I watched Wavelength last night beginning to end, eventually I started hallucinating!
This movie seems to be an elaborate troll
I think Batman & Robin is more entertaining than The Batman (2022)
Worst film ever made? Easy, any of the Fast & Furious or Fifty Shades Of Grey films.
Freddy got fingered is not a bad movie, and anybody who considers it bad is braindead
Gary Busey, Jodie Foster, a 1980 movie called Carny. 👎
For me the worst movie ever is AVGN the movie. I still love AVGN though.
The Last Jedi.
I’d say Suicide Squad 2016 is possibly the worst thing I’ve ever seen in the cinema.
Well now you've made me want to watch Wavelength.
That truly does feel awful
This is actually terrifying
So it's a bad movie that's literally as enjoyable as watching a wall?
My mind always goes to The Neverending Story 3. I know there are probably worse movies, but I REALLY hate The Neverending Story 3. Shoulda just stopped at 1.
The worst Movie I've ever seen, was "House of the Dead"😖🤯. So BAD!!🤢. (Sorry, my englisch is bad too😂).
Personally, though I have seen many films objectively worse, the ones I consider to be at the bottom not only have zero entertainment value to me, but seem tailor-made to aggravate me in my seat with no redeeming qualities whatsoever (objective or subjective), beyond being an example of how not to make your movie. Halloween: Resurrection, Mamma Mia and the live action Cat in the Hat spring to mind as prime examples.
Can someone please explain the room fandom to me
The Last Jedi. It destroyed the Soy Wars franchise.
I'd say one the worst movies ever is "Brain Dead" from 1990
I would never want to meet the people who praise this thing since I have a feeling I would hate being around those people.
Battlefield earth isn’t THAT bad, I’ve seen a lot worse.   And my worse film is always White Noise.
When you mentioned the sound and filters i thiught: Well, those have also different wave lengths. Pun torture movie!
How dare you call Freddie got fingered a bad film it was a masterpiece 😆😆😆
Phantom Menace isn't even close to a bad film in my opinion.  Also, my least favourite film is Dream One.
Wavelength really does look like torture
I think you got MKUltra'd with that Wavelength movie James.
I agree!
ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE is the worst movie ever!
is that. ...Pillsbury dough boy on the wall?
Aeon Flux is the worst movie ever made.
wall simulator :the movie
their are so many bad movies now James and some are just recent like matrix resurrection and Star Wars the rise of skywalker and morbius
James survived a film made for MKUltra
That Wavelength "film" looks like some sort of CIA MK Ultra experiment or something, like the film equivalent of Polybus.
Catwoman
Children of the living dead is one of the worse films I’ve ever seen, however it’s so bad it’s funny, which makes it entertaining
I got more enjoyment out of Wavelength then I did out of The Exorcist II
So, Wavelength is the *Desert Bus of cinema?* So little happens that even a guy falling over seems exciting, like those bugs splattering on the windscreen of the bus.
3 words "Son of Superbug"
Dragonball Evolution. So bad it almost killed me.  No seriously, I almost died watching. Not a shitpost here.
The House of the Dead movie loosely based on the Sega videogame is the worst movie I have ever seen.
Probably the cinem….. na I’m just kidding
Thanks again James and Mike
Glad he mentioned Master of Disguise, that's one of the worst wide release movies I've seen in a theater. There's something about a painfully unfunny comedy
you made one lol
As far as major releases go, The Texas Chainsaw Massacre Part 2 is my personal worst. For less known movies, The Amazing Bulk is just awful! The Pest gets an honorable mention!
1 movie came to mind instantly lol frankenhooker
Strawberry Estates. Worst movie I've ever seen.
Transporter 3
The Suicide Squad was the worst movie I’ve ever seen
alien 3 is the worst movie!!!
Troll 2
I haven’t seen it, but the Angry Video Game Movie seems to be at the top of the list.
Street Fighter: The Movie(1994)
I would say Freddy Got Fingered is definitely one of the worst movies ever made
Who on earth would ever say phantom menace is the worst film? That’s one of my favorite Star Wars films.
John Water's Pink flamingos for sure. Was like watching a movie in an alternate reality.
Maybe the title of the film isn’t just referring to the picture. Maybe it’s also referring to the high pitched sound too. If that’s true than it’s a double meaning. And as for me The Cat In the Hat was highly horrible ( is the worst film that I ever saw theatrically), but for me the worst film that I ever saw is called I Married A Vampire. It’s a real stinker. It’s like a well-known director released his or her own awfully home-made movies and they were handheld. And while the trailer on YouTube makes it look and seem interesting, trust me. I Married A Vampire truly STINKS!
Wavelength sounds like it was made for interrogations
This was a very weak answer. Clearly this isn't a movie.
Manos the hands of fath, even MST3K couldnt even give it justice, and they had the worst u can get. Also the guys at red letter media.. who did start the whole Bruce  Wills sick thing
Have you seen Morbius?
i love bad films, schlock, but you know the  one  that really rubs me the wrong way?   The Apple (1980)
The AVGN movie.
Morbius ?
The worst one I've personally seen was The Rider (2017), but really most of the films I saw in that film studies class are contenders.
Me. Give My Regards to Broadstreet by Paul McCartney and Wonderwall 1968..Hope you can check it out
Plan 9 from outer space or Pink Flamingos... hard choice.
There are films with runtimes' measured in days. I can't imagine they'd be much fun to watch.
I've seen The Amazing Bulk, The Room, Birdemic, Shark Exorcist, Disaster Movie, all pretty bad but nothing comes close to a movie called Things from 1989....worst movie ever.
I kinda like this movie
Wavelength is basically the Desert Bus of movies.
If they turned Friends into a movie the answer would be easy
these kinds of questions are really weird because people who have not seen dogshit B movies with no redeeming qualities go with a big pop culture movie that disappointed them instead of something truly irredeemable
This film rivals Warhol’s Empire (1965), and was possibly made as a response. Not sheer length, but the noise…
Laser Mission. Definitely the worst move ever. The Journey: Absolution is a close second.
Why tf was I watching this video?
THE GIRL WITH THE DRAGON TATTOO.  the end
Human Centipede 3 is the worst film I have ever seen. It’s just so unbelievably grotesque it’s not even entertaining. It was exhausting.
Master of disguise was HORRIBLE.
Cats
The worst film I’ve ever rented from Blockbuster was 1972’s “Invasion of the Blood Farmers”. It was a VHS tape, but in one of those extra large cardboard boxes (a bad sign for sure). Acting, camera work, plot… so bad it wasn’t fun. But 20 years on, I still laugh about how much I hated it, so it wasn’t all bad I guess. :)
Like rise of skylwalker.
Angry movie nerd series? 😉
How can it be the worst film. It's got a soundtrack by The Beatles!
0:16 Carpet Stain!!
I've never seen anything as bad as your Wavelength description.  Worst for me was Dinosaur Island.  It was really bad; we laughed a lot.
The Last Jedi was pretty bad.
Krippendorf's Tribe
Wavelength is the original Backrooms.
What's the worst youtube video ever? Maybe a video about Wavelength..
This reminds me of listening to Iannis Xenakis, Karlheinz Stockhausen, etc.
Masters of the universe 1987
“Face Off” with Nicolas Cage and John Travolta was pretty bad. Leaving Las Vegas was just simply awful!
Does anyone know the name of the background music? It's so chill
Reminds me of craps last tape….
Rolfe, you HAVE to see After Last Season. After seeing ralphthemoviemaker's review of it, I'd love to see your reaction.
It's probably entertaining if you're high or something
Went to see Uwe Boll's House of the Dead... 45mins in.. we got up and left the cinema... worst piece of trash ever.
Best worst movie? Mention "The Room" Please 🥺
KEEP FREDDY GOT FINGERED OUT YO MOUF!
10:48 who says Star Wars the Phantom Menace is the worst movie ever made? It’s not even the worst Star Wars movie, IMO.
Worst movie has to be Independence Day.  Piece of trash.
The worst video I've ever saw is this 😡👎🔥🔥🔥🔥!
Copper Mountain. Jim Carrey is in it.
That movie that Nicholas Cage has a bee allergy.
Samurai cop is another the worst film.
The worst film I ever saw was Star Wars, Episode 8. And after that anything made by the troll known as Uwe Boll.
It's called Things
No mention of The Room? You're tearing me apart Angry Nerd!
Blues brothers 2000
Haha, the movie had a body count
The photo should have been a picture of the opening shot lol
Cool
Demonchild 666 was pretty bad
Wavelength sounds pretty interesting tbh
What about the movie Gravity??????
Angry Video Game Nerd: The Movie. Not even trolling either I'm dead serious.
May I cause discourse. If you can see the movie to discuss it, it means you felt so many emotions that you reflect. Is there any movie that it's so bad you can't even discuss it?
If you say trolls 2 I'll find you and fight you in your driveway
Mine is HARD CANDY It's the worst vomitive cheap nightmare made film.
Attack of the Killer Tomatoes.  So bad I liked it.
Angry Video Game Nerd: The Movie?
It's crazy just seeing the clips for some reason I was picturing that noise it feels like some kind of negative psychological test just an overall I totally get what you mean when you say come out paranoid like you might have gone a little bit insane for a minute...
That, uh, "movie" feels less like a pretentious snobby "AAAAHHHHHHRT" film, and more like a new method of psychological torture.
This did get me thinking. What if this really was someone's wierd fever dream that actually meant more to him than one thinks and he just badly wanted to preserve that memory before he dies?
Irreversible is still worse
The Blair Witch
The worst film I’ve ever seen was The Drawn Together Movie: The Movie 🤮
Awesome vídeo
"I remember it, so you don’t have to"
Wavelength gives me Desert Bus vibes. Like it would be something people would watch for charity.
Your movie was the worst ever 😆🤦‍♂️😆
Zardoz, Troll 2, or Manos: The Hands of Fate
Ghostbusters 2016
Hmm, I think this should have been concentrated on mainstream cinema movies imho
Best Movie ever = Troll 2
This reminds me of a Japanese film called Neko-Mimi. I  even had to mute my TV!
The angry video game nerd should do a review on the last of us 2
islands  of dog  this is worst movie  i have   seen in movie
For me it is meet the spartans of happy death 2 u 2.
I thought James worst movie was TMNT 3
Ishtar Warren Beaty and Dustin Hoffman
I thought avgns worst movie he ever saw was turtles 3
The Head Return’s is pretty bad James.
For me it's Master of Disguise.Worst attempt at humor ever
A Serbian Film is the worst movie in my opinion.
Billy the wizard wii
Angry Video Game Nerd: The Movie would have to be the worst movie.  James, have you seen it?  It is really bad.
I once had to sit through the movie “summer catch” on mushrooms, it was literal torture…
The dead don’t die is legitimately the worst film I’ve ever watched .
The Craft 2
I was expecting Waterworld, or Cocktail. This is another level 🤯
The Ten 2007. A comedy vignette involving random people disobeying the Ten Commandments,
The Phantom Menace has probably the best lightsaber fight in cinema, and PODRACING!
Seems like some b.s. some student cooked up to get an assignment done. 😎😉😆
The AVGN movie is the worst MOVIE EVER!
rifftrax couldnt even make that video funny
Donnie Darko 2
Was rooting for TMNT3
Dragonball Evolution
Who Killed Captian Alex, Wakaliwood
I wouldn't even count that as a movie, honestly.  Does it only count because it was released theatrically?
I just watch wavelength o sh#× what 45 min totally mind f**k I felt like I was seeing things that's wasn't there
Lots of fun seeing you at too many games last weekend.
DUDE U DID NOT EVEN  MENTION ATTACK ON TITAN MOVIE........................ THATS A MUST SEE!!!
How about Bio-Dome?
That film sounds badass! It's not feature length though.
Riki-Oh: The Story of Ricky.  From Lam Ngai Kai, Hongkong 1991.
I'm not sure, James. You played that high pitched noise and my dog literally paused eating and just gave me the weirdest look I've ever seen. Seems like an effective film to me.
I feel like there are probable hundreds of experimental films like Wavelength that are bad. Quantifying a universally bad movie that was made with the intent of making money in Hollywood seems more challenging to do
I had a similar experience in a noise music concert. I hated it, I never feel that bad listening to "music" or for r experiencing any piece of art. I really hits different when a piece of "art" makes you feel bad for its lack of content instead of its content.
If we're talking theatrical releases, the worst movie has GOT to be a "comedy". Probably one of the "...Movie" movies
Now I see where Kane Pixels got the inspiration to make his Backrooms series.
Avater the last airbender.
I tried doing the Mr Freeze drinking game, and spent a few weeks in an alcoholic coma. Not really, but I'm sure someone did.
Im gonna watch it...
You can do worse. Example : The Last Jedi hahahaa
To me, it's Zombie Nation (2004). I was tricked by the cover art. No enjoyment at all.
For some reason, just because of the videos release date, I thought he was going to say Morbius was the worst haha
Movie 43 is hands down the worst film ever made.
Id say the worst movie ive ever seen is begotten, is on Youtube so you can watch it if you want
Lovely video
Great call on the documentary Best Worst Movie, your recs are always amazing.....can you do a top 10 favorite documentaries??
Well i know what i'm watching to tonight kinda spoiled it but i'll get the popcorn out👍
I think the Italian Godzilla aka Cozzilla might be one the worst films ever next to Manos, Final Justice, and Matrix Resurrection.
Twilight, any of them.
For me it would be Empire from Andy Warhol, 8 hours of one take of the Empire State building
Worst film I've seen is Da Hip Hop Witch (2000). It's unbelievably bad. Not even funny.
If you want to see a bad movie watch KILLER NERD.   NOTHING compares.
Avgn the movie is on my top 10
The most entertaining bad film because the editing is so bad would be Bidemic. And its complete lack of self awareness
Hmm wavelength might be a torture to watch, but it does moves you emotionally. So in a way, it is art. The worst films in my opinion are movies that don't move you in any way. The reason that you don't remember such a movie is because you probably forgot.
Funny how you go on IMDb to check trivia for some insight on Wavelength (1967) and... one of five pieces of trivia is "James Rolfe talked about it on April 6th, 2022".
Today's movies are the worse. More because of what they do than don't. But they also seem to lack anything human. And just overdo a bunch of advertising and political propoganda
Was that film made to torture people.
The Legend of the Titanic is one of the worst flims ever
The Feast movie series in horror was just a f*&%kin' waste to watch.
Great video. Interesting take. Thanks.
Wavelength sounds awesome to be honest. Nothing wrong with a bit of anti-art now and then.
As a highly intellectual stoner, I must point out that James missed the point.  The movie isn’t about the visual art, it’s about the philosophical art.
Oh James. You forgot to take your LSD before watching.  Wavelenght. BEST MOVIE EVER.
The worst actual movie is Ballistic: Ecks vs. Sever.
what's up with the weird background music
Dark Star (1974)
Not the worst, but 'Jaws' is probably my least favourite.
Ecks vs sever has to be down there
I remember my mom and I leaving the theater during Shadowlands. I dont remember a thing about it, other than I was almost in tears from boredom.
This movie is like Desert Bus with anything EVEN SLIGHTLY anything different from the sanity draining monotony will instantly spark excitement.
The best worst movies can be summed with one name:  Neil Breen
Troll 2 <3
My worst film is donnie darko
skyline gets my vote I just can't stand it watched it in theaters so predictable and blah
The Happening by M. Night
Looks like the scariest movie ever...
Yo… Foodfight?
Is man's the hands of fate entertaining at all?
Angry Video Game Nerd: The Movie would have to be the worst movie.  James, have you seen it?  It is really bad.
Worst movie ever: Southland Tales,  my opinion, and I notoriously like bad movies.
did you check out dünyayı kurtaran adam "the man who saved the world" ?
Wavelength feels like a cold war era brainwashing experiment
Probably one of mine, idk.
James, I'm sorry to say it as I really like and respect you, but I kinda feel like you failed me here. If this is the worst movie ever, how the h**l did you make me so interested in it? Now I wanna see it! :D
the worst movie ever is " bigfoot", check out this snooze fest...nah, i'm joking: dont.
Piranha 3DD
Wavelength is uncomfortable to watch even with the sound off, it feels like a constant build up to a Jumpscare
To be honest, there is no objective "worst" film ever because "bad" is an inherently subjective criterion. As The Grinch once put it, "One man's toxic sludge is another man's potpourri." Quite aptly, people seem to hate the 2000s Grinch movie, I on the other hand think it's an unmitigated Christmas classic.
Phantom Menace is one thing, but if you gave me a choice between Rise of Starwalker and this, I'd have to give it a serious thought
It looks like the backrooms
You should watch "Begotten".
You spoiled the whole plot, James! :p
The worst movie of alltime is STARSHIP TROOPERS 2: HERO OF THE FEDERATION.
The matrix resurrections..
The AVGN movie is up there
plot twist: It was just the surveillance camera.
Watching Wavelength, or a really woke movie... Hrm.. Honestly it's a really tough call.
Before I die, I want to see "The Day the Clown Cried."  I have to know.
Ask me what it means! Ask me what it means!
It's Fine! Everything Is Fine! by Crispin Glover is my worst film choice.
To be fair the AVGN movie is to be considered 🤕
If we're talking about budget compared to product, it's still Ghostbusters 2016.   NO CONTEST
I love videos like this. Never heard of this film before, fascinating.
Birdemic was just bad.
Blood thirsty butchers.
The Eternals takes top rank as the worst movie in history!
KNOCK KNOCK with Keanu Reeves is the worst movie I’ve seen in a while.
Are you sure this movie isn't a video by Local 58?
Eva the Savage Venus
really welcoming your return to this form of content, James :)  never had anything against Justin and Kieren and I still don't.  I actually enjoyed the podcast.  But you're why we're all here haha  Keep doing what you love and wishing nothing but the best to you and your family
Alien Beasts (1991) - Written and Directed By Carl J. Sukenick
zOMBIE 90...
Bad movies are better than bad games cuz bad games are usually unplayable while a bad movie is hilarious
Pink Flamingos? I was hosting a movie party and my friend recommend this one as a movie that we all needed to see. Hence, my next movie party was in very low attendance...  Also, I need to share my hatred here for "Gangs of New York"
Almost all?
Im going to have to go with "Bad Taste" ... That movie wa just.... well.... it was just....
To me, any movie Will Smith is in is the worst movie I ever saw. I can't even look at that guy anymore.
I thought you meant Wavelength from the early 80s.
The Last Star Wars one, for me.
Battlefield Earth because of leverage.
CANT WAIT to torture my wife buy making her watch Wavelength
Game equivalent: Desert Bus Musical equivalent: Metal Machine Music Literary Equivalent: All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy
I think another criteria you should consider is that the movie would have to have been released to the public, as in at theaters with tickets for sale, or home video for sale. Student films shouldn’t be considered.
You really made me appreciate bad movies, especially from your Halloween videos.
Wikipedia says this is considrred one of the greatest underground arthouse movies.  I dread to see the not so great ones
please don't make a noise like that anymore. I seriously think you heard my ears.
Maybe the movie is just some kind of insult
Morbius
What about Empire? Andy Warhol's 8 and a half hour movie of a slowmotion panning shot of the Empire State Building
That Wavelengths movie sounds like a Backrooms video.
vinyl, an a pre kubrick adaption of a clockwork orange by andy warhol filmed in the corner of his apartment with his hungover friends as the cast
I sat through Wave Length in its entirety years ago. I dunno why :D
Noah (2014)
I’m happy I didn’t have to watch this in film school
This actually sounds super interesting. And it made you feel something. Which is the purpose of art. The worst film would be something that makes you feel nothing.
I'm angry just thinking about this
Bowfinger 🤢🤮 is the worst film ever
It's purely subjective. EVERYONE has their one "worst movie", so not everyone is correct.
The high-pitched wavelength killed the man getting near the house and the woman who called the cops was deaf.
Lol you wanna watch a horrible recent movie? Watch Killer Couch!
the avgn movie.  If the movie was my son I would put up for adoption and buy better children
Hudson Hawk is my #1.  Nothing redeemable about it, just an awful, forgettable movie.
snow shark is my worst movie ever
I must say, the worst movie i ever watched is Starship Troopers 2" (ok, and 3)....First is awesome, the other two are gigantic turds.
Masters of the universe wins for me.
5:13 Why have the conversation afterward? Not during? Only asking for that film specifically
I have no idea why is this movie even included in 1001 Movies You Must Watch Before You Die. Maybe it's a death sentence.
UARTS represent!
"Let me tell you about this Film"  Yes James please do!!!
Worst film for me was called dragon wars.
Dragon Ball Evolution for me
Wavelength at least has artistic merit, it's a conversation piece.   The flat-out worst movie in recent memory has to be Space Jam 2.
The Babysitter (1995) starring Alicia Silverstone  I don't even want to pretend you should watch it even as a joke. I'd feel legitimately bad tricking anyone into watching it
Caddy shack 2, worst film ever
How about the AVGN movie?
mine is eternals last year
Deadpool
GAAASP!   GHOSTBUSTERS 2016!!!
Freddy got fingered was funny as Hel, dark and ludicrous but funny.
I have watch B movies, even movies like thankskilling, but if I have to choose it would be "twilight"
The worst movie in my opinion ever made is Birth of a Nation from 1915 its bad in another way (if you know you know).
Cats
The Super Mario Bros movie because it took everything we loved about the game and took a dump on it. Kinda like season 7&8 of game of thrones.
The Monkees movie 🍿 called Head director was Jack Nicholson was the worst movie I ever saw😦 it was nothing like the television show.
The worst movie ever is David Lynch's 'Inland Empire'. It's unmatchable.
Easy. Escape Plan 3 is the worst
16 critics and 3 directors in the British Film Institute rated Wavelength as one of the 10 greatest films ever made.
The worst movie ever made...... House of the Dead.
It has more plot than Transformers 2 still...
I thought Ricky 1 was the worst one you've talked about
I honestly thought he was just gonna say Ghostbusters Answer the Call cuz he wouldn’t watch it at all
The one that entertains the least amount of people
"Get out"
Crippled Masters. It's a painfully long Kung Fu movie.
I'd love to see James react to Too Many Cooks
Woah woah woah Freddy got fingered was one of my favorites growing up.
The worst movie you’ve ever seen is the movie you don’t even remember seeing.
Anything from Marvel
Casablanca
For me the worst movie is hard candy with ellen page, horrible horrible movie, it's just unbearable
Totally branch out and watch art house movies. Except Sweet Movie. Don’t watch Sweet Movie.
Kangaroo jack.
i would like to nominate Suburban Knights (2011) as the worst film
Considering that for a lot of people, the answer to "What is the worst movie you ever saw?" is "The movie YOU made.", I'd imagine that's not so much a "hard question to ask" as it is a "hard pill to swallow".
Do the other photos on the walls that it zooms into describe the plot at all? Like to describe who kills the lady? If so, kinda smart lol
Respect for James raises to levels I didn't know I had.
Who's going to watch that Wavelength movie now? :p
Rise of Skywalker is much worse than Phantom Menace. We need to update that statement.
The best worst movie for me is The Room
I can't say I've seen it but I am a fan of this type of work. I can't see how you can say it makes you feel all these dynamic feelings and warps your brain in this way but still call it devoid of any value
8:33 my cat ran out of the room when that played
Red Zombie and Terror from The Toilet were by far the worst.  It looks like some highschool kid made this with his parent's camcorder with his friends in their backyard.
i remember people telling me "Dinner With Andre"  was the worst movie ever, but i actually liked it alot
The Godfather
A video about The Predator 2018 ?!
thats the worst movie? geeze id rather play Desert Bus
I think "The Beast From Yucca Flats" from 1961 is one of the worst movies ever made.
The sickest is that i bet someone love the film
I can top this - threads 1984. That's true pain and it's not a "bad" movie
Freddy Got Fingered!? No way!!! Such a hilarious film. Daddy would you like some sausage?
Avp requiem takes a big old piece of that cake.
Daddy would you like some sausage
kool idea
The Amazing Bulk is pretty bad. Shark Exorcist is truly awful. Then the plethora of animated films that are just...no.
Well Jurassic island just came out and its the worst movie ive ever sat through
Imagine if the woman on the phone flubbed her lines. "All right, reset."
This is not only the worst film ever. It's a killer.
Worst movie...the vomitgore trilogy
Well I think the biggest question is; what counts as a movie?
Many years ago, I think it was whipe your movie was in production state, and Monster Madness was cancelled, you had a Q&A where you got asked that question, and I know definitively you answered with "It's Baby's Day Out". It was sad for me but i got over that quickly because I always loved this movie, even today it's funny to me. I wonder if you still think it's as bad as it was or even way worse or maybe it's because one of your favorites.
I laughed so hard when James said "I see no benefit to watching this". I think that might be the harshest review I've ever heard.
As far as mainstream films go, it’s Leonard Part 6 for me.
dude The Batman film  2022 is the worst movie I ever seen.
Ghoulies
The last jedi
Anything from Tyler Perry
jd revenge is the worst movie
Jaws the Revenge
I think a movie where the talk about it is more interesting than the actual movie is cool. I think if that movie would be made today it would be cooler. But still in an experimental way.
Independence Day 2 for me
What are you talking about?  Wavelength is an amazing film, the plot is great the dialog is superb and the characters are in depth.  It’s even better than Avengers End Game
It might be famous for being bad but Ballistic: Ecks v Sever was the worst film I ever watched.
A movie that changes your feelings that much, kinda seems like it shouldn’t be called the worst movie ever. It probably pretty successfully fulfilled its goal.
Wavelength has a wikipedia page.... It won awards. I dont get some artists.
Wavelength vs Empire by Andy Warhol, which one is worse?
While I haven't seen it, my vote for the worst film of the last decade would be The Lion King (2019). That film is not just an insult to the original, it's an insult to animation as an art form.
I want to see a video game about wavelength movie and I want to see James do an angry video game nerd episode about it.
The Hulk. The Ang Lee version.
Ishtar is the worst movie.
Wonder if James has ever seen Disaster Movie...
I liked ‘Troll II’.
Hi if something lies outside the frame. Dose it exist? Yes it exist, in the vewers mind. As we are watching the movie we do not think of the camera and sound people or the people behind them. We do not even think of the room where in watching it.  We have made a world in our head of the movie. Like in a 3D headset. So it exist for the viewer. But not for the people making the movie.
OK we saw how James reacted to Wavelength now we need AVGN to react to it AVGN - "What were they thinking?"
Should I be ashamed that Freddy got fingered is one of my favourite films ever
Honestly the worst I've seen is Manos The Hands of Fate and the was only when Jerma streamed it and even though he tried to make it funny the movie was agonising.
Daft Punk's Electroma is the worse movie I ever seen
GIGLI.
Ah, yes. Wavelength. The Desert Bus of expiramental films.
It's not a 'bad' film at all per-se., but mental torture, for some, possibly. Check out the movie 'COME AND SEE' if you want to be subjected to mental torture/horror.
I never heard of Wavelength, I was gunna jokingly say Empire but that takes the cake
Thank you so much for making those amazing videos
Worst movie. Plan 9 from outer space
That's easy, Matrix resurrection.
So Wavelength is basically the film equivalent of an "artist" welding two chunks of metal together and tricking other people into trying to figure out what they are saying; when the reality is they just welded two chunks of metal together and wanted to trick people into thinking it is anything more than that.
I loved Freddie got Fingered. It was absolute nonsense. Thoroughly enjoyed it
Jingle all the way 2
The point break remake
Oof… I could practically feel the pain you endured when you started playing clips of that godawful ringing noise.
DCCU gave quite a contribution.
The matrix 4 - without a doubt .
The AVGN movie is one of the worst movies I've ever seen, after ulli lomel's zodiac killer and ulli lomel's curse of the zodiac.
Ghostbusters (2016)  Too soon?
The Force Awakens is one of the worst films ever made, no denying that, anyone who hates The Phantom Menace is no Star Wars fan to me
I think the worst movie should be something that just makes you mad you can't watch it until the end. Something that is a terrible adaptation or based on something that is loved and has a massive following. For me, Dragon Ball Evolution is the worst movie ever made. There is nothing redeemable about that movie.
Movies that comes to mind is: Ghostbusters 2016 Tmnt Avgn the movie Titanic And more ig
freddy got fingered is more like the best movie ever
Can't wait for the remake of Wavelength
Drop dead fred is the worst movie i have ever seen
This was a really interesting video. My own take from it, though, is that I find it hard to qualify it as a "worst movie" when it genuinely managed to get this much of an emotional response from you.
Things is a pretty awful movie
This is the movie equivalent of Throbbing Gristle during their prime.. .
It sounds to me like the film made it's intended purpose.
I think the worst movie ever is ”The Amazing Bulk”
this should be a whole series of videos
Ghostbusters "2016"
Phantom Menace isn't even close to being the worst film, not even in its own franchise. The sequels ensured that.
The worst movie I saw was Avatar. Now to be fair, it is not a bad movie per se but James Cameron finally making another movie after all those years only to come up with a story that had been done several times before that was extremely dissapointing. Especially since he made The Terminator and Terminator 2: Judgment Day.
Star Wars 8 was the worst movie by far.
It's Mega Shark vs Giant Octopus
The Killing of a Sacred Deer
Last Jedi of course
aww i love wavelength
Worst film ever : Batman and Robin , runner up : interstellar and armageddon.
Freddie Got Fingered - You either hate it or love it. And since I got crazy sense of humor, I love it! 😆
without a doubt Charlie and the chocolate factory....without a doubt
the only thing a 'Bad' Film has going for it is the fact that the Producers were even willing to take such a Risk.
"The dark backward" 1991
I agree with your talking points on the movie, but all along, I was thinking Fungicide gives Wavelength a run for worst movie...
the 'Worst' implies a set standard of the Critic making the claim.
Your teachers were masochists.
My worst movie ever watched is the Mangler (1995). Even the trailer for the movie was better than the movie.
Well, it's hard to decide on so many different criteria, but one of the worst movies I have ever saw was AVGN: The Movie.
Hey, I've never laughed harder at a movie than I did at Freddie Got Fingered. Since it's genre was comedy, I guess it did accomplish its goals in making me laugh.
Have you heard of Bruce Lee's "clone" movies? Those had to be one of the worst movies I have ever seen. I would love you to review them in one of your future videos. I'm so curious hearing what you have to say. Always enjoyable watching your videos.
..star wars phantom menace was the only star wars film i actually liked....what does this say about me 0.0
Class of 1999
Cannibal holocaust, hands down worst movie I ever seen.
You didn't mention Neil Breen once? I can sum up "THE" worst movie in 3 words - After Last Season. Beware - enter at own risk.
What confuses me the most is that according to wikipedia, this film took one week to film. ONE WEEK for a 45 minute fixed slow zoom into a wall? WHY?
Alien vs Predator Star Trek into Darkness Indiana Jones crystal skull
Gili was pretty bad from how Conan O'Brien painted it....Swim Fan was terrible too.  For me, the worst movie I've ever seen was....well, I can't say right now, I probably blocked it out of my memory.
James, this is your best type of content. Please keep making these vids
Movie 42 (i think it's called) is the worst
“Fred: The Movie” is the worst movie I have ever watched. It was not meant to be bad, but an entertaining TV movie on Nickelodeon.
I'd rather watch this than Downsizing
Weasels rip my flesh is the worst movie I’ve ever seen
The "Desert Bus" of cinematography.
Liminal Spaces The Movie
Where is Apex?
Master of disguisey
Wow! That does look bad. Gamera Super Monster is the worst movie I've seen.
Night Shyamalan's avatar the last airbender is the worst one
I love bad movies but it's still difficult for me to get through "Monster-A-Go-Go" without MST3K.
Freddy got Fingered is a surreal masterpiece
Sounds more like feedback instead of reverb haha
The Room was my favorite actually 😂
Wavelength isn’t exactly a film. The definition of a film needs a story, dialogue, etc.
Freddy got Fingered was irredeemable.
Movies from the 1960s are the worst.
Was going to say "Fungicide", but now I just feel silly.
Imagine the teacher having to watch this with every class
I don’t think that experimental or true indie movies should be up for discussion.
Freddy Got Fingered is amazing.  I don't get what people are missing.
I would watch a whole series of James talking about alt cinema. Do an episode on Stan Brakhage.
In my opinion MacGruber (the MacGyver mockup Movie) is the worst movie ever made...
How can Freddy Got Fingered be considered a "worst movie"?
The worst movie I've ever seen was The Last Airbender.
There was nothing wrong with master of disguise
Turkish Star Wars was pretty bad.
Might have been from the Ed Wood videos, but I remembered James specifically used a clip from Wavelength when saying he had seen far worse things than what is typically considered the worst movie ever. Clearly it left an impression
I agree with james there are a lot of movies people say are the worst actually arent that bad are they great probably not but watchable and enjoyable mostly im a big fan of elvis films and beach party ones i havent seen as many if the new ones that supposedly are terrible but  ones like manos wild guitar eegah are survivable but pretty bad
The Room ❤
A Serbian Film.  That’s the worst one
This is the "Desert Bus" of bad movies.
Worst movie is a tie between malibus most wanted.  And Holmes and Watson.
I find Wavelength fascinating. I never heard of it until now, but I have so many questions...I genuinely want to see the whole thing now, just because of how strange it is. Maybe I'll regret it lol.
Talk about how you appeared in a Sonic fan film!
Josh and Sam is the worst movie ever
This is one of those die within 7 days after watching films
'The Sweetest Thing' and 'The Women'.
For me is Dragon Ball Evolution and Legion (2010)
The Guy keeling over is like the ghostbusters NES song stopping.  SOMETHING HAPPENED for one brief moment to put your mind at peace.
I couldn't imagine having to watch a movie like Logistics or that empire state movie. Takes Wavelength and injects it with steroids of boredom. More stuff happens I guess but the length of those movies is insane.
AVGN THE MOVIE was pretty bad
The AVGN movie was the worst movie I have ever seen
whats the song used in the background?
8:36 my cat was relaxing by me and then jumped right up
I wouldn't be able to psychologically sit through this - and I studied Marriage Family Therapy. 😂  Hats tip to you James.  Much love ❤️
Andy Warhol's Empire
You can’t even count that as an actual film cmon
I'm the backwards man. The backwards man! I can walk backwards fast as you can
Appreciated.
Someone needs to watch “Robot in the Family”….
I was waiting for him to say " Manos: The Hands Of Fate. "
Err ... Attack of the Killer Tomatoes?   No!  My personal worst movie?  Monster in The Closet ( 1986 )   It might actually be worst than Killer Tomatoes, man ...
I legit actually saw troll 2 when I was a kid and I genuinely remember liking it
I've seen a lot of bad movies, and the only one I've ever seen that made me actively uncomfortable watching it, and not in a compelling or interesting way, was Manos, The Hands of Fate.  It's unwatchable on multiple axes.  But, it is also so bad it's memorable, which may disqualify it from the running.
Hulk (2003)
The Human Centipede 2 is probably what I would consider the worst movie I’ve ever seen. It took what I hated about the original Human Centipede and doubled down on it. I would put The Last Airbender in higher regard than those movies.
I don't know James, I think Wavelength may still be a better love story than Twilight.
Nerdy would you like some sausage?
Supernova, released in 2000 with James Spader and Lou Diamond Phillips is an awful movie
Still better than Space Jam 2
Manos the hands of fate
It's an avant-garde piece of trolling! Who made it, Ricky Berwick?!
How does a film from the 60's look like a video tape?
Ricky 1
The Antichrist with Willem Dafoe...worst movie ever!
It's "Ken Park". That's the worst movie ever.
seems like there is a lot to talk about, makes you think and feel, cant be that bad.. definitely something you will remember
Personally, to me the worst film I've ever seen is "Smiley Face", with Anna Ferris and John Krasinski
Bloodsport: The Dark Kumite by a nose.
Ghostbusters 2016.
The worst I think is personal.  Some movies just make me feel horrible
Velocipastor 😂
This is analogue horror before analogue horror
I like it when James talks about film. Nothing fancy, just talking.
Howling 7 dude..
I thought it would be birddemic
The Room was the worst.  You tearing me apart, Lisa!
That's not Theater art
Nice this was a really interesting video.  👍
Isn't there a film that's literally just white paint drying on a brick wall? It was basically an indictment of the MPAA, punishing them for their opaque, inconsistent standards. Maybe crowdfunding determined how many hours it stretched on for, and the MPAA is obligated to watch every second.
Water Damage is the best worst film ever.
I was convinced he was going to say manos.   that movie was unbearable to sit through even trying to watch it ironically.
Thor........THE worst movie ever is Thor...... hands down, objectional, indisputable fact. nope.... The Room is a masterpiece of cinema in comparison.... even your movie of a wall sounds better.  PS Freddy Got Fingered is a GREAT movie.
Jeez, by describing this movie you suddenly make me want to up what id rate every movie ive ever seen by 1 to 2 whole points.
The worst movie ever made to me was a "horror movie" called "The Item". It got released in theaters,  and on VHS. Just do yourself a favor and NEVER watch it. You'll regret it. Edit: Wavelength actually seemed like it was achieving a goal. The uneasiness,  the anxiety, the wonder... But. The Item is something on a whole other level. Again, don't watch it. Ever. Never ever.  I warned you.....
My worst movie was Eraser Head by David Lynch
The movie is so bad that I can't even finish this review.
This is the the kind of movie I love the idea of.
Date Movie (2006) gets my vote. The fact that that movie exists is a horrible abomination of mankind.
Yes , Star Wars Disney trilogy - the worst movies ever.
Begotten might be worse than this movie hahah
I'd rather watch 2/10 movie than 6/10
Kickassia was the one for me. Egh, that one stinks
too me its the SW holiday special..
personally, id say The Fifth Element is the worst movie ive seen....so far
I would make my own art if I were in that theatre. It would be a one man live art installation called “walking out.” Lol.
6:57 out of the frame, does extist? Well in the ninja gaiden avgn video the ninja says “ a ninja must look beyond the borders of the screen”
Swear-net is the worst movie ever made
It's like brainwashing from A Clockwork Orange
I feel like 2016's Paint Drying (607 minute runtime) would be worse.
Severd . Low budget zombie movie. Pointless.
The worst film I have ever seen was Cannibal Holocaust. Its not only the worst movie but I actually hate it with all of my heart and soul.
Wavelength sounds like a metaphor for My Antonia by Willa Cather.
Freddy's Dead the final nightmare is WAY worse than troll 2 or even batman and robin
Don´t ever watch The Drifting Classroom movie adaptation
Nothing is worse than Serbia
Postal was bad
The worst film ever made is Salo. 🤮 Don't take movie suggestions from John Waters.
But plan 9 is too fun lol
sigh, film school.
This movie sounds like a shitpost.
The incredible bulk and the 8 hour movie just looking at the empire state building
Shakes the Clown is the answer for "what is the worst movie ever made?". Written, directed and starring Bobcat Goldthwait. Make sure you NEVER see this movie. I did and I'll never forget it. EVER!
I can’t call this a movie
Bad Taste by Peter Jackson
James probably rewatched "Wavelength" when he was making the Polybius video in order to help him act so crazy!
Wavelength - the Desert Bus of cinema.
Ghostbusters 2016.
Worst film for me is easily Passion. It made me angry and disgusted with everyone who told me to watch it. I was 15 and pretty agnostic didn't really care either way. But after the Passion made me stay away from Christians and definitely those who enjoy a torture fest.
The Last Jedi is the worst movie
How come Wavelength reminds me of Desert Bus?
You should start an angry movie nerd series.
Wavelength aka "You finished the standardized test early"
Double Dragon
Star Wars: Holiday special
Birdemic.
The Desert Bus of films.
Angry movie nerd since 2007 revival ver.
Movies entertain, scare, make you think, make you laugh, or make you love. A bad movie does none of that but the worst movies insult its audience using those concepts- an anti movie.  I choose- Epic Movie or Kirk Cameron Saves Christmas
Put "Threads" in there.
I love the sharknado movies
I always thought that The Super Mario Bros was the worst 🎥 ever made! But wait then they made Double Dragon was even way more worse than The Super Mario Bros 🎥
I'm glad to see that you're ok after watching that, James.
Big money hustlers is probably the worst movie in my opinion. Its still entertaining in its own way, but definitely in my worst movie list.
If James had seen Ghostbusters 2016, this would have been about it.
What would been funny with that experimental film is that it zoomed in on that picture and it did not come clear till the end but its a picture of that room when the film starts at the beginning being zoomed out.
About star Wars worst movie, the phantom menace was only a victim of circumstances, until we know the last trilogy of J.J. Abrams and we know that there are worse things in this universe.
7:00 - I think the creators of Hunger Games should consider that question.
“Am I not turtley enough for the turtle club?”
Watch "Anguish" staring Zelda Rubenstein from Poltergeist. It was anguish to me.
The worst film I have ever seen that wasn't an art film or intentionally bad was the Slender Man movie from 2018.
suprised james didnt mention baby days out lol
Do you own a movie theater? How do u always film in one?
dude what bout the movies of Warhol? i rather watch the wavelength than those films
"The Last Airbender". I don't think I need to say anymore.
The movie Slender Not Slender man has to be the worst "movie" I've seen.
This sounds like less of a movie and more of an MK ULTRA brainwashing device.
"bubble boy" and "disaster movie" any1 seen those? those are the worst.
Wife and I both came up with the same movie as the worst ever: "Zardoz" with Sean Connery. Can't be a coincidence.
Some people say Leonard Part 6 but I loved it as a kid lol.
What a waste of actual and literal film ... I have never heard of it, but definitely exceeds all expectations for the worst movie ever. As the Nerd would say: "What were they thinking?"...
Tekken 2: kazuyas revenge
Human centipede. Hands down !!!
Worst movie ever, is generally meant as something that a major studio released, or something you could rent from the local video store. Not an art film, or some indie project. For me it's Teenage Caveman.
And ironically, James is describing why the movie is serving its intended purpose! It's MEANT to make the audience feel as though they are losing their minds!
I mean, taking an experimental film that isn't even intended to be entertainment and more of an exploration of what cinema can do to the viewer REALLY shouldn't count as the "worst film ever"...
i agree with james. my vote for bad movies is doom generation and nowhere
Looks like a MI6 experiment lol
The worst film ever : “Mother” with Jennifer Lawrence
For me the worst movie I've seen recently is The shape of water.......why ?
Blackenstein,Dr Jekyl and Mr Hype
"What were they thinking?!"  No seriously what was the thought process of this movie?
The Transformers movie with Mark Wahlberg.
the room is the greatest movie ever made
Week End by Jean Luc Goddard is pretty awful, but I think it was supposed to be.
Freddy Got Fingered is amazing!. How dare you?..
Manos: The Hands of Fate. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
The AVGN movie was up there easily
Loving the film commentary videos James. Always wholesome and enjoyable. Keep them coming!
1 Man 1 Jar has more entertainment value than Wavelength.
I thought he would say Ricky 1
There Will Be Blood. Final answer.
My vote has to go to the movie Cry Wilderness. A film where bigfoot is both essential and almost completely absent from the film.
May I suggest the film "psyched by the 4D witch".
You can’t unconvince me that wave length is the origin of all the Paranormal Activity films
Caddyshack 2 offers zero laughs
This seems kinda creepy
Worst movie ever Me  was DOOM… till i saw House of the Dead 😅
Check out neil breen and you will learn
the worst movie is after last season.
Manos the hands of fate.
The worst film I've ever seen was a Yoko Ono art piece at a local modern art center.
Ishtar
I can’t tell you how much I do appreciate that you tossed in manos the hands of fate... lol
Night of Horror (1981). The only interesting thing in it is a lens smudge.
Great now I need to look this movie up.
There’s a low budget film/movie where a group of people sign a paper if they win there get like 100k. So they have interviews with all contestants but only like 8 pass the interview for the main task. They all get locked into a cube shaped room and get fed a tray of oat meal everyday and bottle of water. Like for hour watching each person mentally breaking few passing days they lasted few months until it got too much they kept wanting out of the room each day and oat meal just flys though the door hatch still. At end find out it’s a test program how long can they last before doing the extreme and method of doing it. At the very end they repeat it by getting another big contestants then ends.  Film might be called Room or Cube or Death game
It's probably more of an interactive experience, similar to John Cage's "4'33".  However the audience responds is, in and of itself, the performance art.
The automatic answer is Street Fighter: the Movie. Honestly... probably Centipede.
Worst movie is easily Highlander 2: The Sickening.   Followed closely by Battlefield Earth
three words ... The Wicker Man (2006)
"A bad movie should be what nobody ever talks about"   I 100% agree! 😔👍
Sorry to say it, but the worst  I had ever seen is AVGN: The Movie...
You juked us with Manos.
Galaxy of Terror was pretty bad but still not Wavelength bad.
Really enjoy these videos, James. Thanks for sharing your thoughts!
Quick question, do you teach about film? Have you thought about teaching? Obviously, you're doing it now through this, but I think the readers of this (if there is any) would agree that James would be an engaging and knowledgeable educator in the topic.
Robot in the family
The Last Airbender.
WaveLength is pretty brilliant as a concept, but complete torture to sit through.
In what insane universe would you decide to put that awful high pitch sound you railed about in the video like that unexpectedly? Brutal man. Terrible
No no no, the worst movie is "Things"
AVGN the movie.
For me its the AVGN movie
The Worst Movie I ever saw was The Woodchiper Massacre
Easy answer...the worst film with absolutely no entertainment value was Second Sight
I had to look at the title again because I started to think he was going on about the most influential film he’s ever seen. Haha
I always think of Cabin Boy when this comes up
Rollergator is the worst movie I've ever seen.
Awesome video
The plan 9 from outer space remake was pretty awesome but I'm sure you not only haven't seen it but didn't even know it was remade.
Anyone see the film Rubber Johnny?  Don't .
“Monster A-Go Go” for me. It always blows my mind when people say “Manos…” is the worst movie to ever be shown on “Mystery Science Theater 3000.” It’s bad, sure, but “Monster…” is a whole other level of despair.  Great video. Love to see more like this one.
Manos Hands of Fate by far
In wavelength, I was waiting for the camera to cut to the "I feel fantastic" mannequin.
CHILDREN OF THE LIVING DEAD. ABBOT HAYES.
Imagine taking the drug from Dredd and watching Wavelength
I have the same mindset when it comes to games.  Often times there's some value from games that people consider to be the worse.  To me the games that are truly bad are the ones that never did well and that no one remembers or even knows it exists.
but have u tried "mega piranha" yet?
The worst movie is covid19 coverage over and over again same thing everyday while praising the healthcare and politicians.
What?! Freddy Got Fingered is great, so hilarious
The worst film I've watched was scary movie 5
I'd have to say Jaws The Revenge as it ruined a once respected franchise, OK Jaws 2 was a rehash of the original and Jaws 3 was ropey but still watchable (in my opinion).  But Jaws The Revenge come on what was everybody on? And who ok'd the storyline of a shark seeking revenge. Lastly why do the sharks in Jaws 3 & The Revenge both roar concidering sharks have no vocal cords. They should do a sequel that carries on from Jaws 2 and completely ignores Jaws 3 & The Revenge.
Ever since I saw Into the Grizzly Maze, that is my choice for worst movie I have ever seen. Hated every minute of it.
My goodness. I always liked Wavelength. Now I feel pretentious.
Have you seen "Terror Squad"?
I would say that taking into account the enormous budget and great cast that was wasted, Star Trek: Into Darkness is the worst movie ever made.
I kinda feel the same way about empire 1965 tho it’s not really narrative and idk if you could really call it a film
So.... can we get an Angry Film Nerd spin-off?
I really appreciate your honesty when answering this question. However, I would debate what qualifies as a movie or film?
for me the worst movie ive watched had to be manos hand of fate.
One awesomely bad movie ive always loved is Leonard part 6. Basically in a nutshell bill Cosby is some secret cia agent and he ends up fighting vegans with hamburgers and hotdogs. Worth a watch
The AVGN movie was pretty bad
The worst movie for me was the Adventures. Not the marvel one but the one with Sean Connery and Uma Thurman. It was so bad that when I bought the ticket the person in the ticket booth said no. Then when they took my ticket the ticket ripper told me that it would be ok to go into any other movie. Never has this happened to me before or since. Then when watching you sit there and say to your self there is no way that it can get any worse. But oh yes it can. Suddenly there are bad guy on an oil drill rig in bear costumes. Awful movie
The AVGN movie?
Eraser Head I really want to know Jameseseseses take on that one.  Such a horrible movie, but for some reason its got a 100% on Rotten Tomatoes.
The worst movies for me are Freddy Got Fingered, anything from from Jason Friedberg and Aaron Seltzer and Death Kappa (painfully unfunny Kaiju parody)
The worst movie I've watched in full is manos the hands of fate, it's such a slog and not even bad in a funny way
You should do the worst death in a movie 😂 😂 😂
"Freddie Got Fingered" is a great movie. And "Master of Disguise" is a car-crash of a masterpiece. Ha!
Ishtar was said to be bad.
The worst film is one called "Hick Trek" if you know there's no debate
Loving these videos! I really like hearing your thoughts on film. 👏
Does your movie count?
Red Zone Cuba.
That was genuinely fascinating, James, thank you. I've never heard of it.
the avgn movie! lol jk
For years I heard about "Plan 9" being the worst movie ever. But when I finally watched it it wasn't that bad. The plot is silly but it is coherent, it does tell a story. The execution is terrible but no worse than a lot of other low budget direct to video type movies.
Amazing Bulk is far and away the worst.
Watch "Total Reality". It literally has a scene where the main characters are being chased by velociraptors and you can see that they are toys with finger tips holding the tails.
Wavelength is currently blowing up on Utube btw.
Now my worst movie series is Twight light
Blair witch project or Ghostbusters 2016 r my two worst movies
You could say that the movie Wavelength, could be equal to games like Crazy Bus, Big Rigs, and Plumbers Don't Wear Ties. Games That are so bad, they can't even be classified as games, and Wavelength is so bad can't even be classified as a movie.
I don't think you can say a movie that had such a profound impact on you can be considered a bad movie.
Super Troopers
Off topic- do you prefer Boris Karloff or Glenn Strange?
It’s Pat
Woker by the Dozen😰
1. Birth of a Nation 2. The Last Jedi.
worst movie ever can go tgo any UWE BOLL movie.  Of his, I would say House of the Dead seeing as how it spliced clips from the game instead of VFX.
“After last season” is up there with worst movie ever.
Guys... Superman IV: The Quest For Peace.
so the pitch/frequency is increasing because the soundwave's wavelength is decreasing? hm
Not the worst... Im a Troma fan, but Spacecop is pretty bad...
I remember when the movie Gummo came out and hearing that it was the worst movie ever made so of course I had to watch it,  it's a really f'd up movie but not the worst imo lol
I wouldn't call Phantom Menace the work film not even the worst Star Wars film that would be episode 3 . all that CGI ends up looking more like a sequel to Who Framed Roger Rabbit
Cabin boy. I win
Worst movie for me: Knock Knock (2015)
Troll 1 and 2 are great movies.  "Head of the family" is a great movie too
ngl AVGN the movie is a big contender.
Birdemic Repo! The Genetic Opera  I didn't even finish them.
Well looks like Wavelength is about to get more popular.
The Velocepastor
Fan4stic, Max Steel Movie, Raise the Red Lantern, or The Art of Getting By is the worst theatrical movies for me.
what about the original Lord Of The Flies? that movie dragged on too long in my opinion l
Mortal Kombat Annihilation is probably up there with the worst theatrically released films
Everyone knows that the worst movie ever is "The AVGN Movie".
The Angry Video Game Nerd movie.
Awesome video man 😎!
Oh Gods, that noise would have had me running from the room in tears. I cannot deal with those kinds of noises.
love ur videos and hope to see more
Worst mainstream movies I've seen... its a tie between the Blair witch project and the number 23. If it wasn't for my girlfriend that liked the number 23 I would have walked out.
Pootie Tang
Wave Length looks like Backrooms found footage
The worst film i've ever seen: Jack and Jill
Freddy Got Fingered is the real avant garde masterpiece.
Wavelength feels like a great grandfather of Analogue Horror videos. You get an extreme dread from seemingly "normal" situation
I rather watch The Room 3 times in a row than watch Batman v Superman again.
Nah man , Wave Length was ok ... saw it twice ... "Begotten" is worst
The Room. I don't think anymore needs to be said.
Gold 2022 is by far the shittest modern movie
Ghostbusters 2016 is the worst.
Southland Tales.
Rise of Skywalker
Actually, its beauty lies in its ugliness. Wavelength is at once a metaphore for the pointlessness of existance, existential angst, and ennui of the soul in a post-industrial world. A fitting homage to Paul Valery's conception of the universe as an impurity in the state of non-being, and the ultimate statement on the transience of all things.
Not hard for me.  Tim & Eric's Billion Dollar Movie.  That is a masterclass in what not to do in any form of entertainment.
For me the worst film I have ever seen has to be The Beast of Yucca Flats
Paranormal activity was pretty shyt, maybe most overrated ever.
Gymkata
Either coneheads or avgn
The worst movie ever is Reds with Warren Beatty.
I definitely agree with James as to what type of category of film would have to qualify. I think a legit attempt at making a movie has to be a criteria. Wavelength might not quite qualify though since it's very possible it was crafted as a torcher device.
the worst movie ever shouldn't even be entertaining.
A friend of mine was one of the guys in the Howard suit. I need to rewatch that insane movie
I thought inland empire was worst. I think i was angry and confused after spending 13 euro for a ticket to nothing. I could not find any enjoyment in that movie. However, many people liked it, so respect to that. However, the movie talked about here, from my viewpoint, absolutely takes the cake.
It's called shark exorcist.
What about the avgn movie? That's pretty horrible. Kekl
Llamagedon. Hands down the worst.
I just pressed play on this video, but the answer better be "Jackie and Jill"
The AVGN movie
Envy was the only movie I ever wanted to walk out of and if I weren't there with people, I would have.
The worst movie ever is the i love you philip morris with jim carrey
Bigfoot vs Illuminati
Catwoman is the worst movie ever. Period.
Doogal?
Those people that made those bad movies don't consider themselves great artists.
It sounds like James just explained why "Gigli" is the worst movie ever.
I'd vote for Turtle Dreams, I get suicidal after 60 seconds of that pretentious BS...
Meet the Spartans and Baseketball are the worst for me.
personally I normally go with Hallmark movies or something like the "God's Not Dead" series of films.
I would have smashed the entire classroom if I had to sit through  that I guess iam build different  tho
Manos: The Hands of Fate
My worst movie for me was lotsa of modern Philippine comedy movies like vice ganda's movies and the some of the films in mmff that make international movies delayed very badly
Plan 9 was pretty bad until it was Riffed.
What about the lowest value per budget dollar movie?
I think there comes a point when it stops being a film and becomes glorified security footage My personal worse is Manos: The Hands of Fate. Even MST3K could make it entertaining, which says it all.
Literally all of the Star Wars sequels are worse than Phantom Menace.
I would rather watch Wavelength than torturing myself with Daredevil again
I always enjoy your videos. thank you
I’d argue that the emotional impact this film had on you made it a successful piece of art. It was clearly effective, you felt a “reverse hypnosis”. more worthwhile than a cashgrab you forget in a week imo
Battlefield Earth
As a Cinema student I find this video the best you ever made. You thought about the worst movie you ever seen and you tries to analyse it.
I'd rather look at a mirror and watch myself age.
this cant be his own story.  i just cant take this seriously anymore,
Couples Retreat Battlefield Earth
Isn't Wavelength just an art film?  By that standard I'd like to submit my Dad's home videos with the lens cap on for your consideration.
What about 'the off season' 2004 horror/thriller
Ghostbusters (2016)
Darkness Falls
I actually really like Freddy Got Fingered. The entire movie is just one big joke and I think it's amazing 😹
Still Vercingétorix (aka "Druids") with Christopher Lambert.
For me the worse movie ever made is a toss up between Bats and Battlefield Earth.
James would like some of James Incandenza’s work
Wavelength sounds like something else. I took a video art class where one day we watched experimental films from the early 70's that were similar to that. They didn't make sense and felt like unplanned home videos but at least they moved and didn't have a high pitched whine in the sound like that! wish I could remember the names of the ones I watched
What about monsturd?
I saw this movie called officer downe I bought it at dollar tree and the only reason I didn't snap it in half was so I could show other people how horrible it was lol
The worst movies I ever saw? Anything by Seltzer and Friedberg. I was unfortunate enough to watch Epic Movie, Disaster Movie, and Meet the Spartans. Both Disaster Movie and Meet the Spartans were the most DISGUSTING movies I've ever saw.
Hey James, love these videos of you just talking to us about things your passionate about. Even subjects like this are fascinating. I'd love to see a bunch of these!
background music pls
ice pun drinking game? i think i might die, im part Irish and us lot can drink...
zombie massacre by Uwe Bol has to be a contender
Really there's some movies by the asylum that can be bad movies, not all of them are entertaining bad like Sharknado.  I am Omega comes to mind. A mock buster based of I am Legend the same year the Will Smith (oh boy guess that sequel is being put on ice now) version came out and it was not entertaining at all, like I remember falling asleep during it it was just so bad, for one it took place in Los Angeles but you never really see interesting destroyed locations they filmed it in the cheapest way possible it was not even entraining to look at and I feel ashamed that the cover actually pulled me in.
can you consider that a movie? what about something that looks like a movie? haha
The Legend of God's Gun....
What was the one with the dude with the hand cloak
I seen a movie that was like Pulp fiction but it was all over the place and dude had a shotgun and when he talked you couldn't understand his words driving around a mustang, to me that is the worst movie I have ever seen, I cant even remember its name, because it was so bad I just forgot about it.
tremendo...
Earth Alien is a bad movie, don't know if it's the worst but it always comes to my mind.
I kinda want to watch it now.
“My father the hero” will never entertain even the idea of watching it again.
My nomination would be ANYTHING by Jason Friedberg and Aaron Seltzer.
The Amazing Bulk? Nah. Too easy! 🗑️
The best worst movie for me is Starship Troopers. As a kid I thought it was dumb but as an adult i realised its genius. The worst worst movie for me is that one about British dystopia where the guys mom gets so much beauty treatment she turns to liquid slurry and he tries to escape the dystopia and gets lobotomised
Didn't Andy Warhol make an 8 hour movie of a man sleeping? That sounds worse. But I guess you have to have seen it for it to be the worst you've seen
To me a really bad movie is ghosts of war.
I think the right thing to do is to call out Michael Aquino as Qanon, but not to condemn him, if he does that to himself, once everyone is in on the secret, and he cannot hide, that's on him
The worst film I've ever seen has to be the happening.
Take Freddy got fingered and master of disguise out your f**kin mouth
Morbius
I’m not even hating… I thought he might say the AVGN movie just to have a laugh about it and talk about it since I know he was talking about the anniversary of the filming of it recently. Would’ve been hilarious.
The worst film to me is trash humpers
the AVGN movie.
There's a reason for the increasing sound. In acoustics, the smaller the wavelenght the higher the sound frequency. So, as the camera came closer to the wave, the higher the sound pitch. Genius.
Devoid of any entertainment? Wouldn’t that be The English Patient?
After last season is legitimately the WORST film ever made.
I've watched Andy Warhol's 'Empire' all 8 hours of it. 8 hours of nothing but a badly exposed shot of the building, that's a tough movie to get through.
Never seen, but if u had lsd night be better.
Film School: Lights Camera Unemployment
I dare you to watch Movie 43
I’m surprised you haven’t been on Best Of the Worst : Redlettermedia.
The Phantom Menace is not a bad movie.
I think that dead body died of boredom.
Lowkey kind of love a lot of stuff this movie doing. Haha
exclude MST3K and rifftrax
Dragon ball evolution
The Last Jedi
For me, the worst movie is the one whose original idea is great, but wasted, giving the feeling of disappointment and anger. My worst film is "2012". For the reasons already mentioned.
Watching this gave me a panic attack.
I hope you didn't have to rewatch this for the review. I saw it in film class myself; I'm pretty sure I fell asleep.
Congo
For me it's Highlander II
Is the podcast over? The onde with Karien and the orhers?
The girl who called the cops killed the dude with poison.
What about Ricky II
Music (2021) is in my opinion the worst movie ever! As a person with Autism I found it very offensive
Oh hi Mark
Sherlock Holmes with Robert downie jr
That noise.... It made my cat spring off my lap and run away
The Room.
So what's your opinion of Dog Star Man?
I have yet to see James’ reaction to the Tommy Wiseau classic, The Room!
everything you say about your personal worst movie ever also applies to ghostbusters 2016
Wow Wavelength sounds like a CIA experiment where the viewers are supposed to be under the influence of LSD!
Battlefield Earth was the worst movie I've ever seen.
Freddy got fingered shouldn't be mentioned on a worst movie list.  It's super entertaining.
Kind of a cop out answer.  Thats not a movie lol
Plan 9 is an awesome film
There is no reason it took 5 min for you to tell everyone what the worst movie was when the entire video was created for the purpose of telling everyone what it was...
I'm going to watch this entire movie.
The og Suicide Squad, probably one if not the worst movie I have ever seen
I was waiting for James to go nerd on wavelength
Logan's Run and Strange Wilderness were probably the worst movies I've ever watched.
And I thought MY movie I made in 1988 was the WORST. This one puts "Shantai: The Movie" to shame. so much WORSE than my film...
this is the big riggs of cinema
The worst movie ever is The Talented Mr. Ripley.
I was thinking Empire from Andy Warhol. Basically like this but you don't at least get someone dying in a shot. And that one is 8 hours long.
F9  is the worst movie ever
Battlefield Earth
This must be in "You Know What's BS?!"
Maybe what he experienced was a mental torture, but for me, it made me interested into Wavelength so much. Like, I never heard anything like this and his explaination was so entertaining to listen to. Thanks for sharing.
I also watched this in film school, 1990.  MKUltra-tier psychological torture.
Plan 9 From Outer Space gets an honourable mention.
The worst best movie? The Room
avgn movie
Great video James. I would really like to hear about some of the avant-garde films that you did like. What are your thoughts on Chris Marker for instance. I'm guessing you like La Jetée (almost everybody does!). What about Sans Soleil? Cheers!
Crow 2. Zero redeeming qualities. Zero entertainment.
The saying the worst movie ever is subjective  based to some Star Wars can be the worst some people HATED lord of the
Waterboarding also changes how you feel...
Ghostbusters 2016 probably
Angry Video Game Nerd: The Movie is up there for worst movies.
The emoji movie
The one you made
Battlefield Earth
From how impactful it was upon you, it seems it was quite successful
In response to your final words, Phantom Menace isn't a bad movie, it was just misunderstood
Fantastic Four 2015 Ghostbusters 2016 Justice Leagues 2017
"manos: the hands of fate" easy. worst. movie. EVER!
There are still people who think Phantom Menace is the worst Star Wars?
Wavelenght, NOT A MOVIE.
I don't count arthouse or experimental fare as a "movie". Since they aren't meant for profit or to be well known.
as a non-film school consumer of movies, greenland was bad bad
Regarding the Phantom Menace: Once you've visited r/PrequelMemes at least once, it's impossible not to find the prequels entertaining. Nute Gunray is awesome.
for me it's napoleon dynamite. just completely  bland. nothing funny at all. no excitement. it's like watching paint dry
This came very close to being the angry film nerd
I would like to nominate Troll 2.
I have a blog up where I've reviewed over 200 movies. The worst by far is called Ingagi from 1930, long considered lost. I consider it very possibly the worst surviving film in the English language that got into a significant number of theaters. Absolutely grueling to watch.
Maybe that film he mentions is a prelude to the backrooms
You wanna see 2 really bad movies?  Bruce Lee Fights Back From The Grave, and The Stuff.  Andy Worhol made a movie once called 6 Hours at the Sears Tower.  And all it was, was a static shot of the Sears Tower that went on for 6 hours.  I'm not dumb enough to sit and watch something like that, but I suppose birds would fly by every so often.
That's just "Conservativism" as Edmund Burke conceived it, but he did "begin the trend" historically
I'm at conservatory where I have had to take like 5 classes on the musical equivalent of this. I always feel like I'm on some prank show and someone is going to come out and say "just kidding."
Basically any movie Rifftrax can't make funny.
Dragon Wars.
Any movie with a hidden liberal agenda.
It's the desert bus of movies.
So, someone's already getting to work on the video game adaptation, then?
Took him 2 months to make this video.
Makes David Lynch's 'Rabbits' look action-packed.
Film Theory:  The subconscious rage from James sitting through this movie was the true birth of The Nerd
For me it's always gonna be Fantasy Mission Force I was so freaking confused watching that.
today ,people thinks a bad movie is where the characters are not exactly what they think those characters should be
Still think The Last Airbender is worse
I am surprised James didn't say it waa Dr Jekyll & Mr Hyde 😆
Oh haii nerd
This is in the Encyclical "Fides et Ratio", and in Clairvaux's letters - naturally we speak, in Sanatana (nineteenth century neologism, but more precise word for "Hindu" - "I'm a Sanatanaist") terms, of "The Higher Self"
I've wanted to hear you talk about Wavelength for like 10 years. This is great.
that's clearly a CIA mind control  experiment.
If I'd were to pick a "real" movie with plot, budget, professional actors etc. then Ghosts of Mars comes to mind. That and The Shipping News.
So that's what should have been instead of the movie "The Table" in "SpongeBob LongPants".
Wavelength looks like some kind of creepypasta.
The awful sounds hurt my dental work.
Very interessting pick. It maybe not as entertaining as Transformers or Braveheart, but to me Wavelength is a much better and more important movie.
This is recorded in Herbert W. Mason's "Al-Hallaj"
this was really cool, you should talk more about avant garde films
Okay your film beats a film I saw called blindness in theaters and is a what if movie about people going blind for some unknown reason and came in a horror pack I bought and I can't see why it is in there.
Big Stan is the longest 1.5 hrs I've ever watched.
Hopefully this leads to the Angry Cinema Nerd
One of the worst movie I've seen is Hobgoblins, which was a low budget and bad ripoff of Gremlins.
One name, Ulli Lommel.  I watched his Lovecraft's The Tomb and never touched another movie with his name anywhere on it again.  And the man churned out something like 10 movies a year, all of them seemingly equally unwatchable, until his death.
I vote for FROGS 1972   worst movie ever
You obviously haven’t watched Combat Academy with George Clooney.
Well if you're going to pick an experimental art film, why not Andy Warhol's Empire? 8 hours of a static shot of the Empire State Building. At least Wavelength has a scene happening you can get parts of through barely audible dialogue and offscreen movements.
Remind me 2001 space odyssey style
The Bourne sequels
The worst film I've ever seen was a movie called Lucky. It was about a monotone sounding failing cartoonist he hits a dog and he starts imagining the dog talking to him. Before I saw that i would have said Cloverfield.
1:55 The same thing happened to Waterworld , its really not as bad as its made out to be and theirs a lot of entertaining moments
Still better than Picard. I'd love to see RLM do a review.
I have quite a few, Werewolves on wheels, Monster a go-go, Out of africa, The doll squad
Is this available in 4K UHD with an Atmos track? Perhaps a directors commentary track bonus thrown in?
I won’t allow any Freddy Got Fingered slander
You described the film like it's one of the most underated masterpiece lol.
freddy got fingert was EPIC
Well I feel a lot better about any video I make now.
This is a government mind control experiment
Avgn movie got my vote….
I would expect James say 'Ricky 1' has to be the worst movie ever like in his Ricky 1 review
Freddy Got Fingered was amazing
The Internship. At least that’s the worst movie I’ve seen.
Baby geniuses 2 should get a mention
I love these vids. Stick to what you really know and love. So authentic. Welcome back.
"If someone says Phantom Menace is the worst film: You can do worse."  Like... The Last Jedi worse. Rise of Skywalker worse even.
Everything you said about Wavelength just made me want to watch it more and more!
My choice for the worst film ever. I only need one word to explain it…  Nukie
I’d go by movies that actually made me physically uncomfortable and impatient for it to end. Off the top of my head that included Wild Wild West, The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen, and The Sorceror’s Apprentice.
is that really a "movie"?
If the filmmaker's intention is to make the viewer get insane by watching that Wavelength movie then I think that person succeeded
Whatever it is, it’s playing on Tubi
Nothing but trouble is hands down the worst movie I've ever seen. I don't know how you manage to be that terrible with that cast, but they managed it.
"the room"?
Cabin fever 2...
I met Tommy wiseau at a room showing where I live,  he's really nice and gave me a great big hug along with every else.  He's also really tall!
Empire (1965) by Andy Warhol is the worst movie imo
I would Say The room
I was expecting Cats to be the worst movie ever for James Rolfe!
Any Neil Breen movie period
The worst movie for me is definitely Disaster Movie. It's completely devoid of entertainment value and laughs. A bad movie like Troll 2 and Batman and Robin can still be enjoyed for its stupidity but anything Seltzerberg makes is just a load of blagh...
I thought Buried with Ryan Reynolds was pretty bad...
THE INVASION OF THE BEE GIRLS.
Well I’m going to roast this, has James seen his own movie? The movie about the wall would be more entertaining.
The Stupids is the worst film ever.
Terror Toons, easily.
Every wes anderson movie ever
Wavelength 🤔 I do not consider that any more than just nonsense.
Based on the criteria for Wavelength's choice, that Andy Warhol movie Empire belongs in the conversation of worst movies. But that tends to get a pass because of its creator and his reputation.
Freddy Got Fingered was a masterpiece!
Worst movie ever: Bloodrayne
Based James. I knew you wouldn't go for an easy answer.
I vote for Norbit as the worst movie ever.
Bet you clicked on this video thinking the worst movie was going to be "The Room" by Tommy Wiseau didn't you? Don't lie!
Pluto nash was awesome!
Wavelength. One of the sickest soundtracks. Pop on that OST anytime!
Freddy Got Fingered was horribly bad.
Blacksheep for me and my wife was so bad, but we got half way through it and had to watch it to the end,
Thankskilling......
seems like a film that somebody deserves a slap in the face over🙃
The worst film? The Flowers of Robert Mapplethorpe
avgn movie
Has to be AVGN Movie.
If it's not Star Wars the Last Jedi then you're wrong, now I shall watch the video and hope u get this right...
Neil Breen. the legend
The worst film of 86 should have been "Class of Nuke 'em High" lol.
I think the worst movie experience I ever had was Paranormal Activity. But then again I didn't like any movies I saw that are filmed from the perspective of someone in the movie.
Empire is worse than Wavelength
A movie where the message is that a watching a film will drain you emotionally.  And that depending on what you're displaying, you can drain different emotions.
It’s not the worst , but the horror film Jack Frost is really awful
my faveroite cinema is cineplex and cineplex is loud so wave length should be the worst film to watch at cineplex. at least this film was realesed in theathers.
So Wavelength is basically if LJN made a film
This sounds like the crazy/desert bus of movies
Manos: Hands of Fate. Literally couldn't finish it. Plan 9 isn't a great movie, but it's at least watchable.
The worst film I've ever seen is Cabin Fever. I know there are objectively worse films out there, but I don't care. I hate it so much.
Probably the avgn movie itself lol...
I love this. <3
That is a helluva sadistic dad joke.  I guess at least he didn't have to watch it with headphones on, that was terrible.
Worst film I've ever seen was "The Cat in the Hat". I hated it as a four year old and so did my mom.
Epic Movie is the worst I’ve ever seen. I wanted to hang the projectionist.
WHATTTTTTT Freddie got fingered is hilarious. One of the funniest movies ever.
I miss the podcast. Seems like it ended way too soon. Wish you would bring it back!
but Freddy Got Fingered is brilliant!!!!
2016 Ghostbusters.
Its an intro to the back rooms......
Liverpool was pretty bad too.
is Wavelength the film equivalent of Desert Bus? 🤔
Wavelength sounds like the cinematic equivalent to Desert Bus. Nothing happens!
Avatar is unwatchable.
The worst movie I've ever seen is Manos: The Hands of Fate... And there it is in your video! Lol
“How did he die?!”  Boredom
Sprinkle in some cgi creature/supernatural effects and alter a few things throughout the runtime and label it ‘Backrooms Found Footage’ and watch the views explode
This is kind  of random but, if they haven't already done so , I think they should do a piece on " who framed Roger rabbit " and if they have which play list is it under?
I hope I never have the misfortune of having to sit through that Wavelength movie.
The correct answer is Pootie Tang. Pootie Tang
Here to support.
Gumo.  Hands down worst movie I've ever seen
It's not art, it's a 1960s shitpost.
Hey man, Master of Disguise is a cinematic CLASSIC.  Edit: I am dead serious. This is a family favorite.
worst move ive ever seen is probably Cube 2: Hypercube
Watching Wavelength in 1967: this is groundbreaking!  Watching Wavelength in 2022: this is creepypasta!
Anything thats dubbed.
If there was a video game based on Wavelength, there should be an AVGN episode about it
Careful, or you may become the angry movie nerd. but, seriously, wow, what a concept. Great show!
I think the worst films are ones that not only have no merit, but negative merit. Movies with damaging messages or geared toward a specific audience with the intention of creating an echo chamber. Faith based movies are a great example of this. Cheaply made, horribly written, and filled with strawman arguments and horrible messaging. On this front, I'd say the worst of these is a movie called "Loving The Bad Man". I cannot succinctly describe what it's about here, just look it up. It's horrifying.
Dragonball was probly the worse thing ever. The live action one i mean. Just....i mean....no words can describe it.
The Matrix: Resurrections
Junior with Arnold Schwarzenegger.
Heavens Gate is the worst movie
As I understand it Striptease is considered to be the worst movie ever. We'll see what "The Nerd" thinks.
Bob Barkers Grand Adventures
Battlefield Earth is cool. Fight me.
The cause of death was boredom.
Bruh. You directed it.
Yahoo serious chairman of the board unlike the window movie someone invested millions in this movie hoping to make money...only movie in my family's history of renting movies over 30years we demanded our money back
Wait a minute, Freddie Got Fingered??? That movie is hilarious, plenty of scenes are classic.   I'm the backwards man the backwards man
Worst film iv ever seen was 555. Seriously look it up
Perhaps invest in a teleprompter so you're not looking down every 5 seconds.
I'm curious how James would feel about the film begotten
The worst movie ever made is "THE ROOM"
5:19 The best part of Wavelength is when a fly landed on the window and flew away. Amazing.
ANY movie starring Kevin Hart should be worst movie ever made. All these movies here would sweep at the Oscars compared to a Kevin Hart movie.
The worst movie is called Birth and it's from 2004.  It's so bad I don't recommend it.
Manos the Hand of Fate is the worst movie I've ever seen and The Castle of Fu Man Chu is a close runner up.
definitely THE ROOM with Tommy Wiseau😂
rubber
Exorcist 2 ain’t bad just a weird sequel to an incredible horror movie.
It's probably been 10yrs since I even tried to watch it but I'm my memory the worst movie I've seen was magnolia.
8:32 or it’s just too loud. I remember watching Dunkirk with my dad and I had to cover my ears because we were right next to the speaker. Other than that the movie was great!
theres a movie called "the cave" , i remember wanting to walk out but i was watching it with some freinds and they didnt wanna leave. that movie was such a POS!
It ain't A Night at the Roxbury, that's for sure.
Your mom
For me, it is definitely Loqueesha, that flick is pretty irredeemable.
Flight Plan is the worst mainstream movie ever.
Great content
worse movie ever is Saving Private Ryan
The Nostalgia Critic Movies!
Terror tunes
Actually sounds decent compared to recent cinemassacre content.
I feel Abraxsis guardian of the universe deserves the worst movie award
Robowoman.
So...what IS the worst "full-length theatrically-released narrative film"?
love all the content lately, and wow we watched some avant garde films in film class growing up but i guess i never got to this level. wow oh wow that is awful
I seen some bad ones on MST3k
Quest (Van Damme)
Under Seige 2
Sisterhood of the travelling pants 2
Scary Movie 4
New avgn ep when
Plan 9 from outer space by far.....................................that was a bad movie
Not the answer I'd expect, but I like learning.
Blade 3
"Star Wars the Phantom Menace is the worst film? No, you can do worse." & Worse indeed when you watch the Disney Trilogy.
Hey man, SWe1TPM is great >:(
I actually was falling into a trance for a few seconds until I snapped myself out of it. Also thanks for briefly mentioning the Sharknado series. That is clearly the worst movies I've seen, unless you like stupidity and blood and gore.
_Frogs,_ the 70s eco-horror film, is my absolute most hated movie. There are lots of terrible horror movies, but _Frogs_ is so incredibly dull, plodding, and irritating.
No, I have to disagree. I would have a problem with people who like this.
Any other film students here watch Zorns Lemma, NOW THAT was the worst movie I’ve ever seen!  We had ti watch Wavelength well, but on YouTube so I didn’t have to sit through it all in a class. So glad that was mentioned. 😂
A film where there is no love at all behind the camera or in front of the camera
For me it's the original Dune hahaha
Film Hipsters rate this a 500/10.
The Apple from 1980.
Best worse and so bad it's hilariously bad: Doc Savage
Hey James, it would be great if you foule do a video about underground movies and/or a video about movies that were a Part of the hippie-era!!!
There are a lot of bad movies, but the one movie that annoys me the most is "Signs" with Mel Gibson. I had a guy tell me at the bar that it was his favorite movie and couldn't help but think he was a total idiot.
I don't know. Wavelength didn't ruin Star Wars
The worst movie ever made is the little rascals, go back and watch that movie it is an abomination
Troll 2, I spit on your grave, solar babies. Jesus, such a waste of money. Think of all the money wasted on horrible, horrible movies that are made
Great video. If AVGN were teaching a class i would go back to school. 😄👍
I agree. Same for video games in my opinion.
Great video James , when more rex viper songs coming out you guys are great !
Ghostbusters 2016 is by far the worst movie I’ve ever seen
cosmic sin
The worst movie ever is the Angry Video game Nerd: The Movie. But on a serious note, I do not watch Hollywood films anymore because I despise Hollyweird and all Thespians.
Predator 2018 is the worst to me. Even this avant gard movie Nerd told about sound more interesting.
Anyone, who says  that Phantom Menace is worst, just don’t sees episodes 7,8,9
I swear I saw this video like 8 years ago on Cinemassacre's website?
Pixar's "Turning red", of course
I recently watched Lynch's Inland Empire, it gave a similar reaction. Nearly 3 hours of almost pure torture. it occasionally sneaks in some fun, only to torture you again with disturbing imagery
Miami vice movie was terrible
DragonBall evolution, I've seen alot of bad movies but none like this one
Wow even AVGN have acknowledge *the slap* now, Will Smith Slap (WSS) is everywhere XD
Skyline is the worst. Everyone in my family had a headache watching it. I barely even remembered the same thats how badly i wanted to forget
At least Catwoman has to be in the conversation
You watch your mouth with Master Of Disguise
The worst is The Last Jedi. It killed star wars.
"Wicked World" is one of the best/worst movies ever.
Do people actually like it, or do they pretend to like it?
One word." GUMMO"
Worst has to be Battlefield Earth never seen a movie that gave me nausea.
Pearl Harbour is up there
Why would they even show this in film school? If theres no substance and it’s just a still shot of a wall, it can’t be considered a real film.
Jesus Christ vampire slayer is the worst, I'll have to check it Wave Length though
Hey, I liked the Phantom Menace! And so did many others!!
No neil breen? :)
What’s up with the weirdly sized hats?
Now you know how it feels to be a guard in monitor room.
Here's a question that I think could make an interesting video: What bad movie is so bad that you think people SHOULD watch it so they can learn how NOT to make a movie?
WRONG!!! I LOVE wavelength!  I’ve watched it multiple times… albeit most times to annoy people.  I found the slow move in on the picture, but in a different era, was deeply surreal and interesting.  Cheers, James!
4:13 am I the only one who thinks that looks like something from the backrooms…?
"There are many who hail this as a avant-garde masterpiece," and to those people, I say you are wrong.
You assume you have to watch it sitting down - I read Cortazar's "Rayuela" while working in an ice-cream store and slacking off, and so got it covered in coffee  But also I had to keep standing up and sitting down while I read it
The Ice Cream Man with Clint Howard?
Mac and me worst movie
I would watch a film about why the 2000s is like a goldmine of bad films.
The Pest with John Leguizamo is the worst movie ever
The Happening
ATM
The Angry Video Game Nerd movie is the worst I ever saw
Don't forget Ghostbusters 2016
I hate the movie, Frozen. Not the Disney movie. The concept, the way they all die, and the characters were absolutely terrible.
Alex l'ariete.
Worst movie I've ever seen Fantastic four (2015) nothing about that movie was remotely entertaining 🤣
to me its undoubtely hard candy. period.
I think battlefield earth was bad.
Beautiful
Just look at how many episodes of MST3K there are and you'll realize that we haven't seen the worst of them!
My personal worst movie I have ever seen is GUMMO. As far as a movie I have never seen but was legendarily talked about as bad when I was younger was something called Stuff Stephanie in the Incinerator.
Shazam starring Sinbad.
Cats from 2019.  It gets worse once you watch the 1998 direct-to-video movie and see how amazing the theatrical piece really is compared to the even more senseless adaptation of a senseless but endearing plotless story.
Freddy got Fingered is great.
Michael Bay presents Pearl Harbor, nuff said!
As bad as this is, After Last Season is still the worst movie ever imo.
The Ninth Gate is the worst movie I’ve ever seen.
Avatar.
You need to get the rights fot Wavelength II: Electric Wavaloo
I watched a avgn movie it should be on this list
Leonard part 6, absolute trash and nothing redeeming about it.
He wasn't joking about that high pitched sound near the end, I quickly muted that part, that was unbearable. If I had to watch that in class, I would've just walked out right at that point.
What is the worst movie ever?   Angry Video Game Nerd: The movie Sorry James.
Worst movie I've seen is M. Night's The Last Airbender. I'm pretty glad I haven't had to sit and watch Wavelength, though!
My least favorite movie ever made is Shane Dawson’s Not Cool.
I did not make a bad Movie is BS. I did no….t!! Oh hi mark!
The emoji movie
Space chimps 2,  there thats it, thats the worst film ever.  That Wall is a masterpiece in comparison.
Battlefield Earth {2000) & Plan 9 from Outer Space (1957) are the worst movies I've seen so far in my lifetime.
George Lucas apparently was a big fan of avant-garde movies, and only made Star Wars in order to make enough money to produce such films. He even references the film 21-87 as princess Leia's cell number (That movie is watchable on youtube, but I don't recommend it).  I always like to say that there's no such thing as bad art--no matter how awful a drawing or movie or song or book is, somewhere out there there is someone who loves it. ...but then again, there are movies like "The Emoji Movie" and "Pitch Perfect 2" and "Movie 34" that just make me angry to watch, so maybe I'm wrong.
Wavelength feels less of a movie and more of a social experiment
A door in the woods. Fits all definitions of worst.
I think it would be necessary to narrow the decisition to certain criteria:  *Budget (films that have, at least, some production value to be considered movies, not experiments). *characters /Plot *Movies that made it to cinemas at least * Big studio behind them  This would tipically ensure that a movie Is watchable/enjoyable, but that is not always the case. It would be interesting to choose the "worst movie" from this kind of films
You mean it’s not Ricky 1? 😳
Technically, that's not a movie.
The avgn movie
Death House was a horrid movie. I'd go with that being the worst movie ever in my opinion lol
James, let me tell you, there are many movies that I like that are considered “bad”.  Films that I find way too entertaining to be considered a “bad” film.
andy warhol empire could also be considered the worst it’s 8 HOURS of the empire state building
Mine is "Death Ship" (1980). Terrible.
Not all female cast Ghostbusters? Oh, ok!
The Oscars aren't really amusing either.  They are a joke now thanks to WOKENESS.
JAMES:  "This movie has no redeeming value." ME:  <immediately searches YouTube to watch it.>
My vote is for Battlefield: Earth. It's not enjoyable, not entertaining in the least, John Travolta is completely ridiculous, Forrest Whitaker looks embarrassed throughout; it's just a perfectly putrid pet project pushing preposterous philosophies of Scientology.
Hey James....How about the movie... A Serbian Film....???? Greetings from Michael in Belgium... ;-)
Hey Hey Hey Battlefield Earth was great very different.
For the worst movie you ever saw, you sure had a lot of interesting things to say about the way it made you feel. Sounds like the movie worked!
I remember Wavelength! I went to film school too.
Interesting!!!
Baby Geniuses and Don't Mess With The Zohan.
Evolve! It's the best! Thank u 4 evolveing
TMNT 3 like you said 15 years ago lol
Birdemia obviously
Disaster movie
Freddy got fingered a bad film !!!!????? What !!!!!!!!! ???????
My nominees for the worst film ever are The Wachowski's Jupiter Ascending and Tony Scott's Domino. Wavelength looks like a classic compared to these two.
Dude we just watch Batman and Robin and I was telling my wife who hadnt seen it, exactly what you said.  Its bad, but I laugh, especially at Arnold's puns.  We watched the whole thing.
battlefield earth
The postal movie.
Machete,  or too wong foo
Before I watch this I'm saying the 2nd independence day.
Frogs.
It's always the weird experimental films that seem to be considered the "worst" because they weren't made within the normal structures of most films.
The amazing bulk is probably the worst
The worst film for me is Monster A Go Go. Not even MST3K could make it bearable.
worst than phantom menace yes, the last jedi
Hot to trot is worse.
Movie 43
Nymphomaniac: Vol. I and Vol. II. Those movies have Zero redeeming value.
Cause of death, extreme boredom 😶
Is it The AVGN Movie?       Only joking, James.
I guess you can say that Desert Bus is the Wavelength of video games.
Wavelength is a masterpiece. Smh James.
Very nice thanks for being honest, I love troma but class on Nuke em high part 2 the 90s one is so bad, even part 3 from the 90s was better, I still love troma but that one was bad, theirs prob worse like oasis of the dead haha
Well.. I'm gonna watch Strike Commando 2 now, and be happy about it 😂. Wavelenght certainly looks like the worst movie, thanks for sharing all these oddities 👍.
I feel like it needs to be clarified as "worst film released in 100+ theaters" because one could fill a list with the millions of z-grade straight to DVD trash that gets released everyday. By clarifying a theater count, it ensures that it was a movie that hoped to make money back and assumed there was an audience.  Wavelength sounds sort of like a worse version of watching a Stan Brakhage film. Stan Brakhage at least had interesting editing techniques and visual changes occurring at such a fast rate that there is a sense of visual narrative and progression through shapes and contrast, but wavelength sounds like the equivalent of Andy Warhol's Empire where there isn't any real value in the film itself other than just a test.
The remake of The Predator... I couldn't watch movies for a whole year. Just killed the mood for movies. I'm not joking either. A whole year!
ROBO VAMPIRE! NUFF SAID
Freddy got fingered was one of the funniest movies ever. Not sure about James’s movie choices
Freddy Got Fingered is legitimately great
The Amazing Bulk, no contest here
Concerning the aggravating feeling this movie gives you, let this be a lesson...Be careful what you expose yourself to music/movies/ etc. YES, IT ALL DOES HAVE AN IMPACT ON YOU.
gotta be some uwe boll flick, the way he takes himself and his work so seriously
hands: the hands of fate
Now someone needs to make a video game out of Wavelength!  Probably similar to "Desert Bus" but even less going on.
I think I'd rather watch all the films you've talked about, in a row, and even Wavelength, than having to watch any of the Marvel movies again.
AVGN Movie?
I think for me it's "A Serbian Film" — just totally artless, charmless dross, does nothing well, and nearly nothing competently (the camera was in focus)
The Angry Video Game Nerd Movie is WAY WAY WAY up there on the list, bud
Worst movie? Anything with Seth Rogan.
Ishtar
Dark Heaven....watch it, regret it
The worst movie I’ve seen is the beast of yucca flats, and the movie I hate the most is Aladdin 2019
YES THE MOVIE THEATER PNG IS BACK
For me, Pocket Ninjas.
The worst feature film, in my opinion, is Zoolander 2. It retroactively ruins the original.
Samurai cop for sure lol
I never heard of Wavelength before this video nor have I seen it.  But just hearing you talk about it, I have to agree.  That does sound like the worst movie ever made.
For me it's always been the Nick Cage Wickerman. It's so funny he brought it up lol
Maybe you have to take a bunch of acid and then watch it.
<3 :3
un. buen. dia
Battlefield Earth...... enough said.
It's like mushroomland, without mushrooms
Super Mario Brothers
Tiny Heroes (1997).
I saw this in an Film art class too, and James, I feel your pain.
The Holy Mountain  (You're welcome LoL)
I thought it was Ricky 1. That movie was so bad. Really bad.
Jack & Jill is probably the worst film I’ve ever seen. Just so many things wrong with that tragedy of cinematography
I was surprised it wasn’t Turtles 3. It used to be his least-favorite movie.
The worst film ever made is Disney Star Wars ( ALL ).
“The worst film…that comes to mind…for me personally…is…Grammarly.
If you put a button on a busy street and have a sign saying  this button does nothing. People would press it. I think curiosity play a massive part in these experiments. James was told noting happens but still watched. Same as I can imagine how many people have view that film after this video.
Wow, does that even count as a film🤔
Looks like a Zen masterpiece to me. Will watch. ☯️
The AVGN movie ;) jk jk
James’ personal worst film was babies day out
My worse movie is Titanic 2 . I had to go through 46 beers before being able to finish it
Hortan hears a who.😳
Oh james... art films don't count
Appreciate the lack of Silverman in these videos.
Fresh! Thanks James
The picture on the wall should have been a picture of the room and the zoom just keeps going on forever.
Hey master of disguise was a classic imo
If anyone here says which superhero movie that was said to be one of the worst, I'd say Fantastic Four 2015 was the worst one ever made.
Worst movie I've ever seen is something called "the AVGN movie"  Jk :p
Norbit
Hey James, Adam The Woo visited the Manos Hands of Fate filming locations back in Nov. 2021. Pretty cool seeing some of those spots that are still there. (He also did Miami Connection recently too.)
Driving Academy… no contest!!!💩🔥
My vote goes to 'After Earth"... least entertained I ever was by a movie.
Doc Savage: Man of Bronze. That movie was agonizing to get through
Worst films I've seen in recent years would be "Glass" & "Spiral".
If James Rolfe calls this a terrible film, I take this as fact.
Move over Ricky 1, you've been dethroned!
cuties!
the most recent star wars dont even care to remember its name
Just watched "wavelength"... I should of listened to your warning hahaha
I remember being at theatre and so dissatisfied with Batman and robin lol.
This could be a series! What's the second worst movie?
If you want a movie that has a "plot" but is still the worst movie, go watch "Deadly Harvest". It's just horrid.
Battlefield Earth to my recollection is the worst.
Wavelength? More like Shitlength
Zapped! From 1982 was so terrible. I cringed when i watched it
Master of Disguise was funny to me
For me, the worst is "Birdemic."
Honestly this seems awesome! I think James missed the opportunity to consider the over all creative process. He even says you feel different at the end of it, well thats art! It should affect you, you should have an emotional reaction. I think there's a lack of open-mindedness here...
do sunset grill next!
The last sin eater 2007 - abomination of a movie
The Rise of Skywalker
Just remembered Yoko Ono did one back in the early 1970's that was two hours of a fly landing on a human body!
Anything by Doug Walker should be on the shortlist
Star wars: the last jedi, directed by Rian Johnson
Virus shark is the worst movie ever.  It's a 2021 film on Amazon.
"Horror House" Showgirls 2" are two of the worst movies I have ever seen.
Star wars: the last jedi, directed by Rian Johnson
The Batman 2022
I’d have to say one of my personal worsts in terms of comedies is Little Man starring the Wayans brothers. People like to point out certain movies as the worst in the genre, but nobody mentions this one: the characters are absolutely unlikable, some of the decisions they make are anger inducing, the drawn out comedy is so devoid of actually humor that it physically hurts to watch at times, the cgi on Marlon to give him the small body is atrocious, and the acting is some of the worst I’ve ever seen. It tries to do what White Chicks did yet forgets what made it a guilty pleasure.
So, Andy Warhol's Empire is not his worst movie.
I think "Joker" was the worst movie ever.
I don’t understand the backlash on Freddy got fingered. This movie is relentless immoral and obscene. I like it
I was getting my pitchfork when you teased Manos, glad you didn't go through with it.
Now I seriously want to know what is your worst theatrically-released film
man i love your content and i love you rolfe, keep going with your  avgn videos
So.. the worst movie is The Room just, another one
The worst worst movie is The Scarapist. You can rent it on Amazon. It's a triple dog dare to watch it.
I'm not really sure I'd call Wavelength a movie.  It's a film, as it is captured on film, but idk, I feel like a "movie" at least attempts to have a plot, tell a story.  A man dying and a lady calling the cops with no follow-up isn't a story, it's moreso just an event caught on film.  But then again, many arguments of art and entertainment are entirely subjective.  For instance, I hated Blade Runner but generally enjoyed Movie 43.  So there's that.
To boldly flee
Emoji movie was the absolute worst for me. As you said, it was so bad it was bad.
I pick monkey bone
Showgirls
James what's your top 10 favourite bad horror movies that are entertaining to watch ?
Blood Lake (1987)
Van Helsing gets my vote
Wavelenght kinda looks like a liminal space.
"Angry Motion Picture Nerd" anyone?   <> I am willing to bet, though no one would wager money nor is there a way to prove, that the dead body (aka actor/actress) got up and walked away as soon as it was out of frame.
How this has 5.5 on imdb is beyond me, i'm not going to claim that this movie deserves a 0 as some might find some use for it, but i don't think this kind of movie should even be considered for rating, you either find some artistic reason to look at it and thus the rating is irrelevant, or you hate it, in which case it should be bottom of the list.
The worst film I've ever seen would be either "The Beast of Yucca Flats" or "Gargoyles".
What a waste of film
Eh, kind of dumb/cheap to pick an experimental film rather than a narrative meant for mass consumption. You could literally pick an infinite number of Avant-Garde that are difficult to watch since the main purpose ISN'T entertainment. You could have picked Andy Warhol's EMPIRE.  Even your analysis isn't relevant to the film's intention.  My pick is TOUGH GUYS DON'T DANCE by Norman Mailer or THINGS from 1989
Obviously all art is up for interpretation so my take on it is that it could be possible that the uncomfortable feeling that you described having while watching the film could have been the intention of the film maker.
It kinda reminds me of Andy Warhol’s Empire in a way.
Ghostbusters 2016 is the worst movie I've ever seen.
Type in "Worst Fight scene ever" from 2007. Thats probably the worst film ever.
Idk nerd, you should probably watch rat-a-toing. Hoodwinked. Batman v Superman. I know loads of horrible, awful, crimes against cinema. These films are assaults on the senses.
Donnie Darko
Trash humpers is the worst movie ever made I give it  0 stars and not even feeling bad about giving it that rating
Despite james thinking this is the worst movie he's ever seen, he still makes it sound interesting and worth watching
The worst movie I ever saw was Rise of the Dead.
The worst movie should probably be Disaster Movie, Cuties or Manos: Hands of Fates, because they’re a disgrace to cinema! Also the Razzies is a joke, they mostly go after movies that are easy targets like Sylvester Stallone or anything not even related to cinema like the Kardashians!
For me the worst movie is MD Geist 1 and 2 together. They actually put me in a bad mood that lingered the next day. I think the perfect combo for an ACTUAL bad movie is being a really dark and edgy movie that takes itself really serously and is also really dumb.
Cause of death was boredom
James, remembers terrible avant-garde pretentious movies so we don’t have to.
Personal Best and Popeye.
the worst movie i’ve ever seen is a Serbian film. such disgusting, poorly written trash
Worst movies are happening right now with all that woke boredom like ghostbusters 2016.
Pssh watch the Paperboy with McConaughey
Dragon ball evolution
Morbius
Paul Blurt Mall cop by far the worst!
Any Paul Thomas Anderson project is a totally overrated disappointment that has no entertaining value at all.
The AVGN movie
I once watched a movie with a buddy called rubber about a car tyre that had telekinesis lol
Man I totally thought it would be manos the hands of fate lol
The Last Airbender and Super Mario Bros come to mind when I think about the worst movie that I have ever seen.
I seen a movie once but don't remember the name because it was so riveting. If I could remember I'm not sure I would say, I would not want to be responsible for someone else watching it. The movie is about a woman house sitting, that's all. No love story, nothing spooky, no one dies, NOTHING!  Just her in a house for a couple days, then it's over.
Sorry James! I gotta take a second here to say that Freddy Got Fingered was hilarious 😂🤣 As bad a movie it “should” be in theory, at least it has a following
Looks like an even lower budget version of Andy Warhol's "Empire", just a seemingly never ending static shot of the Empire State Building.
the angry movie nerd
What happened to Cinemassacre Podcast!?
Check Doom Generation. Parker Posey, Rose McGowan and more. It's so bad. I bought the DVD for 99¢ and I want my money back.
In terms of high hopes being dashed to pieces upon viewing the movie in a theater, nothing was worse to me than *Transformers* from 2007.  I despise this movie.  You wanna see the real Transformers movie, look up the 1986 film.
I asked my friend at work this question and he instantly said "Dr. Zhivago."
No movie with Lea Thompson is bad.
I wonder if that long window film does anything to your brain imagine  if all qualified folm makers have seen this footage clockwork orange style
The Last Jedi.
To date, The Rollerblade Seven is still the worst film I have had the misfortune of seeing.
Mortal Kombat 2 has to be on the list of movie theater releases
A friend rented moulin rouge. I walked out of their living room. I'd rather watch wavelength twice.
Jesus. Imagine if instead of 45mins, that movie was an hour and a half or two freaking hours! It's a movie like this that makes me wonder. Who is most evil, because all three of the following have the power to either prevent the movie from being made or just turn the camera off:  The Director The Writer The Camera Operator
James: Star Wars Phantom Menace is the worst film....no, you can do worst.  Yes, indeed. The Last Jedi XD
hey you should review the bad grand theft auto remaster the definitive edition
The Crazybus of movies.
Just like games I've always said the boringly average movies are worse than the so bad it's good/bad movies like the Room or Birdemic
Pink Flamingos
Didn't you make a movie that was pretty worst?
Gerry is probably the worst I've ever seen off the top of my head
awful films are also highly offensive and perhaps perpetuate bad morals
Garbage Pail Kids, saw it ironically, expecting it to be funny bad but it's just plain awful, man
Now I’m very interested in a movie that I thought was going to be bad —but was revealed to be quite brilliant instead
For me it's (movies like) "the starving game". The only movie I walked out of (it was a sneak preview so I didn't know I got to see it). While other bad movies entertain you in some ways, even though ones not intended and avant-garde films get to  throw up questions. Those  lind of bad movies make nothing but to anger and frustrated you.
wavelength seems like the kind of movie made by some guy who likes to think about how smart he is
Well... at least Michael Snow got his film mentioned here by James Rolfe  :)
A cure for insomnia, 48hours.
I love more and more when James just sits down and talks with us.
The answer is “Things”
I liked Howard the Duck tbh
5:10 looks like the movie was a Scientific experiment for this reason your professor was showing  it
Worst movie ever? Thats easy. Meet the Feebles.
2:40 - Well, at least it did in the last episode of Jim Henson's Dinosaurs.
Have disney bought the rights and Are they making a sequel? 😜
Howard was great!!
The worst movie ever is "Rubber"
I'm not sure if experimental films count for the worst films. I feel like intent is a huge part of want makes it bad like the film "After Last Season". But still a great video, love your work.
I also believe bad films are those that are not entertaining. Badly made made films are a hoot and are entertaining if for the wrong reasons. Good topic and cool video James!👍
I enjoyed Howard the duck when I was a kid
Love the content James. Back to form?
I would say "Freddy Got Fingered" is one of the worst films I've ever seen.  Just plain trash
I was all set to nominate Manos: The Hands of Fate, but then you had a couple screen shots of it in the background, LOL!
Hmm . . . think I’ll go with _Battlefield Earth._
The only thing worse than being a bad movie, is a boring movie.  That said, the worst film I've ever seen is After Last Season. I doubt anything will top it.
One of the worst mainstream (sort of..) movies has to be Jaws 4 ..dire dire movie. The shark roars in one scene?! ..it's face bends/buckles during another scene..
Great video James, so happy to see this style of content, feels like true Cinemassacre, I remember you mentioning this movie in an old video - certainly looks weird but sorta interesting, reminds me of albums such as Sky Yen or Pulse Demon
Wonder Woman part 2
*THIS IS BIRDEMIC!!!!*  *DON’T YOU FUKIN FORGET IT!!!!!*  *DON’T YOU FUKIN REGRET IT!!!!!*  Who will survive  *WHY, DO THEY ATTACK US TODAY!???!?*  Flying menace  *BIRDEMIC* *EMIC*   Chocking noises
How about AVGN: The Movie ?
Can’t believe James filmed this during a Morbius screening.
I always say mindgamers.
Man, Master of Disguise was horrible…. I walked out of theater and 5 miles back home
Epic Movie, Date Movie, Disaster Movie or Meet the Spartans.  Take your pick.
For me it's hard If not impossible as it's so subjective.
Mother
There are so many films I despise, but to give 2 examples: Nativity 3: Dude where’s my Donkey, and Tentaclino.
Face value impression based on James' description -> there is a sort of unseen evil or negative presence that is slowly growing and infecting the scene, characters and viewer. Like a demon torturing a victim to insanity, or pushing them out of their own mind for possession. Hence the frame being locked on the photo at the end.... Sort of like the reverse of sunken place from Get Out.  The whole thing gave me Silent Hill vibes.
I would update the list with the unbearable last star wars trilogy
At least it's not Ubisoft or EA.
Just went and checked that movie Wavelenght on YT.... James was right, the movie is complete torture, the beeping noise is the worst part!
I think the worst movie I ever saw was that Hercules movie with the rock a while back it was so bad I don't remember anything that even happened in the movie
Get Out was the worst movie I've seen
The spirit only movie I’ve walked out of.
How about Ricky 1
Verotika by Glenn Danzig is the worst piece of media ever created
Saving mr banks or Ghandi or my picks. Ghandi felt so long & devoid of joy. Saving mr banks was one of the worst theater experiences ive had. I have been to theater with food poisining & had more fun.
This was awesome James! thank you for your humble opinion and your insight!
THE ROOM is the worst ever!
Nobody seen Vanquish from last year? The movie is horrible
Highlander 2.
James has graduated from pronouncing mountain as "maodin" to "maotin". Congratulations, James! You're one step closer to speaking the english language properly.
dbz evolution
Bratz the Movie, Animated Titanic movies, Where the Dead Go to Die, and more
When you said “films like this” the repetitive Poppy videos came to mind. I’m not talking about videos of her or Sinclair repeating a word, I’m talking about 25+ videos of something she’d already done.
The Predator is the worst film I ever paid to see in a theater.
I watched a similar film called _Blue_ at Uni
I might put this on to help me study. My study material will seem more interesting in comparison.
Joe vs the volcano.
I'm really glad you had that opener as you explained that a "bad movie" can have a lot of meanings. What people in popular media commonly hold as "bad movies" often pale in comparison to what is actually bad, of which many fall under the radar due to production standards. There are heaps of movies much less enjoyable than all of these "bad" movies just waiting on VHS tapes for someone to find. You know, maybe that's a good reason to completely phase out VHS, to get away from these shitheaps. Great video.
It's probably one of those animated movie rip offs
Kickassia obviously
Star Wars the Phantom Menace is one of the best Star Wars films, you people are out of your minds. There’s tens of thousands of films worse than it.
I literally felt chills just by watching the review with that slow zoom and high pitched noise. It's like being burned to your psyche.
Okay listen, freddy got fingered was hilarious
Aw, I thought he was gonna say MANOS: The Hands of Fate. ):
The Predator, Transformers: revenge of the fallen, Serafim falls, The rise of Skywalker......all awful !
It's Food Fight, no doubt about it.
Mama Mia is easily the worst movie I've ever seen.
Him: Wavelength. Me: Open Water.
Beast of Yucca Flats. Hands down
The starship troopers sequels.
The emoji movie
The Angry Video Game Nerd The Movie
the fact that you've explained this movie in detail makes it seem less real now somehow.
Gonna have to go with Actium Maximus: War of the Alien Dinosaurs.
house of the dead is definitely up there for me
2:08 one of my favorite scenes from Troll 2 is the popcorn scene
The Beast of Yucca Flats. No contest.
Hip Hop Locos
Worst movie, the last jedi.  Runner up , ghostbusters 2016
Avgn movie by far
Existence itself.
Gremlins 2 is down there. surely not as horrible as that experimental trash you describe though.
I saw a movie in "Avant Garde cinema" one was just many shots of vaginas. Of all ages. In alternating red and blue. I think o dropped that class
Any films by Jason Friedberg and Aaron Seltzer should be in the running…
I would say Godzilla’s Revenge is potentially the worst movie ever made, since it’s a mostly a glorified clip show mixed with a bootleg Barney episode. Which is sad because Godzilla 1954, and Godzilla GMK are some of my favorite films.
All I can say is that if I've watch a bad movie I don't remember it. Because the worst movie wouldn't be worth saving any brain space for.
Highlander 2 is the worst mainstream movie of all time
Pinocchio 2022 anyone? Also I’m glad you mentioned birdemic
Freddy Got Fingered did not belong in that sentence. What blasphemy.
Worst movie I've ever seen was Contact with Jodie Foster and some wedding movie with Jennifer Lopez which name I don't remember and can't find which was something about her father not allowing her to marry some guy but they end up together at the end anyway.
Angry movie nerd
The worst movie i have ever seen is Under the Skin with Scarlett Johansson. The only time that after watching a movie i felt like i wasted two hours of my life.
Wow, that wall movie had more things happening than Andy Warhol's Empire!
What about….The Claw
Mission to Mars (2000)
Battlefield Earth
House of 1000 Corpses is the worst movie Ive ever seen and the only movie I ever walked out of the movie theaters on.  However, Devils Rejects was really good!
Anyone who says that The Phantom Menace is the worst film they’ve ever seen has lived an extremely privileged life.
For me so far it's been the Polygon Godzilla anime trilogy. Triple order of wasted animation, wasted action, and wasted entertainment, heavy on the "Tell, Don't Show" mindset with a side order of pretentiousness.
Swamp zombies 2 for me.
Ultraviolet
Is being the worst really the worst? What about those that will never be recognized because they are never categorically accepted? Would there be a film that is so bad that you never show to another person or have a conversation about? This topic reminds me of Monty Python's funniest joke ever. Cheers!
Gods Not Dead I count as the worst film  have ever seen.
Pretty sure MST3K made it "Manos" The Hands Of Fate when I was a kid.
Worse film I ever seen plan 9 from outerspace... hands down
Watching the paint dry and grass grow while insects are buzzing in your ear>Wavelength.
After watching star wars the last jedi. I came out of the theater thinking. That the phantom menace wasnt bad, that Jar jar binks wasnt bad or Midi-chlorians. Last jedi is the worst star wars movie, so bad it made another movie look better. Yes even beating the holiday special
Would it even be considered a movie though? A film sure, but in my mind a movie has a story or a narrative, whether it's conveyed in a way that most would understand is likely subjective. But I'm more inclined to call Wavelength a film, based on your description of it. Idk, surely someone will have a better take on it than me.
Christmas with the Kranks was pretty bad.
Suicidemouse gets my vote
Wavelength was the spiritual precursor to Paranormal Activity
Don’t know what you are talking about. My family and I usually have Wavelength playing in the background throughout the holiday season. Thanksgiving dinner, decorating the Christmas tree, opening presets Christmas morning, etc etc. It’s our favorite holiday film!
Did I see a Manos Hands of Fate reference in there?
Wavelength reminds me of Andy Warhol's film called Empire. It's eight hours and five minutes of slow motion footage of an unchanging view of New York City's Empire State Building.
The worst movie is the last Airbender. Good God that movie should have not been made.
The idea of worst movie implicitly asks "what makes a movie, or, to be more general, any kind of art, the worst?" Personally, the idea of a worst piece of art would be one that goes against the intended purpose of art; it would have to be something that refuses to present a genuine idea or purpose. Wavelength, as irritable as it is, is clearly purposeful, and trying to provoke a stimulation. Meanwhile, something that is unable to present anything genuine or noteworthy is ultimately meaningless and frustrating beyond compare. However, a film of such nature I feel, if it does exist, would have to be accidentally made, because when one makes they pretty much have to make a statement no matter one, even if it's accidental. So in that sense, the idea of there being a worst movie seems virtually impossible, because it would just be too inorganic to be feasibly achieveable. You could probably cite a few examples that could come close, but what I'm trying to say here is that the worst film would be literally nothing.
The Last Airbender, that was a bad movie.
My criteria for the worst film ever means it needs to be like torture but yet also be achingly generic, in all the films I have ever watched escape plan 2: hades is the only one that fits this category   No enjoyment value at all and nearly unwatchable because of the cinematography
James is finally making videos his way and control
Phantom Menace is still pretty bad though....
The worst movie ever? Anything with Steven Seagal made after 2000
After Last Season is the worst I saw
The new baywatch movie was the worst movie I ever saw, at least in my opinion. But im still young
Is this really a conversation James Rolfe wants to have?
Ghostbusters Afterlife was the worst movie I've seen in awhile.
Worst film I've ever was probably the 3rd? van wilder movie.  Those later national lampoon movies give comedy a bad name.
Terminator 3 Rise of the machines at the cinema in year 2003 was terrible viewing
Top of my head, The Happening with Waterworld at a close 2nd
AVGN The Movie
Queen Kong was pretty bad
The Worst Movie is probably a comedy. I've always argued for the Richard Dreyfuss mafia comedy The Crew. Saw it in the theater with my parents and felt trapped. Joke after failed joke. Great actors and a decent budget squandered.
Wavelength is the Desert Bus of films.
my pick is Divergent
'Blue' Directed by Derek Jarman
Batman and Robin has to be imo the worst movie, I tried to watch it a few times and just can't stand it.. is just awful
Master of Disguise will always be the worst movie in my opinion. Even as a kid, I regretted watching it in theaters.
The matrix resurrections
I like the book - Showgirls, Teen Wolves and Astro Zombies by Michael Adams.  There’s some wonder’s in those pages.
Meredith Monk's "Turtle Dreams".
Frozen 2
I think for me it was Tekken
The avgn movie is up there
Nerd I need ya to watch FATAL DEVIATION! It's a martial arts film from 90s Ireland, shot on super VHS. Big Puddin' Head Jimmy Bennett saves a 'babe' from caravan Gangsters so they can have a roadside picnic. It's horrendous AND incredible! Pls consider ☘️
Oh lord, Wavelength... It's so hard to watch
The Room and Plan 9 are technically bad, but at least you can laugh at them.
all Tamakichi Anaru movies worst (imho)
Dragon Ball: Evolution.
Tornado Frances Alys
Wasn’t there an Andy Warhol movie that was basically just this but the Statue of Liberty and it was something crazy like 10 hours?
Geddy got fingered is a classic masterpiece. Red Letter media covers it flawlessly
The Seltzer/Friedberg movies.
Your own movie didn't make the list?
From 2013
One of the worst movies has to be foodfight
The one movie I regretted watching was A Serbian Film. It's not just bad, it's just sick in the worst sense. I'm not even gonna explain the plot. It's so terrible.
Birdemic worst movie ever...
Adam Sandlers Jack and Jill.  I made it through 10 mins.  Then I said no more.
Wavelength sounds horrible, but I might still be willing to watch it rather than Ghostbusters 2016 again.
but james what if thats the point
Pulp fiction
The Room
Probably some direct-to-DVD CGI animated movie I saw.
Worst Movie Ever? Answer: Every Rom-Com ever, seriously they're all the same movie just a different template of characters.
How is Wavelength is a movie? What was its earning?
Ha mine is manos.. Never heard of this looks like mk ultra lol
Reminds me of David Lynch's Rabbits, although a bit more happens there.
The room. Period.
I like Howard the duck when I was a kid but over the years I got older and saw the movie and I thought yeah I can still tolerate it.
So, you're going to guest star on a Redlettermedia video soon, right?
Freddy Got Fingered
You think that’s bad? You haven’t seen Neil Breen.
Date: where are we going? Me: we gonna watch a movie. Date: which one? Me:
The 2018 version of Robin Hood was the worse movie I've seen in a theater.
omg. Just as you said "This film has beeping in it", there was a truck beeping outside my window, and I had to pause the video to see if that's where the sound was coming from :D
So romantic~
Mortal kombat annihilation
6:36   Brain death
The worst, and best, movie ever made is Samurai Cop.
If I could go back to my Film School days I would ask "What is the point of watching films?" and then challenge the answers.
For me, the worst movies were Brüno and The Last Jedi.
The batman was one of the worst movies I've ever seen personally
Dead Pool. hands down
For me it's Pocket Ninjas. I don't know how to even attempt to describe how bad it is.
Have you seen this train wreck called Ricky1?
Ever heard of Neil Breen?
"Two mothers" Which was also marketed as "adoration" Was my worst experience in cinema, I went in blind encouraged by some friends, it hinted on leading to somewhere, it led to nowhere, nothing happened, at least nothing had any gravity, everything seemed pointless and then... It suddenly ended! I remember standing up once the film was over in shock and anger and shouted "that's it? It just ends?"
I don't REALLLLLY think Wavelength should be regarded as film,.. it's more of an Impressionist art piece, it can be regarded in many ways, but one of them, that i don't think should be attributed to it, is "a film",.. ... ... "Turtle Dreams" however,.. ... lol yeh,. that's my pick.
"After Last Season".
Worst movie ever: The Room 😂😂
The Last Jedi ?
The worst film I have ever seen has to be "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre: The Next Generation." Absolutely horrible film all around
garbage pail kids
Love James doing his thing!
Dragon Ball Evolution.
Worst film I ever saw? Date Movie
So, basically Desert Bus the movie
For me the worst movies was all the twilight saga
Velocipastor is my pick
After Last Season is probably the worst. Felt like watching someone’s screensaver for 3 hours.
Now do a video on the best game you've ever played
Attack of the Clones. When you consider the budget and talent involved, it is absolutely unforgeable how horrible and boring it is.
There's that Andy Warhol film that's a shot of the empire state for like an hour
I loved Howard the Duck back then. Who dares to criticize it !
Wavelength is still better than the AVGN Movie. Wavelength has a better plot.
Dragon ball evolution. Its not even a tiny bit entertaining. Waste of time and money. The only good thing that came out of it was that the author of dragon ball started making new dragonball manga stories. Because he was so ashamed of the movie he didnt want the movie to be the last thing thats dragonball related.
About nothing. Seinfeld worst sitcom then :(
All I know is that James is a true film student because he once mentioned Michael Snow's Wavelength in a podcast  Edit: I called it!
Feature film wise, Cannibal Holocaust is definitely in the top 3 if not the worst. I am all for shock but this move take it way too far on many levels.
Wavelength is just a home video... shouldn't count as a 'movie'' 😎
Moulin Rouge.
It's hard to pick one ultimate worst movie, but I certainly have a list of several I hate the most. but right now... I'd have to say Apocalypse Now is my most hated movie. Ask me tomorrow, and I'll give a different answer.
The worst movie that I have ever watched was Bridesmaids.  This has been the only film that I've ever seen that did not provoke a single response from me.  No laughter, no intrigue, no anger, no sadness, no annoyance.  Nothing at all.  I'd rather watch Santa with Muscles on a 24-hour loop than sit through Bridesmaids again.
Well if we’re talking about the worst film with a narrative, then I’ll go with After Last Season.
Somebody has to make a troll extended version of this movie where the closeup of a picture gets even closer and there's this 👌
Cave Man with Ringo Starr anyone? I personally love it
So is this Metal Machine Music the Movie?
The worst thing you can be is ordinary. I wouldn't know what to do if Neil Breen made an ordinary film that was just dull.
Anything with Gal Gadot. She’s the worse actress
Andy Warhol made a film of just the Empire State Building’s lights blinking with no sound and goes on I kid you not the film last 2 days!
Funny Games
Carnivore. The worst movie I have ever seen.  I rather watch the Wavelength.
Wavelength sounds like the movie equivalent to Desert Bus.
The last airbender. The movie is trash. It’s not so bad it’s good. It’s so bad, it’s BAD.
Zombeavers is the worst MOVIE I HAVE EVER SEEN
probably one of those Burt I. Gordon movies where the characters did nothing but walk around and talk in gray rooms.
cats the movie
Snakes on a Plane
To me, the less enjoyable was Independence Day
I'm going to start talking about Wavelength like it's the most interesting thing ever caught on film, thanks James ✌️
Can't wait to see dead meats kill count of wavelength.
Beaches
Independence Day 2
Wasn't this just a Watch Mojo video? I'm pretty sure they mentioned the same exact movies.
Movie 43 was the worst “comedy” movie I’ve ever seen. People walked out of the theater and I unfortunately stayed not laughing once
To me, a bad movie is one that massively fails to achieve what it reaches for. And under that definition, the worst movie ever is none other than... Batman V Superman
Neil Breen movies are all tied for the worst films
morbius?
I like to watch ''bad'' movies a lot. It's my fav thing next to great movies, i often skip out on movies that just kinda seem middle of the road but on one occasion i was on a day out with my dad and my uncle and we were gonna see something in the theaters. We saw King Arthur: Legend Of The Sword (2017) and it is legitimately the worst movie i've ever sat through. Every aspect of it fails on every level and it is dull beyond belief.
I actually thought you were going to say manos at the beginning.
Watching the movie or playing desert bus sounds equally horrible.
I’d say Krull
Wavelength sounds like the movie form of desert bus.  But aillion times worse since the idea of desert bus gets funnier by the day with games like driving simulator being popular.
As a Dragon Ball fan, Dragon Ball Evolution 😡🤬
I have trouble saying which films are the worst because I think theyd have to be completely unremarkable or genuinely offensive to the viewer and film itself.
The worst film I have ever watched is hands down, The Master of Disguise...  That movie has no redeeming qualities and is horrendous but not even in a fun way.
Personally, I would say Cats (2019). I had to look away from the screen INSIDE the theatre and if a film makes you do that, it has failed on every parameter. It was repulsive.
My personal answer for Worst Film has long been Manos: The Hands of Fate so I'm really glad to see it represented here! It's only bearable with the MST3K commentary and even then it's hard to get through
for me it is Piranha 3D, I can’t get over how audience insulting it was... I have never come across another movie that made it so abundantly clear they thought their audience was a bunch of braindead idiots.
Life of Brian-Worst Story Ever Told!
So calm ,so down to earth 🌎  so humble, so professional ,that's why we love him
Birdemic... 😂😂😂
Phantom Menace isn't even bad. It's amazing. Good thing you pointed this film out, though. Had the option of sitting through it in high school, but I took an off period instead.
No love for The Room?
Empire by Andy Warhol. Isn't that worse?
For me it's Sausage Party. I was a huge Seth Rogan fan, love plenty of raunchy comedies, etc. But this movie basically was like if a bunch of 11 year olds took over Pixar.
I'm surprised Titanic 2 didn't get a mention...
This was fun (not Wavelength) but the discussion is, I had to sit through performance art films while I studied Fine art. One artist Franko B does live blood letting performances. Lets say sitting through that in a Art history lecture made me feel very ill and gave me Hemophobia, mission accomplished I guess :)
Before the video, I think it has to be the Canadian horror film Things.
I have just three words: ..."Oh hi mark!"
Anything on RedLetterMedia's Best of the Worst really applies to this. I think the worst movie ever is one that we haven't heard of, yet- just waiting to be unearthed.
August Underground Mordem
Leningrad cowboy movies are pretty bad.
btw is WaveLength an early attempt of an analogic horror film?
I've seen bad films but none will ever top Cats. That film should be burnt alive.
Clearly the Angry Video Game Nerd Movie
I actually thought James’ personal worst film was TMNT III.
For me it would have to be Twister 2: The Terror Continues. It's just a guy narrating a compilation of tornado live footage.
It has to be Speed 2
Things. Things is the worst movie of all time.
I think the worst movie I've seen is Bewitched starring Will Ferrell.
Not gonna lie this video was interesting as hell lol. I love weird stuff like this 🤣
Oh, I think you know.
It’s funny that, even though you make a great case for why Wavelength is the worst movie ever, from a certain point of view it was still an effective movie because it brought so many emotions out of you! Even though they were all negative lol
Turtle dreams
The WIkiPedia entry for that film is absolutely glowing, LOL.
Wavelenght feels like a cursed version of that film of 10 hours of filming a building, I've never studied cinematography but I like to think these kind of films make us "think" and fill the void of unknown with our own thoughts and visions because that's it, that's the whole thing that happens in the screen, they drain our thoughts.
@3:42 For a moment I thought you were gonna say Manos The Hands of Fate
Surprised you didn't say Ricky I lol
Dude, Freddie Got Fingered was awesome.
The worst worst movie I ever saw was Jack and Jill.  By far
The Last Airbender.
The worst movie i have seen most be cannibal holocaust...
Reminds me of sitting and smiling videos
Wow, I'm gonna watch this movie.  Maybe it will inspire me to (finish the sentence)
Who cares?
Wavelength was filmed in the Backrooms lol
The last jedi ✋
If you think Wavelength is bad, there's a movie called Empire that's just old pictures of the Empire State Building for 6 hours
To me, the worst movie of all time is Manos: Hands of Fate. For all of Ed Wood's lack of skill, he still had a love for his craft. Manos' entire existence was to settle a bet.
Ballistic: Ecks vs. Sever
LOL @ Throwing The Phantom Menace in there. So random.
yea that video sounds like a really dumb idea someone came up with while tripping on acid.. c'mon it was 1967.
someone has to say it, the AVGN movie has no re-watch value.. There was a film I seen as a kid released in 1994 called ''Chicken Park''  it was a Jurassic Park knock off with giant chickens.
Bloodsucking Freaks or Alien Blood
At least Wavelength features distorted Strawberry Fields
Wavelength is the film equivalent to desert bus
Most people only talk about movies they hate, lol
My parents once bought a cheap collection of movies in the Zombie series, and the effects were mostly great, but aside from that it seemed like some of them were created to spite the very concept of entertainment.
What about Barn Of The Blood Llama?
rubber
So its like Desert Bus...but as a movie?
Troll 2, that movie was godawful
Casshern
I say the last few Bruce Willis movies.
This was really enjoyable to watch. :)
You had me till you dissed Phantom Menace
Last movie with Bruce Willis, Apex, has to be the worst movie ever made
Worse move is "Zombie Nation", it is barely a movie, and it estimated $1,500 budget I think was spent on making the artwork for the box/poster graphic.
Honestly, the worst movie I have ever seen was Cats.
"Angry Video Game Nerd: The Movie" was one of the worst movies I've ever seen and it was a monumental disappointment.
not gonna like, James explaining this film makes me want to watch it. Sounds like a genius sensory experience.
Star Wars The Phantom Menace was the most disappointing thing since my son.
The Master of Disguise was one of my favorite guilty pleasures. It's no Citizen Kane but Dana Carvey's impression of Quint from Jaws always makes me laugh.
Bad films are the ones you don’t remember hardly because you erased them from your mind
Thankskilling 3 is my number one worst movie right now
Sharknado is the best worst movie ever! Love them so much.
I personally liked Plan 9 from Outer Space. But the worst movie I've ever seen was the Garbage Pail Kids movie.
master of disguise for me, I haven't been able to finish it yet
Joe Dirt 2. Try to make it through if you don't believe me.
Blood on the Highway will forever be the worst to me..but i still enjoy watchin it when i can 😂
Incredible Hulk 2003
Roadie, 1980, brutal, but entertaining in its "badness."
Andy Warhol's Empire.
This is an easy one for me. Its a film Im shocked so many people actually like, but I cant stand it. My #1 most hated film Ive seen so far, Is Nick Cage's "Mandy". I fvcking loathe that film and pretty much have a x-mas list of reasons I think its a fly-killing, robust steaming putrid clomp of deep fried dogshit, if the dumbest, most talentless employees at LJN made a film, this would be it. Tmv~
Sadako 2019......Answered
The worst movie for me personally is a little film called "After Last Season". It is unbelievable how bad that movie is.
Seraphim Falls had so much potential, but ended up being awful
August Underground Mordum is the worst film ever!
From the movies I watched there are 2 movies that stick out for the worst movie ever: "Ballistic: Ecks vs. Sever" and "Dungeons an Dragons'. I can't decide which one is worse.
Hahaha... what a story, James.
*Ghostbusters 2016*
Robovampire for sure
Don't watch this film, don't even look it up for your sanity: A Serbian Film is my worst movie.  It made me physically ill at points with it's gratuitousness and disgust factor.  I truly wish it hadn't been made so I never would have seen it.  The only quotable line from the movie would get you potentially jailed or killed to say it near someone who hadn't seen the movie.  I hate that it takes up space in my head whenever these conversations come up, and I wish I could forget the movie in its entirety.
easy, the worst movie EVER is a tie between "disney wars, episode 8 and 9, the last jedd clampett and the fall of landwalker"
Imagine the professors who sat through this movie once every year.
troll 2 is so bad it's good.
The worst movie I've ever seen is "Halloween III: Season of the Witch!"  They took my favorite movie franchise and made that abomination!  The sequels to "The Omen" and the ones to "The Exorcist" would have to be on my list, too!  Lotta bad horror movie sequels!
I never ever managed to pass the 15 min mark on any Uwe Boll film…
Wavelength vs Bruce Hoglund on molten salt reactors  Which film is better
Fast and furious 9. Makes Sharknado look plausible
The Phantom Menace, hands down.
I think that Terror Toons is the worst movie I've seen.
Easy, anything starring Brie Larson.
Oh hi Mark!
Seed by uwe boll . Horrible nasty movie.
Ricky 1
Just watching the clips were torture 😂
That's an easy one for me.  I've been brainwashed by MST3K/Rifftrax to find humor (and thus entertainment value) in terrible, _truly terrible_ movies. To name a few: Feeders, The Last Slumber Party, Godmonster of Indian Flats, Lycan Colony, The Apple.   All of these are hilarious but unbelievably awful.  I'm forgiving of bad 50s movies but the 70s and 80s were particularly terrible. Forgot about James Nguyen films.
2004 Taxi remake with Queen Latifah. Only movie i have ever turned off.
Shrek 4 is atrocious, it's my all time least favorite movie and it ruined Shrek as a whole.
Lost Highway is pretty bad.
He needs to review one with Doug
I thought he would say Ricky I. I'm old.
Worst movie I've seen was something called  Brain Twisters from 1991. It was so bad my brain soft rebooted and I forgot what anything of that movie was about
Worst movie I have seen: Emoji Move Best movie I have seen: Spider-Man Into the Spider-Verse
I don't remember any movies in my time being bad. Except for the Live Action rendition of Beauty and the Beast. I prefer the animated version of the movie way more.
How can Catwoman not be mentioned??
When the Nerd posts, I watch.
the worst movie ever is..   that film on netflix...  DONT SAY ITS NAME OR SHOW THAT CURSED POSTER!!
Mission to Mars.  The correct answer is Mission to Mars.  Worst.  Film.  Ever.  🤣
Worst film I've ever seen is The Babadook
I had to watch it in a film class too it was so painful
I love these Film school Storys!
What's the name of that Andy Warhol film where a guy is sleeping? Apparently the most action is when the guy is turning over.
When James was talking about the Razzies, I was expecting Catwoman and Revenge of the Fallen
worst movie ever? I'd say Fast and Furious. All of them.
so this movie is about that photo of waves?? oh please!
I love the hat dude.
Worst films for me are those overly-pretentious dramas with on your nose messages or whose messages are just completely broken by the narrative itself to the point of being hypocritical.  Also autobiographies/biographies where it clearly paints the protagonist as a saint or messiah, especially ones where the protagonist is a politician or religious figurehead.
More videos like this Plz
Andy Warhol's "Empire" from 1965 -   eight hours of slow motion footage of an unchanging view of Empire State Building
You know I wasn't sure what to expect from this video. I was thinking alright James is gonna pick something obscure that I don't really know, Maybe heard about once in passing. No this is something I doubt many people know even exists and it truly sounds like one of the worst viewing experiences ever.
Cannibal Holocaust
Manos: The Hands of Fate is a painful one to bare, even through Mystery Science Theater 3000.
3:13 sadly still only sharknado 6
Now go back to making AVGN videos.
For me its the AVGN movie
There were only 2 movies that I actually walked out of the movie theater in the middle of. Scary Movie 4, and Timeline. So one of those would be my personal pick.
This actually sounds like a crazy social experiment.
Dragon Ball Evolution would have to be my personal worst. I saw it in theaters and got my hopes up way too much.
I love that you are still at it. I’ve been watching your videos for 10 years
I would say the Last Airbender 2010 movie. And Disaster Movie 2008
The Phantom Menace >>> The Last Jedi
Rubber, no contest for me.
What is with the hate for Phantom Menace? Attack of the Clones was so much worse...
Included in the 1001 movies you must see before you die by Steven Schneider
I'd nominate any of those recent "Bruce Willis movies". They're not even entertainingly bad in a 'haha look at how inept this is' kind of way.
Dragonball evolution 2009 is the worst ever
My vote is for Daisy's Destruction by director Peter Skully.
RPM with David Arquette....Just terrible
I was thinking the worst film would need to have like a shaky camera or like here a loud beep. Something to really make you want to run for the exit.
Jack and Jill easy
I'm surprised no one has mentioned *Things* eh?  or *Korean Tron*
Can't believe they made a movie out of an office's cctv footage
Rise of Skywalker and Shane Black’s The Predator compete as the worst films I’ve ever seen.
Dang I was a kid and liked howard
Freddie Got Fingered and Batman v Superman have got to be up there for me
Easiest question ever: the answer is Where the Dead Go To Die.  That movie has no point except to be disgusting and disturbing intentionally.
Lost in Translation
Zombie world
Have you seen Howling VII? Strong contender
The Worst movie that I've heard about would be Food Fight
This film is the cinematic equivalent of LJN Video Art.
Batman and Robin is a good movie IMO
Desert bus the movie
Red Planet (2000) comes to mind.
Redlettermedia settled that years ago. It’s “Things”, followed closely by “Wicked World”. They seem to have been edited via wood chipper.
Lost in Translation...  Period.
Batman vs. Superman!😫
You should talk about movies a lot more.
Probably supposed to be high to watch it
The worst movie I have ever seen so far is Music and Lyrics(2007) with Hugh Grant and Drew Berrymore. I had a girlfriend that made me go see it with her in the theater. It was horrible.
Interesting choice.  My choice would be Manos The Hands Of Fate.
i know the worst
death racer 2050
I'm gonna have to go with Face/Off
I don't find phantom menace that bad actually, the one I least liked was attack of the clones.
Uwe Boll´s House of dead is the worst
Wavelengths is the *Dr. Jeckyl & Mr. Hyde* of movies
2:11 The fly on his forehead - priceless!
I love movies I hate !
I feel like a film being the worst movie ever is clearly relative because someone might think a film is the worst but another might think it’s great or something. It’s definitely hard to define what’s truly the worst movie ever that would have a general consensus as the worst movie ever because we all have differing opinions on various films.
8:33 Say goodbye to your hearing
Of course you can do worse than the Phantom Menace. Have you never seen the Star Wars sequel trilogy?
Titanic and Avatar for the big budget category, and pretty much anything on Netflix
Right hands up if your going to find this movie to watch it ✋🏻
It's Inception.
To me, After Last Season is probably the dullest and most head scratching experience I've had watching a movie. Wavelength sounds even more taxing than that.
So how many typed Wavelength movie in the search bar?
**THE ROOM** is the BEST WORST MOVIE
The Last Jedi
Personally I don't think this film really counts. It's specifically experimental and isn't trying to entertain. I think choosing a mainstream movie with money behind it that is actually trying to capture the imagination of the culture would be a better pick.
Was this a take on modern art?
Worst movie I've ever seen is Isaac Asimov's Nightfall. Absolutely intolerable.
Great video  My least favorite movie at least in my opinion is spring breakers  It’s pretty much jersey shore the movie and it tries way too hard to be deep  As the film progresses you really don’t care about what goes on   Unfriended is another terrible film that is just nothing but a Skype chat disguised as a found footage horror film
Unwatchable disturbing movie to me is mac and me and I blame my family member for rented it on vhs I was 7 in 1991 I saw it a year before in 1990 I was 6 a friend gave me the vhs tape of mac and me😱
1975's Shivers was the worst movie I've ever seen...
That is not avant garde. That is someone trying and failing miserably to be Andy Warhol.
8:33 GHAA! Wish you would at least have given another answer of a movie that is like an actual movie.
Uwe Boll, anyone? House of the Dead, BloodRayne, Alone in the Dark.. so bad, it ain't even funny..
I'd rather watch Wavelength then Freddy got fingered any day.
No Way Home
The worst movie I have ever seen was Speed Racer from 2008.
I would say Jaws 4 but I actually kinda enjoy watching it 😜
The worst movie I’ve ever seen was called “Blood Hunger”. It was released on vhs by a company called Even Steven Productions. It’s the gold standard for me.  2nd place goes to “The Bunnyman Massacre”.
What is the worst movie?  Bio-Dome. Easily.
Worst movie ever was called 'The House That Screamed'. Nothing comes close
Superman returns. Only movie I've ever fallen asleep watching
Either Graveyard Shift or The Mangler
Can you even call it a movie?
Freddy Got Fingered is unironically a fantastic movie. I will defend it until my dying breath.
For me the two worst mainstream movies I ever saw were Street Fighter legend of Chun Li and Mortal Kombat Annihilation
Are we absolutely sure this film isn't cursed? Because this feels REALLY cursed.
Worst movie ever in my opinion has got to be the Donnie Darko sequel.
Johnny Mnemonic but it's bad in the best way possible
I really would like to know what you think about Klaus Kinski and Werner Herzog. Would that be something worth making a video? Or maybe just a video about Kinskis freak outs would be interesting.
After Last Season. nothing else comes close
That new Matrix is in the running.
I had a film appreciation class and the teacher talked about a movie called Empire.  It was a 1965 Andy Warhol film, and all it is is a 8 hour shot of the Empire State Building.  For 8 hours the film is nothing but watching lights go on and off in the building as the overnight clean-up crews go room to room.
Much worse
Following the Mojo of Mr Nerd. I ve gotta say THE TREE OF LIFE...i honestly never experience an unconfortable momments on a movie teather (not even GLITTER ....GOSH GLITTER FFS) but that pile of humid putrid horsh*t..... i truly wanna go out from the cinema. BTW Nerd for me you are the GOAT YOUTUBER. PERIOD
MOONFALL
Manos for me, what a joke
James did you saw Rubber from 2010?
I kind of liked Plan 9. It's a goofy film I could at least laugh at, and can help basic film makers do some films without dropping tons of money. Definitely not the mainstream worst.
The live action Cat in the Hat is up there as one of the worst films I ever sat through.  Lion King 2019 was also pretty miserable. Both high contenders.
Major League Back to the Minors, was one I thought was especially horrible. We saw it opening weekend at like 7pm on a Friday and there was 5 other people in the theatre besides us.. we actually walked out of it, and I've seen some really bad movies. A lot of People say Jaws the Revenge is up there as well, but I never saw that in theatres
The worst movie I've ever seen is Keith Lemon: The Film and I highly doubt I'll ever find a movie I hate more.
Manos-Hand of Fate!!!
for me it's either the remake of The Fog or the remake of Flatliners. In the name of the king is up there too. terrible films.
The worst films I've ever seen were _Red Zone Cuba_ and _The Beast of Yucca Flats_ , both made by Coleman Francis. Francis makes Ed Wood look like Orson Welles.  Also, the Razzies are a farce.
The wickerman had nic cage which makes it great
Freddy Got Fingered was clearly a giant shitpost before anyone was ready for it. It was clearly intentional. It's an incredible film.
TMNT 3
Terminator Genisys just up there as worst movie ever.
Super Mario Bros..
Jaws 4. Easy. Any more brain busters?
Monster a-go-go!
That's easy to answer, Star Wars: The Last Jedi.
hey Doug Walker we got a movie for ya
Matrix 4
Freddy Got Fingered was awesome!
"Granny". No contest.
Last Jedi.
Rob Zombie’s Halloween 2….🤨
DragonBall evolution is imo the worst film ever made
Sounds like the movie was very provocative
Easy: Rocky Horror Picture Show
Easy, THE ROOM  "YOU'RE TEARING ME APPART, NERD!!"
Plan 9 was a great movie. Manos or the room
How in the world I never heard of this film as a movie!
We are caught up playing the impassioned protagonist in our Subjective Narrative of Self..🎈
The AVGN movie
I know what Brad's answer would be, Nukie.
"Música de viento" from Chespirito (1988)
This video came out on my Birthday [Today] and this video is a great gift for me
Super Duper Heist Squad! Available on Tubi and other streaming services.
Thankskilling though I enjoyed it. It’s bad
Wavelength 2: The Revelation
For me the worst movie I have ever seen is movie 43.
You're all wrong. It's Vampires VS Zombies.
This gave me vibes of Begotten, very curious what James thinks of that one haha
The guy in wavelength died of boredom. Why was this even made? I just don’t get it at all. Maybe it was made for some kind of CIA torture tactic lol
The Open House and The Forest. Released in 2016 and 2018 respectively
Rollergator
Excellent topic, that is an exercise is temperament, torture, the worst narrative theatrical release would be a fun topic to explore
This reminds me of Empire by Andy Warhol which is 8 hours of a shot of the Empire State Building
Thanks for the warning James.
Food Fight
The Last Airbender.
Resident Evil: The Final Chapter
Of full theatrical releases it’s CATWOMAN.
For me, either Stage Fright (a meanspirited musical comedy masquerading as an '80s slasher throwback) or Sucker Punch (Zack Snyder's worst movie and a plotless experience in pretentiousness and OP plot armour).
I’d rather watch wavelength while sitting on thumbtacks than sit through rollergator
The most pretentious "avantgarde" film ever
Three words: Turkish Star Wars
Eternals. White Chicks. Fast and the Furious 9
Last jedi
Answer:.  Any Lady Gaga movie.  Nuf said!
James what do you think about the "movie" Triloquist? I think it Is a winner of worst movie.
Disaster movie. Literally the worst movie in history.
2008 'Meet Dave' (Worst movie ever)......no wait......1997 'G.I. Jane'
Henry’s Crime. Keanu looked like he didn’t want to be there... What a snorefest lol... 🤣
SKELETONMAN 2004  is the worst filme i ever seen.
I am going to smoke a blunt and give it a go!
Vampfather
Jaws the revenge
The Rise of Skywalker is a fairly recent example of a cinematic tragedy
it sounds more of a torture movie loll
Freddie got Fingered is legit awesome!
Like Disney they will bore them off or cut them off one way or another
Scream 2022, the whole movie gave me PTSD 🤢🤢😑😑
I agree with Yahtzee's thoughts on bad games. The bland, nothing games are worse to play than something actively bad. The same is true with films. Really bad is better than really bland
The Room
The worst off the top of my head: Undead (2003).
The AVGN movie....facts lol
Angry Video Game Nerd: The Movie
Space Jam
2001: A Space Travesty.
Dark Heaven and Vapid Shallow Supermodels Must Die are the worst ones i've seen.
Easy  Mars Needs Moms
I thought you were going Hands of Fate there for a second 😂 Can’t argue with that though.
it's Freddy Got Fingered
InAPPropriate comedy.
I feel like making the worst film ever is as impossible as making the best film ever
It looks like a found footage/analogue horror film it's like the worlds longest wait for a jumpscare.
Shazam - Sinbad.
The Oscars are doing better than they have in 10 years.
The Room
Paul blart 2 Dumb and dumber 2
The AVGN movie
Star wars the last 3 movies
I personally think it’s “After Last Season”.
MNIGHTSHAMALAN's Last Airbender!!!!! heck! even joshua and the promised land looks great than shamalan's Last Airbender!.
Worst movie ever?! Catwoman….so bad DC took their name of the movies!!
"thats the fantastic part about it"
Freddy got fingered, I still want my money back 20 years later
"Oh, hi Mark"
Titanic
Glad to see ur still putting out content
FGF is one of the most funny movie i have ever watched. I love it!
The wall film looks like security footage
If you think that a 45 minute shot of a wall is dull, check out Andy Warhol’s ‘Empire’ which consists of nothing more than a static shot of the Empire State Building for 8 HOURS!
Kung pow is by far the worst film in recent memory that I have watched.
My personal worst movie ever is Mary Poppins!
"Head"
Return of Swamp Thing is pretty bad.
Objectively  Who Killed Captain Alex is the worst movie made due to the less than 100 dollar budget But I think it’s a decent movie because of the passion put into it
_'Manos, The Hand of Fate'_ should rank high in the "worst" movie category. Convoluted story, terrible acting, direction, cinematography and pretty much completely unwatchable.
Uwielbiam Twój kanał 👍👏💪💥🎊
That movie with Jennifer Lopez in the 2000s.
Gods of Egypt. The only movie I ever fell asleep to... and also The Last Jedi - the only movie where I wanted to leave the cinema, but there was too many people (it was at the premiere) and I couldn't...
Ghostbusters 2016
Star Wars: Ep. 9: The Rise of Skywalker is pretty bad.
any film that is memorable enough to be considered the "worst film" is not the worst film
The Angry Video Game Nerd Movie
Natale In India  An italian christmas comedy released in 2003 Here in italy is a legend of bad movies and the fact that it was a success at the box office makes it only more insulting
Freddie Got Fingered
Plan 9 from Outer Space
Angry Video Game Nerd: The Movie, unironically.
Things and Manos: The Hands of Fate are the worst.
Foodfight...     No questions asked.
Titanic!!! The stupidest movie ever made!!!
Space Jam: A New Legacy *has* to be up there for me. It should be used in film school to teach people every single thing NOT to do when you’re making a film.
Dumb and Dumber 2 comes close.
Holmes and Watson
sup
In my opinion the best worst movie ever made is The Room by Tommy wiseau
Freddy vs Jason is pretty bad, although it’s entertaining because of the two famous horror icons fighting
"THINGS" from 1989.
Man-Thing (2005)
The Mr Freeze Drinking Game.
Recently I watched Noah's Shark. The name says it all but it's even worse than I expected it to be. You've got to see it to believe it.
Fools Gold is the worst movie ever.
Cool world is the worst movie
I watched "The many saints of Newark" recently and thought it was a big let down. Could of done so much more with a prequel to one of HBO's best ever programmes.
This video hits a little goes to home.
Scorpion King
Plug head Rewired:circuitry man2.
The Keith Lemon movie
I always love these videos where you sit down and talk about movies, love you James!
The ghostbusters with all the women.
Worst in recent memory might be serenity (2019 or 2018). The twist is so nonsensical.
Pretty sure James said that the WORST film he ever saw was Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles 3.
It’s gotta be fant4stic for me. What an abomination. Unfortunate that the studio got involved and mess it all up.
Mortal Kombat 2021
Rob Zombie's Halloween films are some of the worst i have seen.
Leprechaun 4.
Charlie's Angels: Full Throttle
The Terror of Tiny Town.  Look it up.
Angry Video Game Nerd: The Movie
avatar
Worst movie for me is andything made by illumination
Plumbers Don't Wear ties
To me the worst movie ever made has to be dragon Ball evolution. They didn't even care to stay faithful to the anime or the manga. 😡
Hillside Cannibals. Absolutely without doubt
Rambo 4 and next y Friday 13
The Godfather.
Two words...               *FOOD*               *FIGHT*
I actually love the exorcist 2. And it looks beautiful and has an amazing score.
Troll 2 gave me nightmares as a kid, but as an adult, it cracks me up.
You can just walk over it
A new video from you guys been here since forever before that I used to hang around on the Cinemassacres website
Where the dead go to die.
Morbius they say.
The Avgn movie           I’m joking                 Or am I?
Boyhood?
I love these videos from James Rolfe
Well this will be interesting
Cabin Fever
Been watching James videos since I was 14 love this guy
Great video!
Worst movie ever is a title constantly fought for by modern Hollywood.
Planet 9 is soooooo bad
Titanic 1997 🤮
Emoji Movie
Definitely the Last Airbender!  Big disgrace to the avatar franchise
Literally just watching your videos and this came up
Interesting.
I LOVE YOU JAMESSSS
Dragon Wars and Rollerball are on that list.
Is there any plans on bringing the podcast back?
The Titanic Animated Films with the giant octopus. *ABSOLUTE ATOMIC BOMBS*
Definetly avgn the movie
Cinderella Baiana...
Guest House… don’t ever watch it
The Room
Ehhhh what's up doc?
When is the next avgn video
Star Wars sequel trilogy and Matrix Resurrections. They had no story line whatsoever.
freddy got fingered is a classic
Dragon ball evolution
Easiest answer: The Super Mario Bros. Movie. (1993)
AVGN: The Movie
Feels illegal to be early
A question that can't be definitively answered.
Let's goooooo
Ishtar
BIRDEMIC!
💫
AVGN Movie
Second
Cats
Let's gooo
Nice!
