Star of the kitchen back home venice is for love.hells angels.
FORD MOTOR COMPANY, THE ENGINE OF THE WORLD 👏👏👏🇧🇷🇮🇱
Hello I'm from Brazil! I bought an old Ford, Ka 2003. Its emblem had a dark film on top covering the mark. Today I decided to remove it. I cleaned the emblem and to my surprise I came across an emblem with a dark background and golden letters and inner circle and has a leather-like appearance. Is it a commemorative version, something different for some reason? I was curious. Car: Ford KA 2003 1.0 GL
Since the plant is closed and Ford says they put in their best offer to the UAW, which they rejected....is there a future for these trucks? Are you moving the plant to Mexico?
🎉 18:53
1:12
The intro guitar is why I stayed
JIM THANK YOU FOR ALL INFO GIVING TO US , MAKE US STRONG …WE AMERICA ARE IN THE PROCESS OF BUILDING OUR NORTH AMERICAN BEST EVER BUILT CIVILIZATION, FORD IS OUR STRENGTH, WE DO HAVE OTHER MANUFACTURE SECURING OUR  VEHICLE  ACTION JEEP, HYUNDAI , CHEVY AND LIFE …BUT FORD IS MORE THAN OUR LIFE . CLAUDIA
EN FRANCAIS CE SERAIS MIEUX !!!
Best heavy duty trucks out there. Thankyou Ford! 💯
Don't ever forget the farmer in your commercials you should have had one of those trucks pulling in a grain bin and one of them being an emergency vehicle but don't forget the farmers they're just as important as the builders if not more you got to eat to be able to build.
RAM
I've been a Ford truck owner for 30 years. If Ford honored us workers so much they wouldn't charge as much as they do to make their billions in profit every year. Food for thought. A fully loaded F-350 King Ranch is now 100,000.00 while yearly incomes are way below that. In 1970 you could buy a fully loaded family vehicle for a quarter of your yearly income. What happened???
All Ford or any US manufacturer has to do is to look at Porsche and how they design digital instrumentation!!! Absolutely the best of the best in the world!   And look at what Chevy did in the C8!!! Looks like a high school kid did it!!! And look at the interior of the 911 GTS !!!
I hate the look of the bedside steps 😭
The new digital display is a step backwards!  Should have kept analog scales even if in  digital format!!   Analog scales are easier to read than actual numbers!!!  Come on Ford, what were your engineers thinking and to have management approve it?!!!
Hey Ford, when are you going to stop designing a safety issue into your auto transmissions? This issue is not just on  the Super Duties but on every vehicle Ford makes that has an auto transmission!!! •  Has Ford fix their transmission lockout problem that prevents the driver from using an open palm to push the shift lever from D into N in an emergency (disconnecting the engine from the drivetrain) without fear of engaging R?!!!  All Ford's competitors do not have this issue and nor do cars from BMW, Mercedes, Audi, Toyota, Honda, Lexus just to name a few!!!   Come on Ford - did you fix it or did you intentionally design in a bad safety feature?!!!
From what has been posted on line, there are over 40,000 2022 Super Duties parked at the Kentucky motorspeedway waiting for missing computer chips! Those won't be delivered until well into 2023! So when will the 2023s be delivered ?  2024?!!!
Not a fan of electric vehicles. Too soon. Would love an F-350 SUper Duty King Ranch edition though, but who can afford that?
I would NEVER feel safe or driving FORD vehicles ever again.  I alway think buying fird is like $ / pound.  Poor quality, worst durability and definitely NOT longevity product.  The cost to buy due to high cost of the union.  Thank you but no thank you.
Where is Kirk?
Not a fan of the new grill design.
Advertise all you want, selection at dealers is minimal, replacement parts are backordered
Purchased new in 2015 and had no issues so far, use it for towing my travel trailer, only 42,000 on it and still looks new! Will always own one.
3 minutes of music nothingness almost lost me. I'm already annoyed.
As an owner of a 2017 F-350, I'm presumably a target for this video. But, I don't have all day. This was released over a week ago, yet the first several minutes, including a 'countdown' was a complete waste of time and the music is just plain ANNOYING! I also don't need the psychological stereotyping in what immediately follows. This is as bad as Cadillac's ads that say nothing about their new electric car, but waste the viewer's time by showing how chic owners are, inferring that prospective buyers will become the same by owning one. Spare me this B.S. I'm glad it's built in Kentucky. But, please. Keep that brief, and let's get on with the introducing the TRUCK.  Through the first 25 minutes, the ONLY feature enumerated was the 120 Volt outlet. It was not until 29 minutes into a 42 minute video that other features were mentioned --- onboard scales (nice), box steps, handholds and an extended tailgate step. So, the first 70% of this video was general info. Relative to the TITLE of this video, the first 70% was just fluff. I don't mind some general promo info, where it is being built (already knew that), and Ford's plans for electric vehicles. But, less than 10 minutes (less than a quarter) of this video was SuperDuty specific.   The scale feature is interesting. But as shown, it applies for a fifth wheel and/or gooseneck. In this case, essentially all of the trailer's weight is applied to the rear wheels, easing the use of a scale on just the rear axle. Question: Does the scale function also work for bumper pull? If it does, and that trailer uses load equalizers, then scales must also be implemented on the front axle. Is this done? (Super kudos if 'yes')  I am disappointed that NOTHING was mentioned about the engine options and improvements, possible transmission changes, change in ratings, lighting options and improvements (the incandescents on my 2017 are terrible, comparable to my 1969 Chevy C20), the PTO, etc. That nothing was mentioned in 43 minutes says a lot.  It would be nice if Ford offered two options - rear air springs and a locking FRONT differential. Installing these via. upfitters should be an unnecessary complication.  Another wish is more ready access to specifications for payload and towing capacity. The salesmen I spoke with prior to my purchase were utterly useless. It took me a long time to determine payload and towing, based on a F-350, SRW, 4x4, Diesel, crew cab, long bed, differential gear choice, and then finding the options (e.g.camper package) to maximize it. This should be a quick task.
HMMM...my 2019 F250 supercab leaks badly. Looks like first owner dumped it at auction to avoid dealing with the leak. A manufacturing defect that leads to something as grossly wrong as a leaky cab shouldn't go out of coverage in 36000 miles.  Not sure if I'll ever trust ford again.
All of this yet no one address how over priced they are. Yes they are commercial grade but that's not an excuse.
The woke cringe of Ford is strong in this video.
I drive a F550 for work and it's towing capability is better than anything else out there. Ford is not a software company so hopefully they can manage the challenge of platform stability as the vehicles age with all these chips and computing.
Wish my 2019 F-250 Laredo had that step behind the back door to get into the bed. Just a bit late.🤨
Please bring back mercury.
Number one reason to get any Ford is they employ more U.S. workers than any other manufacturer. While G.M. and Chrysler close more US factories and build new in Mexico and China, Ford spends money here!! They don’t do everything right , but who does?? I hear people whining about aluminum boxes and bodies but I see a helluva lot of Ram(especially) and GM vehicles that are less than 10 years old and already have rust problems!! I have a 2003  F-350 that I plow snow with that is just starting to bubble in a few spots. Like I said nobody’s perfect but I’m sticking with Ford, especially for making more stuff HERE!!
Any chance you could add an EV charger to the truck so we can help those EV drivers when they're out of battery power on the highway?
Ram already has a H.O. option their diesel engines….your late to the show and why make the annoucement if your not ready to give the information? Is it a matter of “you can’t make the rest of the truck last”? Trans will be the next issue.  Perfect truck……Ford body, Cummins engine and an Allison transmission.
You still couldn't put LEDs as a standard across all trims. Just as a safety measure.  1. Bring the headlight housing a bit around the fender like the 2020 gen/look. As it sits now, the headlights look like a 90's Chevy van.  2. LEDs should be standard in the rear for sure. to make braking and turn signaling to be the brightest and most noticeable in any lighting condition and be the safest. Why should a low trim have less of a safety function, we live in a time that LED's are not so expensive to manufacture and install on a truck that it has already designed on the higher trims, it shouldn't make a big financial difference to put the LED housing/assembly on the frikin xl/low trim levels. But it does make an expense difference when you make all different types of cheap and more advanced headlight housing. Remember that safety shouldn't only be given to the folks who can afford a freaking king ranch or fancier lariat Options. At least basic LED brakes and turn signals should be a safety feature available on all trucks. LED front turn signals and headlights as well, but that's a bonus but still necessary in this day and age  3. Make a new v10 option as another high tourqe option for the 6.7L besides the 7.3L
28 min 52 seconds, soul left her body.
It’s too bad y’all consider diesel and electric as too expensive to put together in a hybrid truck. Y’all really could do a lot with hybrid super duties
Another year of trucks too tall to fit comfortably through a standard garage door. Thanks again.
Ford built without your tax dollars👍👍🇺🇸
😂fords trying to beat ram and gm
The dealerships got to go.  Just keep service centers.
It's still got that dumb sloped front-door window!!! Just stop, Ford!! JUST STOP IT!!!!
Do we have to have the stupid step on the bed?
Yo I didn’t know he was part of the ford family, I love this Farley dude! He motivates me to want and strive for more, cuz I needs me one of them super duty’s. Thank you to the hard workers who make the trucks that help build America!
Just bring back the 1999
COSTA RICA ............magnificent truck...It will always be and will continue to be my favorite truck.
Why do they still call Kentucky a commonwealth? It’s not under the thumb of England
Dude sounds just like Nelson betterment the 3rd
That front end looks old
Ford makes some crazy Trucks. Definitely will consider in my look for a truck.
Did they add new stronger front stabilizer to the  F450 SuperDuty?  Just put the order in for 2023 F450 Limited and got the order email confirmation from Ford.  I can't wait till Spring 2023. I am planning to purchase Premium maintenance and Ford Extend warranty for 10 years 175k miles at the time of delivery.  Can Ford add TPMS on F450?   This is my 5th Ford and all has been great.   Go Ford.
all I need to hear is that your are bringing the two doors back.
I'll remember you dealers that were asking $20k to $30k over MSRP.... you'll never get my business again.
I have Bought 2 Of the 7.3 2022 I love Them
Ford… please tell me when I will receive my 2021 F450, I ordered in March of 2021
What happens to the thousands waiting for chips.?
Will be glad when my truck comes in .  Been 7 months on order.  Glad I bought. 2022 before that stupid step in the front of the bed came out.  I have that on my GMC and it does not work.  That is why I went with Ford instead of the GMC.  Wanted another Limited but the the interior color turned me off.  I loved my camel back color in the 2019 Limited.  Had to go with the king ranch this time.  $92,000 and still waiting for 7 months
I would be so excited for a Superduty built for off road as well "Superduty Raptor". I could imagine the cost too.
Y’all ain’t Apple… stooooooooopppppp
Cool but 2022's are sitting and waiting on parts for their owners. I've even had an F150 on order since Feb. 11th and still no actual ETA. So, great you're coming out with 2023's. How about we get the 2022's to the customer first? That would be great...
These people are so happy on stage knowing there basically steeling from everyone with these ridiculously priced trucks. They make millions  while them and  the dealers rip us all off   Not trying to be so negative it’s just unreal. What they don’t tell you in this vid is there poor souls had to rais the truck price. $33,000 dollars.
I've owned  Super Duty's for over 20 years and I absolutely love them! They are a true work horse that hasn't let me down and I will continue to purchase them. However, it would be nice to have a steel bed option. I purchased my latest truck brand new in September of 2017  and it has some holes & dents from metal fence posts and wood. Farmers and loggers don't toss things gingerly and I noticed the first puncture the following spring. Personally the Super Duty is purchased for work/hauling, mileage is just a bonus.
Ford please tell us that we will get an update to the current godzillas. Just got my 22 f350 7.3 cclb and can’t justify ordering another new one yet lol. Love it to say the least.
I used to own only Ford trucks, not anymore since they went to a aluminum body, I know two people who have them and say that the truck is too light, everytime a semi goes by their trucks sway and have lost the weigh to pull.
Where the Spirit of the Lord is .... There is Liberty.    Raymond Shyptycki
I wish Ford put less into electric, I would never buy one wokesters and greenies love em not for a working man......
Built Ford tough  .
"Customer don't need to worry about their generator being stolen -- they'll just steal the whole truck, instead, now..."  When is Ford going to work on better security for these trucks??
Will they get rid of the driving learning feature in the 10 speed please that needs to be reflashed
I've owned  Super Duty's for over 20 years and I absolutely love them! They are a true work horse that hasn't let me down and I will continue to purchase them. However, it would be nice to have a steel bed option. I purchased my latest truck brand new in September of 2017  and it has some holes & dents from metal fence posts and wood. Farmers and loggers don't toss things gingerly and I noticed the first puncture the following spring. Personally the Super Duty is purchased for work/hauling, mileage is just a bonus.
Still peddling the mask lie...
I work for the dealership and they won’t sell me my f150 because they want the mark up even after buying a mustang from them 4 months ago !
I hope someone builds some power plants to support all those new EVs.
Awesome truck!!!!  XL package starts 110k 😀
Looks like a Chevy Silverado grill. Liked the 2017-2022 grill much better.
When does he reveal the truck? I’m 25 mins in and it’s just a blowing ford competition
Here's one for ya. Use the onboard scale to monitor the bed when you are away.. if someone removes something from a locked truck bed the alarm will sound.... That is a million dollar idea. Please send payment to ME! Thanks
Jim Farley? Is that Chris Farley's brother? 🙂
Merci beaucoup Ford 👍💕
Ford isn't a real American company anymore. They make all their cars in South America and are totally ESG compliant. Everybody sell your Ford and and get something else. Stop buying ESG compliant products. They wont even hire you if you're white unless they do a equity audit first to make sure they have enough black peoole working there. Pull your retirement accounts too so they dont rely on the ESG you're boycotting. If you own any shares in these companies sell immediately.
Did you fix the reflection from the side windows of dash at night??? Build up dash to not refect and or put anti reflective on dash or side window!!! Cause that is awful
DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME GUYS IM NOW £1650 OUT OF POCKET AFTER I WAS TOLD FRAUD WOULD COVER THIS. .
Don’t buy 2019 ford 150 they suck, I’m having trouble with the truck And they don’t want to fix.. it
All for the low, low, price of $100K plus? What’s Ford’s planned obsolescence of the 2023 SD… 18 months.
Ford would not fix my 2012 F450, even under warranty. I bought a new 2022 F550 and I still get hassle getting my truck fixed and it only has 4000 miles on it. I have owned Ford's exclusively throughout my life of 55 years. NEVER AGAIN will I own a Ford. Ford should be ashamed of themselves. Do yourself a favor and do not support/buy a Ford. Ford does not have your back; they only have your money!! Think about that when Ford lets the government control your truck......
Please Stop The Price Gouging.
Cool
Electric vehicles will get you halfway to where you want to go -   Btw - it takes over 300 barrels of oil to produce one electric vehicle battery -
Let me see….ordered a 2022 F250 in December 2021…..still waiting
Do any of you have information on the new High Power diesel numbers? Are they going to push 500hp or more in this one?
When does Ford plan to ship those trucks waiting for parts?
BILL FORD THANK  YOU WHAT YOU DO
That's true about all American ford try Dana Lincoln and Ford on Staten Island
You should really bring back the Excursion as an EV
Ram is pulling out faster then jake Paul after seeing this unveil
Ford please tell us that we will get an update to the current godzillas. Just got my 22 f350 7.3 cclb and can’t justify ordering another new one yet lol. Love it to say the least.
I would be grateful if Ford could correct all my recalls for my 21 f250 before focusing on newer models.  Just saying!
Make a Super Duty Raptor with the 5.2 V8 found in the Shelby GT500 and F150 Raptor R
Would this be why it’s taking so long to get my 2022 F350 and all the headache I’ve gone through with the one I have?  Very neat truck but as a customer I’d hope you would take care of people who have been dealing with the company.
I just watched a lot of white privilege
Guess we know who’s responsible for this junk. Thanks Jackie
I wish I could've been there in person.
thanks to joeflation, bring lots and lots of money. Your average American cant afford this stuff anymore.
Last 2 fords were total junk. Not sure I’ll go down that road again
Wow liberal governor talking about hard working not food stamps
Now if they could stop the dealer market adjustments and cut down on lead times.
amazing !!!!!
My 2022 F350 took 5 months to come in then FORD wouldn't honor price-lock guaranty I was promised at time of order and gouged me for additional $2400 when it came in from when I ordered! The body panels look like you allowed a 10 year old align them! The truck sits lower than any other Superduty I've seen even though I got plow/camper/towing packages and the dealer can't figure out how to help me resolve! Well, they got my money now I can go away! This upsets me cause I hate a low truck, it's a 350 with all the options to not have it sit low SMH. I drive my 1997 crew and the 2022 crew just sits in driveway.
I hope you have resolved the $2000 fuel pump and fuel delivery  system components that I have had to fix twice on my 2015 F250.
Been a FORD TRUCK FAN since 1974!!!🇺🇸💪🇺🇸💪🇺🇸💪🇺🇸💪🇺🇸
Is the 6.2 gone
@Ford Motor Company if you REALLY care about your customers then Lower the prices!!! NEW TRUCK PRICES ARE RIDICULOUS!
You Haven't even delivered 2021 super duty to thousands of customers.
This is the lamest reveal ever.
Bruh they are copying gm bed step and step bummer and ram with high output
My 2020 F-350 4x4 8’ bed crew cab 4:30 ratio locker 7.3 Godzilla 10 speed is on a train now coming from Kentrucky I now have 30K miles on it and added 35” tires on the stock wheels  I can’t wait for an Electric super duty as I pay $160 every 4 days for fuel
I was hoping for less pandering, more information. I guess that’s too much to ask.
Let's see how Ford shows their feelings for it's employees come contract time. 😂
Looks like Ford thought of EVERYTHING!  Finally!  The only thing I see missing is the slots in the top of the tailgate like the F-150 for C-clamps!
Came from a new gmc to a f250 tremor after badmouthing ford my whole life! Love the truck hated the sales experience!
Was really hoping for a 12kw pro power onboard
You could put better tires that last longer than 30.000 miles. Owner of 2021 F250.
Extremely unimpressive. My 2015 is eight years old and it's time for a new one, but not until there is an appreciable styling change. Come on Ford, step up.
I like everything except the new grill designs!
I got an 2005 f250 V10- get rid of the bed step-it’s not a Chevy.
Looks no different from the last 5 years of Super Dutys, a lot hype with no substance.
With PRO, are we able to bypass dealerships, and their ungodly prices, enabling us to purchase vehicles straight from Ford? Please say this is true!
Don't get me wrong I do like my 18 F350. But I could get another 96 power stroke fresh off the mill I would trade it in immediately.
Screw EVs. Not green at all. Not reliable or long lasting.
Stop letting dealers price gouge!
Why no ecoboost in the gas option?
Great job restyling it again... NOW KNOCK IT OFF! The 08-10 and 17-19 we're the best looking super duties made. Make a whole new generation with all this new tech. Give us a plug in hybrid like the F-150!
She gasps at 28:58...
Stick shift or bust!
Hmm...🤔  Lets make a hella complicated and EXPENSIVE truck that almost no one can afford.  What could possibly go wrong in todays economy with that ?    For all those who cant function without all the fancy gizmos (that quit when you need them most)....learn how to drive a truck, or hire someone to do it for you.
"Talking Loud and Saying Nothing"  James Brown  !!!
I think 1984 is looking for the last guy!!
I'm a Ford guy but too much tech these days. Big brother is watching all of us.
And too much money no electronic crap window cranks rubber floors am radio that's it,need affordable trucks not obnoxious payments for years on end
Nothing parks in my driveway unless it has a blue oval!!!
Once you said ev I turned it off
And I’m still waiting for the 4.0 upgrade my my mustang Mach-E GT
Jackie D seems cool. Somebody down to earth. We love our F350 Tremor! The camera on the top of the tailgate is really cool on the new ones, wish mine had that!
Who else will have the ability to inhibit your vehicle from starting?
My my them thar some big trucks... 1931 Ford, 2020 F150, 2020 Echosport..
It has a scale too now I know why I can’t order my 2023 f150 lightning with no scale smh 🤦‍♂️
How will you dispose of the battries??? how will you charge them. WE WILL NOT BUY YOUR EV's.
My 2015 f150 xlt super crew 5.0 was built in Dearborn!!!!!!!😎💪🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 I can’t wait to visit the Henry Ford!!!!
Nobody wants an EV
I've been stranded on the side of the road in many Ford pickups with all kinds of interesting and expensive problems but somehow I still like Ford and I still like their trucks.
Really wish Ford would bring back the Excursion with the new 7.3.
Suppose Chevy let you copy and paste.
NO super duty owner gives a crap about hearing about electric vehicles.
They'll cost as much as the GT
Ford really needs to stop shipping trucks to dealers that price gouge. All American Ford in NJ is killing the brand with their ADM"S and gouging on Tremors and Raptors
I'm curious on the power figures on the 6.8 vs the 7.3.  7.3 makes 430hp and 475tq but it appears that the power will be bumped a bit?  6.2 DOHC right now is 385hp 430tq, so I'm thinking this new 6.8 has to put out just over 400hp and probably 460-470tq, bumping the 7.3 probably to 440hp and maybe 495-500tq.
I liked it better when you could tell the difference between an F350 and F150 body ,  will they continue sharing the cabs ?
Meh
Tia took the job of a talanted white man and does half the work for all the money.
Really wish you guys would pay your workers more. I’d love nothing more than to go and put my order in for a new superduty in October when order books open!
Looks like the same truck but with a Chevrolet grill.  Lots of nice new features.
when can we order
Soooo they changed the lights
Congratulations to 🎉😢❤ Ford for the best Heavy Duty pick up ever
Dang that truck is hideous
Henry Ford would vomit if he saw what the company has become today.
I just stepped into a new F350 today!
Second!
ford lightning can't haul
Funny how u didn't hear or see any Ford employees have these trucks...😑
FIRST!
