Its been a while since I've stayed up past midnight making a video! Hope you enjoy it, 1.19 will be a very exciting update :-)
9:00
The giant portal is infected portal because there's it a structure called a miniature portal and it's supposed to represent the big portal in the middle.
I agree that the monument is only decor, it just doesn't really feel like it can be lit, it looks like the Warden, and there's not been any news of new dimensions, and probably none for the time being, also given a lot of people think it is a portal means that this might keep going for a while unless this really is some new place.
I don't really like these new minecraft changes that much. This looks like a much weaker version of Thaumcraft 4 Taint and Outer Lands dimension but as a single lame biome.
Omg. I just realize why all of the mineshafts are abandoned. It’s because the previous ones encountered the Warden and left the mineshafts undone and abandoned. Because they feared the Warden
Found one for the first time today and the ambience of the city is amazing
The janitor be like: (little nightmares)
HOLD ON I MISSED A LOT
What if the the ancient city is a prison for something ominous because mojang wouldn't call the new mob as the "Warden" for no reason. So all of us should expect there might be a new boss in the near future.
you can see the dripstone lapis in chepter the deep dark biome
But when is gonna come out for bed boxes in the wire update
10:06 *"heres here u fkn idiot!!"*
theyll prob have to nerf him extremely.
i can't wait to see the proximity voice chat mod to effect skulks and wardens :0)
Why are you the only Minecraft YouTuber I continue to go back to, so glad that someone keeps it going
Xisuma you sound bored.
its java. not javer
whats the seed of that world
The reason all of the wardens were summoned 1st time is because it has a “3 strike system” in which you need to set off the shrieker 3 times before the Warden is initially summoned, then it’ll summon 1st try every time after. The strikes are removed for 1 strike every 10 minutes that a shrieker isn’t activated
1:36 locate deep dark biome command
javer edition
9:03 Scariest mob in the game countered by a bat.
The Deep Dark is also a very old Minecraftmod that is used in diverse modpacks. A mining dimension with higher ore density, no light sources, stronger and faster mobs and all stone/cobble, no sky.
I respectfully remind Minecraft that this is a kids game, who don’t need fever dreams of a antlered thing without a face.
Everyone be like : warden is too powerful he can kill us with netherrite protection 4  Me : killed without netherrite with stone axe by towering up 4 blocks with dream background music
The warden is disturbingly quick
would laying down carpet block the warden?
you tricked us! there is no link! please fix it ASAP
So sad >.> I really dislike the work generation from 1.18
Can swift sneak be obtained by fishing?
I think it would be a great idea if there was 1 warden per 1000 blocks cuz nobody wants to fight 10 wardens at the same time lmao
Imagine putting the Sculk Shrieker in a friends base under the floorboards
If they add weeping angels I’m not playing Minecraft anymore!!
I wonder if using feather or slow falling will still trigger the shrieker? It would be a cool detail if it didn’t.
i still cant >=c becuz my computer dont wanna instal it i tried a tutunturial but dint work
Are you saying javer?
Dose anyone else get the Nerf/Paint ball/Airsoft arena vibe from the ancient cities?
bro you can heal an iron golem with iron?? hahahah
Minecraft Extreme mode would be to convert an ancient city into a base in Hardcore mode
The skulk reminds me of the mold on food
The structure in the center is a portal, the portal blocks were meant to be unmovable, unminable and industructible (it was an experimental snapshot after all). Also the names of the structures also confirms this. One is called small_portal_statue
I'm getting strong Diablo 2 Act 3 vibes from that city, even if it's an underground version
Maybe in the future, the warden will drop something if you do manage to kill it, so you can light the portal I mean, the warden might as well be a boss mob, it could drop something really cool as a prize - But I think it would need some kind of range attack so that people can just stand on a pillar and shoot it. Maybe its roar emits some weird echo that knocks you back from it?
The portal leads to the among us dimension
So if you die with a bunch of levels, does it also have the same effect as other mobs dying?
I bet that blast resistant block is made of dead warden bones and skin.
What the Warden needs is a weak spot that’d deal more damage upon a hit. As it is, the Warden’s just a damage sponge and that’s not very fun. Weak spots, although simple, add an entirely new dimension of gameplay.
Personally I think:  Wardens should take longer to spawn, more build up. Maybe have sulk shriekers have levels 2-3 that go away after a certain amount of time or distance. If you aggregate them 2-3 times though in that time period or while in the same space, they truly spawn a warden. Instead of it being first time everytime.  (Already happens apparently, but maybe deeper you go closer to cities it's the first time everytime? Still seems too frequent)  Shouldn't be able to spawn so close togethor. (Idk if they'll change this)  Smelling should be weaker. (Probs won't, but it would be nice to actually have a chance to escape since u aren't supposed to try and kill them)  Their health/armor should be increased (since they want them not to be killed but not impossible to kill) (already 2.5 ender dragon but we'll see)   And they should have some way to attack you if they can see you and know where you are. To stop people from firing arrows non stop, or getting them on a campire while standing above them. Make this attack much weaker of course and only if they're agitated. (Hard to implement maybe)  In return, make shriekers rare outside of ancient cities even in the deep dark biome. (Maybe they already are? But I saw a lot in this video in just normal caves)  And make ancient cities have much better loot. (They have made plans for adding unique treasure, probably along the lines of the totem of undying and elytra. But definitely needed. And still will be hardly worth it if more isn't added to the loot tables and until that portal becomes functional in some update.
I just realized the very dark implications of sculk generating in an abandoned city, seeing as it only grows/spreads when something drop xp....
It would be cool if the ancient city one day had a portal to the sky. It would be perfect @_@
Javer edition
maybe the portal connects to the next closest end city
Those new blast and almost tool proof blocks are gonna explode on anarchy servers.
kinda meh loot rn but im looking foward too reinforced deepslate
6:16 I believe in a new world, you need to activate shriekers three times before a warden spawns, after that every shrieker activation will summon the warden
6:43 lol the legs become tiny and it wobbles ITS SO ADORABLE
The Warden should destroy jukeboxes if they are playing a music disc
The structure, according to the files, is definitely a portal
"animation absolutely gorgeous" .. some pixels bouncing ..
2:20 my guy said wa'er, he is british hence proved
What a joke. They are 18 months behind their delivery promise. But their lifestyle is doing fine. Is yours?  Did your company allow you to take an extra year?  But of course this creator can’t bother to raise those issues. It might impact his access.
They realy generate way high up in this snapshot, thats not good if you jst want to mine normally, im sure they will drop down the spawn
Can the wardens go in water? Are the small pools around the ancient cities little safe havens if you're being hunted?
✨it's not a mistake it's a master piece ✨
So… what really is the purpose of this? It’s cool and all but seems super random
I'm kinda disappointed with the cities man, a bunch of corridors with random chests every now and again that don't even have that good of loot? Yes swift sneak is probably the reason you'd go there but for being so dangerous, it should have more to offer than an enchantment
Pweds needs to watch this
This game will definitely not leave an emotional scar to my 6 year-old brother
I hate that we got an amoung us meme hidden in the deep dark and it’s in every deep dark city
I cant do the comment to locate deep dark, HELP?
Warden trying to get me, but stacks myself up like a pillar. Me: HIGH GROUND!
i can see technoblade using this on dream smp instead of wither
They really need to make it worth finding and going to the ancient city and dealing with a warden, the loot table as it stands sucks. Maybe killing a warden could be an instant level 30 amount of xp or drop an item that has that effect, it could also drop netherite scraps and the chests should have a chance to have netherite too, i mean scraps come from ancient debris so why not find it in the ancient city, maybe even have ancient ruin blocks placed few and far between through out the structor, There could also be a room with a diamond block in the middle surrounded by shriekers.
which screenshot is this?
It’s so alien looking, it looks almost like a mod. Very excited
imagine if the portal leads to the aether realm that kingbdogz created, and the warden was one of the bosses?
If Minecraft didn't have a fun blocky art style, it would definitely be a horror game. Think about it.
I think they should add some new deep dark mobs that are "silent". This effect wouldnt trigger the skulks and would make their sound fx not appear in subtitles. This could even be turned into a new potion effect, using something these mobs drop to brew it
I’m just gonna form a collection of points I’ve seen in this comment section to start a discussion on the validity of the other dimension theory - I will try to give credit where I can;  1 - this one is from BLONGUS 64: One of the smaller structures in the city’s file name is “small_portal_statue.nbt” despite the fact that the central area is only called “city_centre.nbt”. This structure has the appearance of a downscaled version of the central area.  2 - Much like the Endermen, skulk blocks and the warden both have very unnatural designs - with the warden originally intending on being a lovecraftian horror type enemy which is a form of media devoted to the supernatural. This could support the theory they are from a ‘skulk dimension’ of sorts.  3 - Just because there may not be a dimension in 1.19, doesn’t mean it’ll never happen. Endermen were added in beta 1.8 before the end was added in 1.0, so there’s still hope.  4 - A slightly weaker argument, but the next update is 1.2, a more significant number than most. Could be a good time for something as major as a new dimension.  5 - Underneath the frame is a pit of fire, something typically associated with lighting a portal in minecraft. Alongside this the portal follows the shape and structure of the nether portal, with near indestructible blocks not unlike obsidian.  6 - The newest music disk is called “Otherside.” Need I elaborate?  Please reply if you have any more and I will add them to the list!
I don’t think the portal will be for a new dimension, but I thought maybe it could be cool if they made it into a sort of mining lense where when you look through the “frame” it reveals ores on the other side through the walls so you can sort of map out where you want to be mining? Not sure if that makes sense but I though it could be cool.  Also, I am getting mad dungeon guardian vibes from the warden haha, could be cool if they made it drop a little easter egg item like the dungeon guardian’s dropped that key in terraria which gave you a pet guardian. The item doesn’t have to be useful or anything but maybe it could be his head as a helmet and when he sniffs you, if your wearing his head, he just thinks your one of him and moves on or maybe it could be like a handheld skulk shrieker which summons him (not sure why you would do that but hey ho).  Oh, and another thing. Maybe if the frame is a portal frame then that could be what the warden drops, something to light it. Maybe its an item which you can chuck into the bed of fire below the frame to ignite it or something.  To be honest, I doubt the warden will drop anything with the direction they are going as it seems like they want him to be simply avoided (500 hit points, disappears after only a minute, can be sneaked past) and that is awesome I love that idea for this character but i still think it feels wrong to have mobs in a game like minecraft which drop nothing. Idk, please share your thoughts in a reply to this comment! I would love to discuss!
2:57 oh now that just a cruel spot to spawn a diamond
this looks so cool, i can't wait to play this. mojang really outdid themselves.
If this place has 1. No mob spawns 2. A huge underground area, and 3. Cool existing architecture to work with then I know where I'm basing in future.  Just gotta clear off the skulk first.
Oh why minecraft looks as my dreams when i was kid
The sculk shrieker spawning the warden sounds like gore nests getting destroyed in doom 2016
I am super excited for this update. Besides the Warden (which is really cool) I think it would be even better if these deep dark cities had a few new hostile mobs spawning in them. New mobs that drop some rare loot. And that would give players an incentive to seek them out. Or, even if the mobs weren't hostile, maybe there could be a new kind of deep dark villager species, that trade different things than normal villagers. Lol. Idk. But it would be cool :)
9:04 Warden vs Bats
I swear to God, Minecraft is a horror game
I wanna know if full bright will negate the deep dark effect
the reinforced deepslate is a fucking amongus troll.
0:22 Amogus confirmed!!!!!!! Gus update Gus update Gus update Gus update📮📮📮📮
Will they be adding it in bedrock edition because I have bedrock edition
You need to make proximity mod activade sculk sensors if you talk too loud
I didn’t know it was pronounced jarvr
i stop playing minecraft because creeper blow me up when mining but when saw new update i will continue play again
Ha i need warden by using a 1.16 mod
Looking at this new structure really makes you think, the strongholds don't hold very strong to the pass of time. Mojang should revisit those and upgrade them.
reminds me of starcraft zerg creep
So basically what it sounds like is that the warden can be spawned very easily by anyone anywhere. Could you literally just use this thing as a trap/gaurd?
Why do I feel this is gonna have a love craft element to it, the skull seems like an other worldly presence so I just picture it. An ancient civilization who’s foundations came to lie in the veins of the abyss, a series of deep dark caverns that held a mysterious power, this civilization grew in power and eventually began to mess with the void that lay bellow them, building the warden constructs to defend them. But final delving to deep in the void, and as it stared back it unleashed a force who’s true nature is incomprehensible to us and the civilization it drown. Snuffing out the light in the dark and leaving the ruins and eldritch horrors behind. To be discovered by us.  This just screams lovecraft to me
Those guys look scary as hell i already love this update too bad we cant add swift sneak to an already godlike pair of boots with depth rider and soul speed
well, until it's a portal to another dimension, if it's as blast resistant as you claim, then we have a new prison block for making wither cages from
Let's hope this get approved
there's going to be a speedrunning category of killing a warden as fast as possible.
I'm pretty sure the files for those structures in the center of the ancient cities are referred to as portal_statues, so the probability of them being portals to something is very very high
Scary mutated Axolotl time
I really like the use of the blue soul flames in the ancient city
you are nob
I've just realized, doesn't the warden's hit sound sounds very similar to the iron golem's hit sound?  Probably some theories about sculk infected iron golems for sure
was the snapshot meant to be 69.99 mb cuz thats crazy
Will strong hold spawns mess with the ancient city
(4:43) i already see some youtubers using the sensor blocks to their advantage lol
(3:16) hoe's are being more usefull nice
GREAT BEGINNING IMMA MAKE A SNOWMAN ARMY lol
I love you
Wtf minecraft makes me wanna die cuz the cave noises wtfff
The warden or more importantly the "darkness" effectwillimprove tango's aming US ni hermitcraft sa IT can be like a Ligot sabotage
As of yet, beyond the exp farm mechanics, there's next to no reason to deal with these new features. A very minecraftian feature, i will say. Doesnt feel fitting though.
can someone do an experiment with jukebox? since bat really distracting the warden, jukebox might as well
0:22 that made me giggle
I actually love that it can be more then one warden that’s scary 😭
I’m glad they gave the warden an actual health pool. I’m hoping the warden will be given the similar treatment the dungeon guardians are in Terraria. Hard to kill, but if you do you get a nice little prize to show that you did.
I'm just wondering how that new enchant is gonna affect speed bridging strats
I thing swift sneak should be compatible with depth strider. I would btw love good arguments to why this shouldnt be
10:25 He's just standing there... Menacingly!
So the update had a new enchantment call swift sneek, does that mean boots are sneakers now?
i dont know if its true or just randome but i think that the warden cant swim after i managed to flee from him by going in the other side of a river (he was staying in the water without swiming up but didnt seem to take any damage from that)
Calling it now....  With the warden seeming like some unstoppable killing machine, I'm betting they'll use the goat horn as a weapon for fighting the warden.  Like you'll have to create a war horn using the goat horn, gold, diamond, netherite, and emeralds, and blowing the war horn will overwhelm the warden's hearing, stunning it so you can go in for an attack or something.  Also gonna wager that killing a warden will eventually have something to do with activating the portal like structure...  Like maybe killing the warden drops an enchantment for the horn that let's it activate the portal or something...
install one of those shriekers in some friends house
u are probably going to get a portal to another Dimension with some mods
Damn that Warden really just gutted and tossed you in the lava pit
8:48 You said it’s was level 2 but it’s was level 3
7:25 It’s 1% not 0%
If I am working on a map from 1.18 do I have to make a new map after the update to have the new features?
this is going to be an epic update, I would make the loot table better considering how dangerous it is down there
We can potentially create a warden farm in the future, while being afk with the snowman trick while we keep jumping and summoning wardens
A mob that actually has animations
It’s a Teleporter. You can light them with something  and have them across your world and teleport from one to another in the OverWorld
does it work for tlauncher?
Is it just me or whenever people call this snapshot the 'Deep Dark', you immediately think of that mod with the Deep Dark portal that when there's no light source around you start taking damage?
i wonder if the warden will drop an item. Warden farm?
the only thing i wish they add is better loot to the chests
javer
Deep down dark deep update
The wardens animations are amazing!
tango might use the wardens for decked out 2
It does look like a portal, but it might cause some sort of deep dark raid, perhaps by activating the redstone lamps, and maybe it would be the reason people would come here.
"Avoid the warden at all cost" Me and bois: _We take that as a declaration of war from Mojang. Come forth brothers, we shall challenge the wardens with an army of wolves and snowmen_  (Finally, another reason for starting a wolf army)
The cities need a reward for going to them, because currently in this snapshot there is no reason for the player to go to them. The chests are kind of lacking.
Minecraft is a horror game 🐧
Every now and then you can see red from the activated sculk sensor  Noo, the poor bat! But angry warden animations are amazing, whoa
Omg the warden and the bat remind me of p.e.k.k.a and a butterfly
Maybe the Warden is the next Herobrine in Minecraft Videos now XD
i dont see a reason why they shouldnt/wouldnt add another dimension. sure its alot of work but everything is. and these new blocks and the warden all seem to be from another dimension. and since new dimensions and different world generations already exist it wouldnt be to hard to add a new dimension. id love a dimension with the dark scary theme the deep dark has.
Let's go! I'm so hyped for this
rip bedrock edition
That's Creepy. But Cool.
its very hilarous that warden can go in to the block with only one block  you can try it use void world and setblock some stone block and spawn warden
finally, bats are useful.
That enchantment looks very useful for those who do lot of building  in high places in survival.
Right now the lack of new items or any decent loot whatsoever defeats the purpose of ever going to the ancient cities. If there truly was a portal to another dimension that would be great but I highly doubt that would be the case.
Cant wait to see all the clips of people turning around to see the warden chasing after them and getting super spooked and screaming 😂
Snowballs are finally useful? Sweet!
Mojang has made snowballs usefull
Its like a cemetery it has many tomb smiliraties
Nvm im not the first
The warden going after the bat reminds me of a Pekka and a butterfly
I AM THE FIRST TO THINK, THAT THERE WILL BE A NEW PORTAL 😱😱😱😱😱😱
So it's not working for me, not sure why, but does swift sneak affect crawling speed? I miss being able to crawl at full speed
I think it would be cool if you could sneak up on other mobs too, like in the legend of Zelda breath of the wild.
Ancient City reminds me of the ol' Yogscast days when they found Israpheals secret base underground.
my theory the ancient cities were made to defend from wardens as all of thier structures and chests indicate they were trying to survive against them
everything i’ve seen about this makes it seem kind of dumb, the only really useful thing that’s in these cities is the sculk catalyst, after you have a few i don’t see you needing anything else
An Ancient Civilization that worships the Warden as a wrathful deity?
The warden will die. It is an antithesis to all that is our world, and cannot be allowed to upend the balance between painter and canvas.
Warden: _"You can't defeat me"_ I know, but he can  BAT
Maybe when you kill the warden it gives you a tool or item that you can use to light the portal
Game theory smells lore
Wouldn’t it be cool if we finally got some more in-depth Minecraft lore?
very cute moment with the bats... 'awww get rekt'
Imagine defeating an Ender Dragon on top of a Sculk Catalyst
i sometimes forgot minecraft was not a horror game
Ok, now imagine The Wither Boss vs The Warden... Wow
This is going to make minecraft from Everyone to 16+
I think that the warden should drop a special tool that is only obtained when defeating it. Something that allows for moving around the caves easier. Like a grappling hook.
Warden going after the bat- "it's so silly" Bat dies- "Awwwww... get rekt"
So the problem with this warden is that it's too dumb. It can't break blocks or go through anything that isn't skulk so you just stack up 4 blocks and you're safe. As for killing, it does 6 hearts to 3 piece prot 4 which is definitely a lot deadlier than most mobs, so it could kill you if you get caught unaware, but it usually never does that because it gives you a blindness effect and by then you'd have tunneled into a wall already. It's also horribly slow in water. Fighting it in survival is not worth it, but it's easy to kill if you have the right stuff. The aural AI of it means it would literally walk into end crystals, and it takes 9 point blank crystals to kill. If it somehow makes it to you, you could just ender pearl out and heal, since it cannot 1 shot you and has around 2 seconds TBA. I don't really see how it could be a threat in future updates unless it's modified to go through walls and stuff or dig into the ground if it gets stuck in water or if you're hiding in a wall. I also found the skulk biomes to be rather rare and thus, easily avoidable. As for ancient cities, I wonder how that'll turn out, but as a wise gamer once said, "Stealth is recommended" means you go in guns blazing.
I can't wait to see the uses for the Sculk Sensors (farms, security, general interesting red stone contraptions). The idea of remote sensing to trigger a red stone response could be a really useful mechanic. I don't know if it's going to be able to wirelessly relay signals a long distance. But, that would be a cool feature...like a noteblock chiming when a container 30 blocks away is full without running red stone wire and repeaters the whole way.
Love this snapshot and extremely excited for this update. With that being said, I feel the loot is underwhelming. I remember they spoke about loot in the minecon and said it would be really good. Perhaps there is more the team plans on adding to the update as we move forward.
The darkness effect Kind of reminds me of the fear effect in the abyss mod.
To make the treasures worth it they could also add some diamonds and gear to the loot table
If bastions have gold blocks the ancient city should have diamond blocks tbh
Any other Minecraft update: Look at all those new fun things! Minecraft 1.19 update: Horror game.
the whole reason I clicked the video is to see him take down a warden, kinda disapointed NGL
Maybe the warden was left alone be the rest and could not light the portal again and Just waits til the rest comes to save him
unfortunately the moving reinforced deepslate is unintentional
quick sneak is gonna be great
About Swift Sneak enchantment, if you get Swift Sneak IV or higher (with commands), you're able to sprint while sneaking!
When I’m in the city’s the giant dripstones always destroy the city and it’s sad
anybody thinkin what i thinkin? WARDEN FARM!
0:11 reminded me a scene from Revenge of the Sith when Bail Organa sees a padawan being shot down, screams ‘NO!’ and flees.
I think the big portal teleports you to other big portals. It’s like a super fast travel method
Lol... Is Swift sneak going to make bridging more dangerous?! Because it'll become easier t fall off block, even though you're sneaking.
I think the loot table needs to be changed for this structure. As it is right now its not even good enough to seek out early-game because of its rarity, the least they could do would be to add enchanted golden apples chances so that there's an incentive to explore these late-game at least. Swift sneak is so situational that you don't really need it for anything other than exploring the city anyways.
ah yes. i think it got really annoying to go caving because of all the mobs and mojang just said: fuck you well make it even worse
What if the center structure was a portal, but now leads to a dimension that no longer exits or was sealed by the previous ancient peoples that once inhabited the deep cities, leaving behind only the skulk
100% a portal, i recon the ancient cities built them then some of the catilists got out, once one of the civilians died it was the end because it started to spread and spawn wardens which then caused more civilians to die and so on
If its supposed to be a portal there would be access.  Like stairs leading up to it.  There are not, so its not a portal.
they are actual tanks
Cant wait for bedrock to get this in 2050!
I love this, it looks like a cancer on the caves
Warden   I think the warden should be given Gravity/Tractor beam abilities, that helps it fight players that just build up high or hide down low while fighting the new mob, the ability should work by Lifting and pulling the players slowly towards the mob, and the only way you can combat that is by using throwable items like snowballs or chicken eggs to hit the the center part of his stomach.  Also he should also be giving a special echo location ability that disorient and confuse the player causing your up-down-left-right to be inverted for a short period of time and once you snap out of it your player moves a litter slow while you gain back your sense of direction.  And the longer you fight the warden the more if effects your player, at a certain time your player starts going blind and your screen begins to go dimer and dimer until you can only see a few feet out in front of you, but after a while you start to develop the echo location abilities the warden has, but it’s much weaker and you’re only able to see the nearest blocks in your proximity and a faint out line of the warden, but by throwing the snow balls or chicken eggs at nearby blocks you start to get a better picture of what’s around you, the down side of using throwables is that the impact causes the warden know your location.   What may also make the warden Terrifying to fight, is a system that has it go into an ambush mode where if he’s getting hit none stop back to back for a long period of time without dealing any damage to a player he goes back under ground and randomly pops back up near you and holds your legs or throws you up in the air but if you hit his head and arms in time he lets you go and you have time to relocate or something.  Also at later stages near the end of the battle he gets helpers that just randomly pops out of near by blocks that latches on to you and if you don’t hit them off in time they leave you with a Sound signature that helps the warden locates you better.   Maybe after you kill it he drops a special item you use to craft something that gives you some of his abilities or something that gives you the power to effect other players.   I know this was long but if something like this was added, it would make the warden the most Terrifying mob to come across in Minecraft.
Not every deep dark leads to a city. Did some testing and it's about a 1 in 5 for one I'd say. But one biome is a tad hard to find!
0:25
Would it be possible instead of a portal the center will be a new official boss mob? It looks ominous and is the only location for the new ancient structure block that doesn’t seem to have much use yet. If we don’t get a new dimension it feels we may get a boss we spawn by leading the warden to the structure or something.
Deep dark + city is cool but it seems like there’s no real reason to go to the ruins yet. Be cool to see a bigger loot table
Imagine if they added 2 block sized mob that's basically the same as the warden, but very fast and short...  Ill call them Creakers, cuz I imagine them sounding like opening doors..
Kids will be traumatized playing this update 😌
i got the 1.19 snapshot NOW soooo i.......... no
The warden seems like a great mob for some horror adventure maps. if people still make those.
He/She is so cute 😍
It's been a while Xisuma laughing fit at Warden chasing a bat
The "portal" in the ancient city made me think about the parasite mod were the sculk (the parasite) came from another dimension opened 1000 years ago in the ancient city and this civilisation was destroyed by the sculk and the warden and the portal is the only way to the sculk dimension (maybe it will be posible to open it later)
1.20 will be the Lovecraft update, with a new dimension beyond this new portal..
I hope by the time I am 30 I can upload my brain into minecraft
So bad Shrek :(
I feel like swift sneak should only be mutually exclusive with soul speed, since soul speed + depth strider is ‘legal’ and is already op, so ds/fw should be compatible with swift sneak
Give the warden strength
Please don't let them remove the thing about them chasing bats IT MAKES BATS USEFUL
The warden is by far THE COOLEST mob in years!!! Holy crap Mojang are making the craziest updates of late!!!
I just had a thought, I think wardens should be able to climb walls, imagine tryng to pillar up to get away and it is climbing up after you
so far, I hope they make the warden more scary instead of just annoying.  seems a little  underwhelming
9:04 Warden is Etho, confirmed?
It’s stupid that the deep dark chests have snowballs. Makes no sense for them to be in there. Why the fuck would snowballs be in a deep dark city. Also how would they not have melted. Only reason they are there is because “oh look you can throw them and use them as a sound mechanic!!” They need to be removed from the loot table
Lol, so they just want you to carry an extra pair of socks on you 🤣  ...😉
Of course java but then again i forgot java is used for development updates before its released into bedrock since the world uses bedrock
This update look freaking amazing!
A silk touch hoe How scandalous
15:27 there is a skeleton skull
Imagine if you could carry a bat in a bucket, and release them to distract the Warden, sort of like distress flares on aircraft
Wardens are too op unless there adding new Armor and Tools that make it more normal to face it I aint going mining for a while when this thing comes out
JAHVER
13:28 i can see the prison designs already
Hmm, I've noticed strange lack of candles around the new portal, even though Ancient Cities are full of those. But there are candles on that small_portal_statue. I bet that's the way to open the portal, candles. It could be the way between two Ancient Cities. Or maybe the portal could negate the Warden somehow. Perhaps when it's lit, you can never get darkness status effect.
But the warden is not on PlayStation yet
Seems to me like the devs have been playing a bit of GTFO on the side...
Can already see tango making warden-powered iron farm in season 10
10:04 to be continue
Who else kinda hopes these generate end portals instead of the dungeons we have now
Player: _places wool on sculk by mistake_ Sculk: I’m about to end this man’s whole career.
Maybe a portal, and maybe merely a teleport to a nearby area completely encased in the same block. The name "warden" implies there will be a prison-like structure of some sort, and this would seem a good building block for that.
It would be cool if the frame block was like a time travel thing which whatever you do in the past affects your world in the present
ah yes, the stuff we should have gotten 2 updates ago
I really appreciate the amount of work done to the Warden but my panicking brain and me playing on mods would inevitably lead to the situation where I mag dumb both of my revolves and trigger every Warden in existence by doing so. But I must say, running around the deep darks with overclocked LMG sounds fun
I'm mixed on this update. Obviously I want new stuff but this update feels a bit lack luster. Like it should have released with caves n cliffs.
takse mojang 2 years to add a new mod into the game. i think itll take them decades to make another dimension. these devs are so super slow as this. project zomboids devs are slow but damn their updates are so much more fleshed out then mojangs updates.
I will unleash the wither there
Once you defeat the ender dragon those frames will lit up as another portal to the end.
What if the Warden portal took you to the moon and there’s like space creatures like the warden but no where near as strong, and cities there. Possibly find out where herobrine has been hiding?
2:45 I've mentioned this in a previous video (the cave and cliffs review), but the generation of a typical minecraft world has gotten to the point where it almost feels like theres a story behind every area like this.
13:18 maybe it could? in bedrocks files it was known as "mysterious_frame" in one snapshot
mumbo says it takes 80 seconds to break the reinforced deepslate, and it can be blown up while being moved but doesnt drop anything.
I don't like that the skulk can generate so high up. It should only be at the bottom imo. My biggest worry about the update by far is that they make the deep dark too common. I wish it was a rare biome like the strongholds of end cities.
Reinforced Deepslate is essentially Bedrock Lite
Wardens aren't hostile mobs. They're living hazards.
Can't wait to kill the Ender Dragon for the first time (in a world) near a sculk catalyst.
Seeing the warden and the bat just made me think of a PEKKA running after a butterfly for some reason
This is one of the things I was concerned about, that the deep dark will just be another empty structure set with some chests sprinkled around.
The ancient city reminds me of the alien ruins from Dead Space 3.
1:18 OOOONNNNNNNEEEEEEEE PUUIUUUUNNNNNNCCCCCHHHHHHHHHH
so what you're saying is... its not worth it?
Eating? Drinking a potion? The process of it itself or when finishing it? Does throwing the snowball itself make a sound like with the bow shooting the arrow?
Takeaway: wardens are bat hunters. They seem to hate those things more than I do, and that's an achievement
Warden emerging by the skull shrieker is giving me Dune sandworm vibes.
Finally the hoe will be an important tool
Minecraft is slowly becoming even more of a horror game.
I can already see these challenges - my base in ancient city in hardcore :D
The last two "major" updates were super disappointing so I'm glad we're finally getting everything we were promised!
They need to add more of a point to this city, the new enchantment sucks and has no use. There no actual reason to explore these new city’s
the blindness effect being unavoidable just seems kinda broken, there's no other unavoidable effect in the game
Anyone wondering why the warden doesn’t take damage when in it’s summoning/emerging phase? I really think it should be like a weak point (for the warden) for if you do want to kill it
finally bats have a use lmao
it takes 80 seconds to mine reinforced deepslate
feels like the nether update all over again
Well it’s great to know that you can hide for a minute or so and they will despawn.
I think that the "portal" is actually a throne room. The entrance is reminiscent of a castle hall, and the walls are like a medieval fortress. It reminds me of some kind of castle/fortress town.
instead of being a portal to another dimension, it could instead take you one city to another city like the enderporters.
13:13 its among us
There's so much grand potential with the warden and its implications not just this one update but all the ground work it potentially sets for bigger updates. There are different factions in the game like endermen, pillagers, undead and piglins. They all could even lead up as part of a way bigger update that takes things from all the factions. and now the weird new reinforced deepslate and portal shape in the city, i feel like it would be weird for it NOT to lead to a new dimension or something
Pocket Bat!  Tactical bat deployment to distract Warden while you flee.
Everything seems so perfect except for the loot... Snow, candles and a rare enchantment feel kinda underwhelming compared to the challenge that the warden will be
The advancement "How did we get here?" Is going to be a lot harder to complete.
what type of minecraft are you on? i can’t use locate for ancient cities and i’m on java
I doubt it'll be a portal to a huge dimension like the nether, but I would love to see something like a pocket dimension, not something full blown but still in its own unique space.
speedbridgers and sweats are gonna piss themselves when they hear "swift sneak"
It is a gigantic missed opprotunity if they don't make that a portal to a new dimension
The darkness effect being a slider just means we won't be able to do anything cool with it in mini games :/
They probably intend to add items into the loot table that currently arent available in the game... so items that currently dont exist that will probably on be able to be found in these chests
So swift sneak is neat but not a super amazing reason to go to the deep dark. I wonder if they will make a new banner pattern and or music disc? I'll sacrifice everything for a music disc.
So what’s the use of ancient cities? Like why would I wanna go there? (Other than getting the enchantment book)
10:04 jump scare
I want depths strider and swift sneak to be compatible
I wonder what it would look like if you were to spectate the warden
Thought: Maybe it IS a portal, but a failed one. Perhaps an ancient race wanted to get to the End or something, and not knowing how, they made this new block in an attempt to get there.
they should add a new material that drops from the warden and make it that you could use it to upgrade ur tools or something 🤔
imagine a sculk or warden hat and it would be crafted by some horns or tendrils that the warden would drop on death (ik that it isn't meant to be killed yada yada)  and maybe some sculk stuff aswell and then it would let you dig into the sculk like the warden and use it as a way to hide or move, and trolling
I think the wild update should be catch up for all the mob/biome votes. They said everything that didn’t win the votes would be added eventually so this is the time
I'm torn on whether or not I should actually watch this video. I feel like the ancient city is something I want to experience with my friends completely blind. I've been watching every snapshot video from you the last few updates and I really enjoy these videos, so it's a hard decision and I'm not sure what I'll go for quite yet.
Arrow of darkness would be cool
can we nametag warden?
Is the update out for bedrock too,m
The reason why the Warden summoned at the first time is bc you earlier triggered it twice. For the Warden to summonl a shrieker has to trigger three times until it appears
The warden should drop a warden head.
What would happen if the ender dragon died on the skulk
I think the people in the ancient cities were trying to build portals to the aether
I think the centerpiece thing is some kind of statue rather than a portal, I mean it is an ancient city and it definitely has something to do with souls.
Finally there’s a mob that wants to eliminate bats as much as I do
Funnily enough, I've had to try a few times to summon the Warden using the calling mechanic, it took a while for it to appear but the heartbeat got louder every time the block called until it finally did appear. This was after making a room above ground. The lower down I went the faster the Warden appeared. ^^
The Warden is a cat confirmed.
They need to make the loot chests wayyy more valueble like enchanted netherite armore or highter swift sneak levels
I mean the structure in the center definitely seems to be a portal frame. the stairs leading up to it, and the almost ritualistic feel of it all just like with the destroyed Nether portal frames might mean we will eventually get some kind of horrific horror-esque lovecraftian skulk dimension
ngl with how many wardens that can spawn at once, I feel like that will need some tweaking
It has a really high chance to be a portal, maybe its what the Warden is truly warding the player from. I mean, indestructible block, portal shaped, probably meant to be immovable
They should move granite and diorite somewhere new, ever since they were added I never really liked them for terrain. I was thinking granite in mesas and diorite in snowy areas to match the colors, while also bringing more specialized attention to those areas if players want those blocks. Andesite is fine, looks great with stone.
Crazy to think how much minecraft has changed in just two years
“ Moria... You fear to go into those mines. The dwarves delved too greedily and too deep. You know what they awoke in the darkness of Khazad-dum...” - Saruman
Ok…now matpat get in the lore!
Looks more like a failed attempt to make the end portal.
New mobs are animated amazingly! Old animations look pathetic ( really hope mojang will re-do animations  of mobs )
holy shoot matpat was right
I like how the warden goes after bats. It’s a cool little distraction that the player can make use of
Pretty underwhelming. Dammit.
*W a r d e n  T a k e s  N o t i c e  A n g r i l y*
mans put the wrong version in the title
Do u guys think the warden head should me much bigger on the front and back because i think it's little bit weird shape
I'm getting so tired of waiting😭
Coooooooooooollllllllllll!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
how do you get a spawn egg in bedrock ?
amogus
80 seconds
Bruh i started hardcore world💀💀
I feel like somebody is gonna find out how to obtain those blast resistant blocks like the time somebody found out how ot break bedrock
Ancient City = Nether Fortress in the overworld lol
I hope we can waterlog the Sculk Shrieker, and instead of a shriek sound, we can hear a wailing sound as if it's a creature from deep oceans.
I don’t think it’s a portal to another dimension, I think it’s a fast travel mechanic
Why do people say Minecraft bedrock is trash and Java is best???????????????????????
I wonder if you can keep it above ground some how, like on display. Maybe some sort of sound machine? I'm just thinking cause it would be kinda cool to have some in an enclosure type build like people do with ravagers.
Is it a portal? Is it a decoration? Who knows this might be the Aether XD
How can I play this snapshot?
I feel like the incentive to explore the ancient city is not enough, basically just to get soulsneak. It’s too Risky summoning the warden  trying to find this enchantment when he’s already manageable on his own. I reckon a good idea might be pouring lava on that reinforced deep slate to melt it enough to peel it off being able to add it to diamond armour to make reinforced diamond armour that’s even stronger than nether it’s however it’s weak to heat (nether) so it doesn’t protect you as well in the nether but it gets even stronger in the end (colder)
How long does it take to kill you with full protection netherite armor?
so is darkness gonna replace the blindness effect? since it exists in minecraft but i can't remember if anything actually utilizes it in vanilla minecraft  and it does the same thing as darkness
godddd this is so so cool!!!!
I guess im gonna die in my hardcore world again...
SMH. It's obviously a giant plasma tv
Needs more features
What will happen if you dig blocks under warden when he goes back to ground?
I can’t wait for this update. I am absolutely terrified of the warden, those animations are both awesome and horrifying.
wouldn't it be cool if by moving those reinforced basalt blocks in a certain way would create a portal towards... who knows??
... The Warden going after the bat is oddly adorable to me
the extending and spreading effect looks really cool, same with the darkness effect how it just kinda creeps in
Oh boy cant wait for matpat to make a theory about this
Insane. But I hate the way the air generates with the structures. I hate to say it but the caves around look so blocky!
When something in-game take EXP other than you, you know there's something wrong.
It's how you get to the Aether Dimension!!!
So no good loot
I couldn't help but notice that the Warden's attack noise sounded like an iron golem's attack and damage noises, or at least that's how it sounded to me. I wonder if there's any significance to that.
ohh! I love the darkness effect! would be cool if it also applies during a harsh snow or a stormy desert :)) i'm a big fan when it comes to atmospheric stuff..
ohh! I really hope the scary sounds stays! been so long since minecraft have anything scary in it since enderman!..
0:04 FBI OPEN UP
It seems like people were trying to protect the "portal" from the skulk
I feel like the soul lanterns ruin the dark vibe. Maybe they should be removed and the candles should be unlit.
I kinda feel like the warden should have less health, but then shouldn't actually die. Instead, they should just retreat underground, so you can't actually kill them.
It would be cool if you got a warden head when killing it.
It kinda looks like the skulk is some sort of parasite which invaded the Ancient City. Maybe that monument *_was_* some sort of portal in the past which was where it came from.
11:20 The Warden will become Minecraft's Dungeon Guardian, just you wait.
Jumpscare at 0:24
I love how the warden chases the bat ,it reminded me of the pekka from clash of clans chasing a butterfly in one of their trailer or smthng
I love how they've designed the wardens but I still feel like there needs to be an incentive besides swift sneak to explore the ancient cities. You can easily get all the skulk blocks without ever going below Y-1 so I wish there was something similar to elytra to make them desirable to explore. The whole underdark area looks very cool but a bit unrewarding compared to how difficult it looks to traverse.
Fun Fact that you can actually sprint while sneaking with swift sneak enchantment on and it has exactly same speed. You can even sprint and jump and sneak at the same time which could lead to map making revolutions and stuff it just has so many possibilities
I can’t believe your skin is doomguy.
the second warden running and killing you was a jumpscare tbh
the bat part makes sense i hope they dont remove that also i wonder if they will add a darkness potions it would make an interesting thing to use in PvP
I have a theory that the "portal" that people talk about is a dimensional space for a world disaster creature that probably ancient people fought for millennia and it's most likely imprisoned there for decades. The Ancient City is most likely a cover up or a use to be thriving civilization until that "creature" appeared and destroyed everything. Hence why the Warden exists to keep players from finding out more.   For the Warden, I'm guessing one of the Ancient(s) created that mob to prevent another disastrous event.  That's just a guess on my part <3
I can't wait for the sneak speed enchantment
I love how this is Xisumas aproatch and how Pixillriffs just went in on survival guns blazing!😂
I'm very confused because my computer is saying that the latest snapshot is 1.18.2? I played it and there is no warden or anything. Do I need to update minecraft or something because I'm confused
The idea about the frame block thing being a portal is kind of not really plausible considering what we know about Mojang's plans for Minecrap, and I noticed if that if it really was a portal, then it'd be plausible to assume that the other portal would be the same size as the portal, which is really large. That implies an different structure on the other side, perhaps in a much different design... There's also the possibility that it's an one way trip, just like the End portal, and just like the exit portal in the End, you'd have to spawn or reactivate it somehow.
Imagine having a Warden farm using a zombie spawner
oh god more boot enchantments!
All those effetcs and particles will be lovely for custom datapacks.
"Get a silk touch hoe." sounds like a pimp saying.
*tips & tricks*  you can build 3 blocks up and kill warden easily like golem  dont use projactiles too often, if you do the warden will see and chase you hearbeats sounds are very helpful, if its slow your safe if its very very fast.. RUN  if you manage to kill warden, you can summon another one by accident the same way as the first one so be careful and quiet  if you want to slow down the heartbeat sounds so you will be safer, its impossible and the only way is to not make any noise for some time (2minutes+) and by doing that the warden will simply go away (underground)  the vibration thingy that sensor makes cant go through wool, so you can quietly build the sensors around with wool or use it another way for your adventage  hope it helps, if i missed anything i will try to add it as soon as possible
That doesn't look like vanilla minecraft anymore
What I’m really hoping is that that portal thing will summon a boss. Hopefully something terrifying and lovecraftian.
I feel like the enchantment should have been soft step, where it would slow your speed slightly, but allow you to walk over powder snow and skulk without having to sneak
13:27 Completely blast resistant? movable using pistons? I think the redstone community just got a late christmas gift. :P
remember when they added soul speed? it was anoying because my boots had so many enchantments i had to start over to get them all. now there could potentially be 8 enchantments that can go on boots... oh dear
if mojang dosent change anything about warden then people will just build 3 blocks up like with golem and its gonna be so ez
I have a suspicion that the massive "portal" is a statue/shrine for something, since at 15:23, you can see a mini version of it to the right
the portal could be to other deep dark cities
what happened to bedrock getting the warden
"The Wild Update"  *There's a Dark, unsettling new Biome, with a dangerous in quote, Natural Disaster that is meant to be fled from and avoided and is nearly impossible to kill*  Sure.. I think the Devs made this into part nature documentary with the Frogs etc and a *HORROR FILM* with the Deep Dark
Imagine if every mob had a spawn animation like the wardens...
I really hope it comes to bedrock soon, I can’t experience the update yet. I’m on the switch
I feel like the "portal" maybe a way to transport yourself between ancient cities. Like you light one up, light up another in some other city, and you can go through the first to come out the second or vise versa. Don't know how it'd work with more than two besides maybe a menu or some item to sync a couple up.
Cool, now people can start finding ways to cheese the Warden fight.
"i think this mob is made to not be killed by judhging of the 500 hp points" Mojang that said that since its apearance in 2020-2021  Edit: maybe its a portal to where the wardens are when "underground" and maybe they get teleported and the shriekers just teleports some sound from that dimensione to the overworld and they somehow hear it trough dimensiones and go there
I think the flooded Ed’s could be cool
this looks pretty good and I always wanted more dungeons with strong boss-like mobs in minecraft but the loot isn't worth it
Maybe Mojang silently added another dimension. But you have to push all blocks in the right shape
These cities have a bit of a "mass ritual sacrifice" vibe, which is a bit concerning.
I feel like the cities need more loot, as of now its just the new enchantment which is only useful in the cities. I feel like a new item would give the player more of a reason to explore. them. Maybe something OP for endgame that you need to collect lots of parts for or something that drops when you kill the warden.
I think the Warden Going after Bats is intentional due to echolocation.
I hate the ideas of two wardens in one deep dark biome. I think Mojang should allow only one to spawn at a time.
With the spawn egg the warden should come out of the ground
Ok not gonna lie I think that the faster sneaking is cool and everything but if that is supposed to be the incentive to go into the ancient cities it’s not worth it. I can see it’s usefulness but at the same time if you just stay away from deep dark biomes then it kinda loses a major amount of what it would be used for.
How do we get here is gunna be so much harder to get now.
considering mojang hasnt said what the block is for, my guess is, if it is a portal, that function would be implemented after an end update.
Swift sneak is gonna be awesome for Bedrock players while bridging
what happen if you put bell around warden? will it distracted?
I'd like to see mimics instead of some of the regular chests, to add even more difficulty. They could jump towards you and do some damage when opened
I think Mojang should have made it so that when you find a deep dark city, you can light the warden mouth building and then when you go to a different ancient city you can light the other warden mouth structure and they would function as a way to teleport between two locations. I think this is balanced because of the rarity of Ancient Cities.
If it is supposed to be a portal, it doesn’t necessarily have to function in 1.19. They could add the block now, and add the functionality later. I think they’re setting the stage for 1.20
I feel like it would make a lot more sense for the Warden to just stay in the ancient city, as their purpose, them being the "warden" of the city, would be more fitting, and those who do not wish to interact with it but still want to go caving can do so (which was mentioned as one of the parameters of the warden in Minecraft Live). Also the patches of skulk blocks should be in a much smaller radius to the city as more of an indication as to where it is and ensures that the rest of the underground landscape is untouched by the spreading of the skulk blocks.
You missed the frog i think
Holy shit...
i love the little sculk gardens with the pools! really makes it feel even more like a place where people used to live.   also, mobs not spawning in the deep dark is confirmed to be intentional
anxiety in a nutshell 10:05
so the reinforced deepslate is basically movable bedrock? cool
Hey xisuma  Forge Labs has a zombie apocalypse Mod you might be interested in doing a play through of.
can killing the enderdragon near a skulk catalyst create skulk?
It would be so cool if the chest emitted more light like a strobe light
I hope you can get locations of these cities from cartographers
Was that a new block above the redstone lamps near the center?  If there are plans for this aincient city to have a new dimension tied to it, it'd be cool if activating it reaiured turning on the lamps in some unique way.
Is nobody gonna talk about that little blooper at the beginning of the video? That kinda cracked me up a little.
I’m sorry xisuma, but that is definitely a portal imo
Yoooooooo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Im sooooo excited!!!!!
Its strange that the only other completely blast resistent block are end potal frames. Cant be a coincidence.
Most have probably forgot about it but have we got any news on the archeology system?
"awww get rekt" -xisuma 2022
They could use the future archaeology update to obtain artifacts to set up the portal in the city.   That would be a great tie in.
Bat: (just doing his thing) Warden: *And I took that personally*
the reinforced deepslate looks a lot like the ravager to me, so I'm excited to see if it confirms the theory that ravagers are a type of golem
Mojang should change the snowball on loot tables because having snowballs on chests underground doesn't make any sense. Maybe craftables/obtainable rocks. It's an ancient city so debris items makes sense.
Imagine placing a skulk shrieker in your base, so people who try to steal stuff just get wrecked by a warden
I feel like the frame in the city is just Mojang thinking ahead. Probably a lot, a lot lot of updates later and mojang feels "hey, maybe we want to make another dimension?", bam, they already have the perfect place for it.
Finally, The One Who Wards In The Dark is here, the Sculk Demon, the guardian of the dark deep.
anybody else notice the secret warden spawn tracker command?
Horror map creators will make great use out of the darkness effect
I feel like those “portals” were what the wardens and skulk used to escape into this dimension and kill the inhabitants of these cities. But that’s just a theory. A GAME th…
4:34 DO IT WITH THE ENDERDRAGON
the sculk sensor has changed because you can find it in the creative inventory
1:20 do you mean 2021..?😂
thats pretty good blaze rates
What happens if an ender dragon or wither dies next to a catalyst? :O
what if the deep dark thing is like a warp gate, you can go from one to another
This is all really cool. I am just worried this will turn into another stronghold. Once you have been there, there is really no need to come back. Feels very empty.
You know excluding everything else scary about the warden, something that i think brings some kindness to them is that the acient city IS filled with candles which, if im understanding even with minecraft logic, need maintenance. In short: Warden though blind upkeeps their candles and regularly checks to make sure they are still lit.
A dimension full of sculk could be really cool. Adds a nice reward aswell given atleast right now the rewards are not worth the trouble
I have a feeling that is a portal, and it might link to a new dimension - or it could have something to do with the strongholds. I've got a feeling it does.
Yeah, it's cool but if we're exploring a samey empty ruin everytime then surely it'll get a bit boring? I love what Mojang are doing, but compared to mods with actual interesting dungeons and loot it just doesn't hold a candle to it. Everyone Just wants the aether at this point
.
the fact that you put the warden in every thumbnail leading up to this release makes me somehow resentful that the actual warden is finally in this one.  like I had been so conditioned to be disappointed by your choice of clickbait, that I am unable to be excited that the warden is finally officially given to the public to play with.  like it just feels like nothing.  thank you for deflating this moment 100%
Mojang has been killing it with sound design for the last few updates, but this stuff REALLY takes the cake!
Oreo Cupcakes 🧁 🤯 https://youtu.be/cYJMMfqEPuM
And See 🎁🎁🎁    https://youtube.com/shorts/cPC-mr87fK8?feature=share
The whole deep dark city is really cool, it's like the remnant of an ancient society that thrived even against the odds, using wool blocks and snow balls to protect themselves from the warden. You can see there's still water sources, presumedly from them as well. I like the idea of the large structure being a portal as well, maybe the old civilization finally found a way out of the desolate deep dark, which is why the city is abandoned after all. Well all I really know is that this super cool and I'm really looking forward to what comes next!!!
I really think the *deep* dark is way to high up currently. To do its name justice, it should only generate bekow y=0, or even y=-30
So, Wardens can be distracted by bats? Now _that's_ an Achilles' heel.
Late 2020?
13:23 i think that it will teleport you to another ancient city that has this "portal" lit... So you can teleport betewen citys
I like the idea of the portal though with the name of the block being Reinforced Deepslate and other factors its unlikely its a portal to another dimension especially with the structures placement with no lead up to it, though it would be cool
What's the purpose of the ancient city outside of just looking cool? You get an enchantment and some snowballs while getting killed by a 500 hit point mob that can 2 shot you with full netherite?
I think those deep dark chunks spawn too much. I like the mostly natural look of the cave system and these things spawn too frequently and pollute the cave systems in my opinion. I would like these to occur less frequently.
Imagine a bat luring a warden to u
Imagine kids exploring the deep dark cities without knowing the warden🤡
7:03 "It is coming towards us"  OR  "It is coming to wards us"?🤔  The Warden wards you.
I wonder what 1.20 update would look like🤤
The warden is surprisingly easy to kill
I personally hope that they make the Warden an uncommon spawn and rather make it so there are maybe skulk variants of current monsters.
The warden chasing the bat is actually pretty cute, like a dog trying to catch a fly mid air.
(John 3:16,17) "For God so loved the world, that He gave His only begotten Son, that whosoever believes in Him should not perish, but should have eternal life. For God did not send His Son into the world to condemn the world, but that the world might be saved through Him." (Romans 10:9,10) "That if you confess with your mouth the Lord Jesus and believe in your that God has raised Him from the dead, thou shalt be saved. For with the heart, man believeth unto righteousness and with the mouth confession is made unto salvation."
Oh boy now I can carry around 3 pairs of netherite boots with me at all times, what a great use of time that'll be making a third pair just so I can use another exclusive enchantment.  They seriously need to stop with the boot enchantments, especially when there's so many that don't work with each other because even if I don't bother with my frost walker boots it now feels like these are basically mandatory for building for me as a second pair. Being able to crouch at walk speed will let me build so many things substantially faster and then I also am going to definitely make depth strider soul speed boots because those end up having the most actual use outside of building. If the enchantment were exclusive to soul speed alone id be fine with it, but the fact that it has 3 exclusivities is insane for something that is only useful for building, and exploring the skulk
i hope they keep the bat thing
This is so cool...
The warden animation coming out spawned from sculk shrieker is sick! I cannot wait when they officially release 1.19 and having deep dark city and warden to Bedrock and Java!
I was hoping to see excavation :(
They *really* need to make the spawning requirements for those Sculk patches MUCH lower. I don't even like the idea of them spawning very far over Y0, let alone over sea level.
The way you farm the blocks will literally be coronavirus 2.0 because it will spread all over the world lmao.
So, there's finally a use for them in vanilla.
Can't wait to never go here in survival. I already don't go caving on survival, unless its peaceful. That and I don't really go in the Nether much. I'm such a scaredy cat I avoid mobs unless I'm prepared for it above ground
I think some more intact or semi-intact buildings should be added, most covered in sculk, as it is a city, but not too much as it is ancient.
Minecraft horror update sounds appropriate
Two achievement ideas:  Places that once were: find an ancient city  Legends that still are: Cause a warden to spawn
Bedrock minecraft is the perfect one. Why mojang realease it both could you.
I have a feeling that sculck generating above sea level is probably a bug, and will get changed before the final update.  But otherwise, THIS IS AWESOME!!!
I wonder if that block that eats exp can be coded to put out wheat dyed black. That way you can sacrifice mobs to the alter and have a source of food underground.
Anyone else see swift sneak and think speed bridge
half life alyx jeff moment
City looks cool and all but doesn't seem worth going to, the loot is terrible. I think the loot should be similar to the Bastion as in a highly dangerous area means very valuable loot to find. If it stays the same, I'll probably go once and never go back again.
After 1.17/1.18, every mob is getting such great and unique animations like the frogs and warden 👍🏻 (The warden is really cool!)
NATURALLY GENERATING REDSTONE LAMPS????
9:03 I feel ya warden... I feel ya... 😔
I hope in future updates, the warden can only emerge from skulk blocks. I just looks weird coming out of the stone.
plot twist, that isn't a mouth on the warden's face it's one giant nostril
That's a new rebuild project
Why nightvision is now necessary
The vibe is cool but considering the only real reward is something that makes exploring it easier it doesn't really seem worth it
Looks cool, so far it's useless. Needs more balancing in terms of elytras. Overall, the game lacks challenge/progression/exploration.
I am 100% going to make a base out of a City
now imagine these sculk shriekers and sculk sensors being able to detect voicemod so when playing with friends you'd have to be super quiet going through this biome
I’m really hope those archeological sites will be in this update. They were a feature that I was really excited for back when 1.17 was announced and it’s really a shame that they have been delayed so much
Honestly the chests need more stuff in the loot table, I don't think the sneak enchantment is enough to risk going down there.   What bout another new enchantment called "Intangibility"? It could apply to tridents and allow them to phase through blocks (like a ghost). Each enchantment level determines the number blocks it can pass through, up to lvl 3. THAT might be worth risking going into the deep dark.
Where do we get this!?!?!
So, here's an idea: what if the frame blocks are some sort of teleporter?
Warden remind me of the Yiga clan from breath of the wild
I love the bat part
So those frame blocks are just player trapping incarnate. You can move them with pistons to cycle away attempts at mining and they're really, really hard
Minecraft is now the hit game GTFO
I still can't believe something like the deep dark cities is actually going to be in vanilla Minecraft.
I think the warden should climb walls if it sees a target up higher, with a cool animations ones provided
The loot seems underwhelming
The true "pretty scary update"
The wither only has 150 hearts......
Oh man, the Deep Dark and Warden for me are easily the most excited I've ever been for something in Minecraft. The animations of the Warden, how much damage it does, the mechanic of the Sculk Catalyst and the atmosphere of the Cities, it's close to being the best thing in the game! Some notes and suggestions though.  - Cheesing the Warden with pillars and tiny holes: I'm glad that the developers know of this issue and are trying to work around the issue that doesn't involve block breaking. It sounds like it can be really cool if done right. I was thinking that since there are Sculk Veins, Wardens could summon a Sculk Veins entity that raise from the ground and after slightly less than a second, grapples its target and pulls it to the Warden that summoned it. It can be as fast as the Warden and goes around corners to try to catch the target, unable to go through blocks and having to outmaneuver the veins.  - Ancient City Loot: Yeah this definitely looks temporary lol. I don't think anyone would risk encountering the Warden for just books, name tags and the Swift Sneaker enchantment, even if it is a really good enchant. I really wonder what they will do with the loot, and how to encourage players looking for more than one Ancient City.   - Deep Dark Biome: The Sculk is way too spread out, and it makes the biome feel lame without an Ancient City. I feel they should be a lot more of the stuff, having sculk infested pillars, and a sculk themed light source would be cool!  Overall, this is just so exciting and wonderful to me, and I really hope that the team does a lot more risky and unique things suck as the Deep Dark family!
Ithink the reason no mobs are spawning is the soul lanterns. All of the hallways have them at regular intervals and with the light update mobs can only spawn in light level 0.
I'm curious, if once the warden is summoned, what happens if I pillow up three maybe four blocks? Am I safe then?
John 3:16 16For God so loved the world that he gave his one and only Son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life.
As the swift sneaking enchantment is now I have no plans to use
Minecraft is just becoming a horror game
On Cubfan's video, he was able to spawn a Warden on the surface, but it took a long time of setting off the skulk sensors to get one to finally show up.  It looks like the higher up you are, the longer it takes for a Warden to be summoned.
It better be a fucking portal.
when is it coming haven't had t yet-
Righteousness Through Faith  21 But now apart from the law the righteousness of God has been made known, to which the Law and the Prophets testify. 22 This righteousness is given through faith in[h] Jesus Christ to all who believe. There is no difference between Jew and Gentile, 23 for all have sinned and fall short of the glory of God, 24 and all are justified freely by his grace through the redemption that came by Christ Jesus. 25 God presented Christ as a sacrifice of atonement,[i] through the shedding of his blood—to be received by faith. He did this to demonstrate his righteousness, because in his forbearance he had left the sins committed beforehand unpunished— 26 he did it to demonstrate his righteousness at the present time, so as to be just and the one who justifies those who have faith in Jesus.
No One Is Righteous  9 What shall we conclude then? Do we have any advantage? Not at all! For we have already made the charge that Jews and Gentiles alike are all under the power of sin. 10 As it is written:  “There is no one righteous, not even one; 11     there is no one who understands;     there is no one who seeks God. 12 All have turned away,     they have together become worthless; there is no one who does good,     not even one.”[b] 13 “Their throats are open graves;     their tongues practice deceit.”[c] “The poison of vipers is on their lips.”[d] 14     “Their mouths are full of cursing and bitterness.”[e] 15 “Their feet are swift to shed blood; 16     ruin and misery mark their ways, 17 and the way of peace they do not know.”[f] 18     “There is no fear of God before their eyes.”[g] 19 Now we know that whatever the law says, it says to those who are under the law, so that every mouth may be silenced and the whole world held accountable to God. 20 Therefore no one will be declared righteous in God’s sight by the works of the law; rather, through the law we become conscious of our sin.
The warden looks like a dog chasing a butterfy 9:09
2:36 - Reminds me of the Deep Dark area from the Alan Becker Animation vs. Minecraft Warden animation.  Also, you missed the silenced Sculk Sensors near the huge structure. They're waterlogged so they can still activate, but you cannot hear them.
JOHN 3:16-21 For God So Loved the World 16 “For God so loved the world,[i] that he gave his only Son, that whoever believes in him should not perish but have eternal life. 17 For God did not send his Son into the world to condemn the world, but in order that the world might be saved through him. 18 Whoever believes in him is not condemned, but whoever does not believe is condemned already, because he has not believed in the name of the only Son of God. 19 And this is the judgment: the light has come into the world, and people loved the darkness rather than the light because their works were evil. 20 For everyone who does wicked things hates the light and does not come to the light, lest his works should be exposed. 21 But whoever does what is true comes to the light, so that it may be clearly seen that his works have been carried out in God.”
If that structure ends up being a portal, I want to have to light it with a warden drop. Wardens are confirmed mini bosses so their loot needs to be useful. I don't want the warden dropping some dumb cosmetic, we need more progression systems in Minecraft.   Also, imagine the ancient city "corrupting" mobs. So the city not only has wardens guarding the loot but also buffed mobs that have warden-like traits ex. a fast moving creeper that follows sound.
I heard the loot table for ancient city chests is going to change in the future.
omg it destroyed the shield durability so fast 11:20
If xp bottles don't work then maybe the catalysts are using mob *souls* and not actual xp.
Can you get Swift Sneak from Enchanting?
This looks cool and scary.
nice
i hope they'll add something more significant to the ancient cities, as it doesn't really seem worth it at the moment..
Maybe the portal will be a gateway to other end city portals
I kinda hope for another great music disc
warden farms lol
Who would go down there and risk everything just  for that poor loot i think they need to make the loot table waaay better
ok this is actually really awesome
9:20 Omg i laughted so hard there when you said "get rekt" XD
letsgoo
Honestly, the reinforced deepslate has me stumped. I know that people thought it would be a portal to another dimension, but I remember something about how Mojang weren't going to add any new dimensions until _all_ the preexisting dimensions are updated.  Which so far:  1. Only the Nether has been updated for now, with new biomes to explore, 2. The Overworld had an overhaul the shape of caves as well as the shape of the whole surface(not just the mountains), though I think Wild Update could end up updating the look of all the biomes because I feel like just updating only the swamp and the birch forest biomes are just a little random(maybe all the Overworld biomes could be updated alongside the losers of all the biome votes), 3. And once the entire Overworld is updated and the Nether has already been updated, it just leaves the End as the last dimension because in comparison to the new Nether and what will be the new Overworld after the Wild Update, the End is very boring after you defeat the Ender Dragon and get an elytra. So if the Overworld is currently being updated and the End still needs another update, I unfortunately don't see a new "Deep Dark & Warden" dimension being added in the Wild Update but it would be very cool if there was going to be a new dimension. Though said "Deep Dark & Warden" dimension could be added once all the preexisting dimensions are updated, maybe? Another possibility a friend brought up is that the Ancient City and the reinforced deepslate "portal" could be the replacement to strongholds. It's an interesting idea, since I thought I remember people used to theorize(back when there was supposed to be one Caves & Cliffs update) that strongholds could possibly be moved to the Deep Dark biomes so that everyone would have to sneak past the Warden to get to the End Portal. But despite some people wanting the strongholds to be updated, I don't think people would like the Ancient City "portal" to replace the classic End portal. So I guess the reinforced deepslate "portal will remain a mystery for the moment.
looks and feels really awesome to play, but i really wish the warden could slowly break blocks to get to its target or smth, cause rn you can just go into a 3 deep 2x1 tunnel and slowly kill it with your fist, which kinda defeats the whole risk factor
Its funny how Mojang completely forgot about archeology.
I feel like the reinforced deepslate wouldn't be destroyed upon breaking with it being reinforced
minecraft horror maps will be taking a step further
warden looks epic
I'll make an honest to god £100 bet with anyone that that becomes a portal, if anyone wants to take me up on this I'll do it. If two people are willing to do this ill just take the first. Yes I am serious
I think the "summoning a distant warden" thing is some hidden value that increases until a warden is spawned, and then once it gets high enough the next shrieker activation will spawn a warden
The warden chasing bats is the funniest thing I've seen in a long time! I hope it stays!
IT WONK WORK ON MACCCCC!!!
gulag in minecraft
I think the deep dark shouldn't generate very far above Y 0, and certainly shouldn't ever be exposed to the surface. Feels weird to see it so high up. I can see it being higher up when under mountains though
It’d be cool if the middle thing led to another dimension where it was all skulk and wardens were “basic mobs” rather than some sort of boss type thing, and then make another even more powerful mob/boss in that dimension. This idea could work because the wardens crawling out of the ground could be like the sensors bringing them from their dimension
The way we have high-quality structure like the city but we also have low-quality ones like jungle temples makes me think they should remake the old structures
From my experience so far, the warden takes 3 shriekers to summon first time, and any more times a shrieker is activated in a massive area (perhaps your render distance or something idk) it only takes 1 shrieker instead
Narrative of Self is the result of a feedback loop between “Separate Self” & Cosmos—🎈
Maybe the "portal" is more of a summoning area for a boss, maybe killing wardens will drop a boss summoning item that you can use to activate the portal.
Swift sneak is a cool enchantment but not as good as good old depth strider
I immediately played it and loved the warden, but I wish the deep dark loot was as worth it as nether fortresses as there's not much purpose going to the cities right now
the big portal like thing kinda looks like one of the wardens prototypes
Mythbusting: can the Reinforced Deepslate resist Wither blasts? (I'm guessing it stops black skulls but not the blue ones?)
Every update we get closer to the minecraff animation vids we always loved
LMAOOO THE "GET REKT" GOT ME
PS4 also
When will bedrock get this snapshot?
I've been experimenting with bats. On bedrock we have the scull senser so I used bats to annoy them.
I'm really hoping they make the loot a lot better. Why else go down there?
Imagine killing a mob and watching diamonds getting converted into skulk
Warden was like: BUTTERFLY
Seeing as how that blast resistant block would take so long to mine, do you think Mojang would introduce another enchantment to allow for faster mining of deep dark blocks? Especially since they have introduced the swift sneak enchantment.
At 11:05 when he said "it's not about k!lling it" the wardrn kinda did a little nod
This is the most interesting Minecraft has been in a while.
thats cool
It would be cool if in deep darks torches and other light sources had a small effect almost like a redstone torch
I found a secret feature: command /warden_spawn_tracker
I mean, technically it is a portal. Just not an interdimensional one.
1:20 when he said that I just realized how fast these 2 years have gone by
matpat gonna have fun with this
*14:10* Woohoo, we'll have a new block that the prisons will be made out of instead of obsidian and its crying variant. Hooray.   *9:11* Also, this has the same vibes to it as Pekka (From Clash Of Clans) chasing a butterfly. Except that ''Pekka'' is The Ancient FuelWeaver clone and it is going to catch the ''Butterfly'' no matter what. You get what I mean, don't you? Right?..  Man, that sentence will make so little sense for people that haven't heard of these games!
The warden looks so intelligent for a Minecraft mob... i like how the game is evolving
Oh my god Ancient Cities spawn soul lanters Look at me go storming ancient cities for them
i think that a lot of this needs some serious adjustment. it's all good so far, but it 100% shows the fact that this is the first shot. hopefully all of this is majorly improved by release, cuz so many of these features are currently either self-defeating, easily circumvented, or just entirely nonfunctional
even if it isn't a portal I still think its going to be important in some way
hi
Woah
Strong were the people if this civilization to kill so many wardens for the "portal" block
you explaned it so nicely
Xisumas first instinct is to make a damn farm. Of course.
I love other monsters being afraid of THE WARDEN <3
I like the idea of the portal to a new dimension, who knows, it could be a possibility for Mojang to utilise this idea in future updates. Those blocks are definitely interesting as they are limited and seems like cannot be crafted, extremely strong like obsidian, perhaps they could be used as a portal in the future!
the darkness effect with a modified gamma looks even more scary! it makes the sculk catalyst, shrieker and sensors flash red and black
Ancient city looks kinda disappointing, not gonna lie. Not much to explore about it really.
https://youtu.be/lgbf-QK_3oE
Reinforced Deepslate has a vertebrate-like look from the side.
Truly worth the wate
hearing xisuma say "get rekt" was not something i was expecting today, but it was something that I absolutely needed.
this is awesome!!!
1:41 Rare footage of Doom Guy ignoring some possessed and revenants.
i hope the reinforced deepslate frame is actually a portal to the original deep dark "dimension" we saw the first time alongside the warden and candles.
I really hope its a portal
tango will probably use them for his iron golem farm in season 9
YAY YAY YAY. The new blast proof block is going to be super useful for farms.... but a pain in the ass to use, as you can't mine it. You'll have to piston bolt it to places.
Not sure I've ever commented to say it, but I REALLY appreciate your summaries of the new additions/changes in versions as someone who wouldn't want to comb through the changelogs myself. Thanks X! <3
Sculk is like an other dimensional infection on the over-world 🤨
I think the deep dark biome shouldn't generate as so many blobs as it makes feel less like a biome and would have tons of wardens appear, making caving for the general player less enjoyable and near impossible. The biome should be avoidable and not everywhere in splotches. It would also be annoying to see blobs of sculk in like a lush cave or dripstone cave. Also having them generate high up makes them feel less like a 'deep' and 'dark' biome. I think they should only appear in the deepslate levels of the world.
Omg, so much LORE!
My first impression was the lack of contrast, having a deepslate city inside a cave made entirely from deepslate isn't very visually interesting, a lighter block would be better for the city's composition imo
The warden could be used as a security guard if used right and you're okay with crouching a lot.
I keep hearing of this "Javer edition" Minecraft
I feel like they could make some "Sculk Variants" of zombies and skeletons in extremely low quantities that could only detect you if you set off a Sculk Sensor or touch them, that way you could have a small bit of more mobs without killing off the vibe...heck it might even improve it, but there's only one way to find out...
OMG I CAN GET IT NOW!?
Hoping the portal in the ancient city might go to new dimension
9:20 HAHAHAHHA I'M DEAD
i hate hwo after you damage the warden enough he just locks onto you, HE DOESNT HAVE EYES FOR FUCK SAKES
The only new loot being a enchantment I bet people wont use will ruin the city, no reason to go because we will always use depth strider. Something really unique and usefull would be good.
1.19 is the update where bats actually have a purpose now lol
This will be a good time for Mojang to add a new design for chests
speed bridging is dead
They really should have added the sniffer in 1.20.0 because the minecraft now live stream someone made a sniffer which sniffer out the food you hold
I think that the centrepieces will be portals, but instead of interdimensional ones, they'll be connected to another in the overworld. This is why they can't be transported, so that they won't be too op, as it is really hard to find them, they're quite rare, they're in an inconvenient place and I'm pretty sure they'll only be connected to only another one. It makes sense, as they're part of the late game and are nerfed properly.
The name of the snapshot feels SO family friendly. Nice!
I wasn't convinced at first that the portal would lead to another dimention because they almost certainly would have mentioned it before now, but when you started listing its properties, I'm starting to change my mind. Its blast resistent, difficult to break and can't be crafted, which feel very similar to both obsidian and end portal frames. Honestly, I think its more likely that it won't lead to another dimention, and instead lead to another city, potentially trumping the nether in terms of transport speed - and fittingly, it seems to be more dangerous too.
Mojang could use that indestructible structure as a portal to a deep dark dimension. The deep dark we have right now kind of feels underwhelming
I think I’d prefer the Warden not dropping any loot. We know there will be ways to farm it; and in doing that will make them less scary. The Enderman was the original Warden, but they now hold the record for the most farmed mob in Minecraft.
Mid
Already have theories on this newest snapshot
YOu know, this is a thought I've had but the entire building looks like it was built with surviving the warden in mind. A bunch of light that wont ever burn out (soul stuff), wool floors, and plenty of walls. It almost feels like it was a structure meant to contain the skulk or whatever, and it failed. Resulting in it spreading.
The warden is way too animated. It's so out of place compared to the all other mobs in the game!
I'm guessing it will be a portal in a future update. If they don't try to pull a surprise announcement in a few weeks.
6:12 there are 2 wardens in there 💀
I never thought I will be truely scared of going to the mines. Moria had its Balrog, we have the Warden... to be precise many of them
Honestly I would have preferred if the deep dark was mostly skulk but with splotches of land, ( basically the opposite of what it is now ) that sounds more spooky to me like just imagine how many mobs would have had to die for all of that skulk, plus when it's a bigger mass it feels more like a biome and less like a mini biome, also the deep dark should definitely only generate low down, I mean deep is in the name
Maybe some sort of skulk projectile could be added, to substitute the snowballs that seem kinda out of place in the loot chests in the lost cities.
BATS AREN'T USELESS ANYMORE!!!! They can distract the Warden away from us! YEEEEEESSSSS
@15:56. looks like ancient castle walls protecting the mysterious portal. Maybe it could be said that there was a very old Empire from a dimension that was loss in History, and it is now in ruins after a great war and the old empire became isolated in their old dimension.
2:37 That is an amazing cave, could you please give us the coordinates and seed, Xisuma? Thank you :)
I hope the portal is a point to point teleporter.
The ancient cities look so cool, but I wish there were some greater reward. All of the major structures in minecraft have interesting and unique rewards -  even ocean monuments have sponges. The idea of raiding one of the cities with my friends seems really fun, but without a real treasure there's not really an endgoal . I bet they'll probably add a music disc or something, but with the only unique drop being the swift sneak enchant (which is only helpful for the deep dark), it looks a bit underwhelming. Don't get me wrong I still think this is an awesome addition
Okay, I know this isn't the final version of the update, but the warden is just another useless mob as of now. According to the wiki the Wither Boss has 150 hearts, and the ender dragon has 100. Xisuma said that the Warden has 250 hearts, which is the combined health of the wither and the ender dragon, and yet it drops nothing. A mob that is so hard to kill and avoid should give you a reward for killing it. The Warden does seem scary, I'll give them that, but there is no real point in trying to fight one, especially since its the mob that does the most damage in the game. The only reason to explore the deep dark and the ancient city is just to get a couple of blocks and mostly just for sculk sensors since its the only one with a somewhat useful function. I like the idea of reinforced deepslate, but if we're not able to silk touch it, its just better and faster to go mining for ancient debris. I don't know, I hope they either make the Warden drop something extremely useful  or just straight up nerf him.
Minecraft has the worst combat of any game I can think of so it seems only natural to add a mob that's really hard to defeat instead of making the combat fun.
If it isnt a portal for 1.20 update then what is it?
THE WARDEN SPAWN ANIMATION OH MY GOD???? that’s so awesome
i think a whole new dimension might be a bit much to ask for, atleast for this update. but i absolutely think it could be a portal to a small pocket dimension for a new boss to fight.   maybe in this dimension exists an "Ancient Warden" who the old citizens of the cities worshiped like a god. and defeating him will be the next logical progression after killing the ender dragon. an absolute tank of a boss that gives massive rewards for player smart enough to beat it, whilst also dodging warden and skulk the whole time.  maybe to activate to portal each of those blocks need a "wardens soul" in lieu of ender eyes. meaning the grind to actually get there is not only massive, but difficult.  the rewards for beating this boss could be  A) a place to harvest skulk sensors and other blocks en mass B) a buttload of XP C) maybe a new end game item, something that really benefits the player in a new way. elytra and shulker boxes give a massive convenience to the player. so maybe something else that is not just powerful, but makes certain aspects of the game less grindy/inconvenient.
I could only imagine taking the time to even build one of these but only undamaged on the surface of the overworld and having villager luxury there. This would be a huge adventure for me to visit these places.
1.19 A Quiet Place update.
I hope that structure is a portal, it feels like theres no point to the deep dark otherwise. The loot is just generic apart from the new enchantment
It would be cool to see some sort of ghost in the ancient cities, maybe it would pop up for a second and as soon as you see it, it disappear. It wouldn't make any sound.
The warden is like a librarian shhh
Not sure if I misunderstood, but can the warden spawn in any of the blobs? If so, it makes caves honestly annoying considering how common the blobs seem to spawn.. I thought wardens were only supposed to spawn in the cities?
I think this is going to kill me many times in the game :D
not gonna lie the warden is definitely less scary than we first thought at first
Thanks X
I LOVE the darkness effect, it reminds me of how the Lich would show up in Adventure Time
Pretty nice I enjoy the 1.18 update
OGM SO COL
I didn't expect to ever hear X say get rekt oh my god
Was anybody else besides me wondering if the reason there's water around some of that area is because you can escape from the warden in water? That's one thing I was wondering about is that if the Warden can't swim since it uses hearing to effectively "see" Something interesting to think about and it would make sense since if it did get in water it would get disoriented because as you swim you make noise
Philza when he sees this structure: NUKE IT
Very exciting
I think the reinforced deepslate is gonna be used as breakable bedrock
I feel like after you get swift sneak III, there's no point in going to the ancient city, unless you need more reinforced deepslate for wither cages or other blast oriented stuff.
I'm hoping there's a new boss mob at the center of the city they're keeping secret
I have golden boots with Soul Speed that I've nicknamed my Trading Boots, now I'm gonna need a pair of Sneaking Boots too.
can you mine the generated skulk blocks to get xp from them?
They need to make those chests have higher valuable loot in them. Maybe, make a new activity of enchant books where you have a higher chance of high level enchants like mending, protection 5, or unbreaking 3… they just don’t seem worth it right now with the threat of the warden. Next do a warden verse a wither, I wonder who would win. My beats on the wither because it can fly if it were forced to the ground warden would destroy it.
Do Wardens swim? And does Flowing water push them back if they are angry?
I think the deep dark would feel more threatening if there were sculked mobs in it that don't set off the sensors, as they're part of their system. They might be almost blind variants of basic mobs that alert the warden when they spot you or when they die. Also they wouldn't die in a normal way but rather just screech and vanish
Holy crap just imagine walking around in one of these areas and you accidentally make noise and a warden just comes out of the ground in front of you. On the one hand I'm excited and on the other I'm absolutely terrified 😂
The "portal" might be a gateway between acient citys
Fast sprint should be compatible with frost walker.... Frost walker is such a useless enchantment that I think that It should be allowed
Maybe everyone should stay away from the wardens house
"Darkness" is what blindness should have been
Wait... you can just summon the warden anywhere?
DARKNES EFFECT MAKES FOR A GOOD AMONG US GAME
Maybe you're not supposed to kill to because it's protecting you from what may come through that portal? Then the name "Warden" makes more sense - it's a guard of the portal, keeping what may come through (or attempt to open it) in check.
I experimented a bit with the Sculk Catalyst. The radius of how much it grows is actually endless. I spawned Piglin Brutes from high above so it dies from the fall damage next to the Catalyst continuesly to feed the Catalyst. Th Sculk Catalyst is like a plant, it grows itself outwards like a tree's roots. It can also go down and along walls, creeping around a huge floating ball made out of stone for example. So the potential to make a selfmade huge biome of Sculk is actually limitless as it grows endlessly outwards as long as it gets fed with XP.
I have one suggestions for the ancient city’s. Mabye mojang could add abandoned houses so it looks more like people once’s lived there
The warden shouldn’t run away if it gets nametagged, just to keep a pet one if you really want to lol.
What if the portal isnt a portal it's a time machine and when you go through you'll reach the ancient city when (what ever lived there) still inhabited it.
jahver edition...lol
Loot table is kinda underwhelming tho, at least some diamonds and G-apples
this is all really cool but i wish everything was more rare
Feather falling when you sneak 😳you are *sneaking* thats stops you from falling of edges on blocks.
this should have been an expansion to the end dimension it looks really end like to me
Who knew the bats might save us from the Warden in the future gameplays
The warden chasing the bat reminds me of Pekka in clash of clans.
I can see tango making a iron farm with the warden 🙂
I want to know if the warden can spawn inside of water
*Warden Takes Notice Angrily* in subtitles: Superb meme template.
I remember when I spawned a warden using shriekers and censors from a mod and learned how Minecraft could easily become a horror game
This just adds to the minecraft lore. Also i hope that portal is the aether! We have been waiting for an aether for years now
I think the giant structure that people are calling a portal looks kind of like an alter.
While I love the the swift sneak enchant (mainly for bridging) there's no way I'm gonna swap out depth strider for it
It turns out that moving these frames isnt an intended effect, king has talked about it in Twitter
good thing we finally have a way to get rid of bats
Things I would like to be improved: - There definitely needs to be more loot in the ancient cities. One unique enchantment, sculk and blast resistant blocks is not enough to risk venturing down there (it's the first of many experimental snapshots, so Mojang might actually change a lot about that, so I'm not really worried here) - someone in the comments suggested to apply the Swift Sneak for the leggings - give the leggings some love! Boots already have so many enchantments. - Warden should ignore the sounds of certain mobs natural to cave systems (silverfish, bats, etc...) so it doesn't constantly freak out while walking around.
You miss it that You can find skulss In cities
Is 1.20 the End update? I highly suspect it may be. Enough about that, I have more theories. Something far more sinister is lurking in the deepest darkness of the Overworld. The Warden and the Sculk...  the reason why the Ancient portal exist is because It exists to introduce a future Lovecraftian dimension. That's my theory. The sculk is the infection into the overworld from the dimensional portal or its a science experiment gone wrong. Who let Steve mess with the potions again.. Without any knowledge about what role the Warden has in the game, I have a feeling that the Sculk, this alien like growth, seemingly from another dimension, looks to be seeping through a dimensional rift into the Overworld. Is the Warden guarding another dimension? Something to note is that a Data pack feature was added in 1.16 to easily implementing Dimensions and Biomes to Minecraft. Which is the foundation for future addition of Dimensions and Biomes. more things will be added to current Dimensions and others will be added eventually. If the Warden is guarding another Dimension, what could we see there? I think it is a dark place where there is no sunlight. Each organism? lives in symbiosis and communicating through vibrations. Everything in there can't communicate with you, you're feared and unwelcomed. Unlike the Nether which is clearly hell, the fictional Sculk Dimension could be a place of terror and torment as the Warden itself seems to have tormented souls trapped inside its chest. If this will become the fourth Dimension added, it would not happen before 1.20.  Unlike the Nether which is clearly hell, the fictional Sculk Dimension could be a place of terror and torment as the Warden itself seems to have tormented souls trapped inside its chest. If this will become the fourth Dimension added, it would not happen before 1.20.
If only you could catch bats in buckets and take them with you
The deep dark can spawn at Y=78? I guess it should be called the not so deep dark!
Dang I love the warden animations
What if you could teleport between the cities after activating the portals?
This is all super awesome but I feel as if the loot from the chests is very underwhelming
To be honest after all that waiting, I thought it was going to be more to it than just a new enemy, enchantment and a structure that spawns underground this time. Kinda underwhelming, but maybe I just played too much modded.
But wait, if it's a 1.19 snapshot, wouldn't there be features from the surface as well? Unless they still havent decided what to put aboveground
I do find it interesting that theres Basalt in the ancient cities
One thing I will say, I do think the loot table in the current deep dark snap shot is a bit sparse and isn't really reasonable to pursue at the time being with the risk of the warden. Granted, they'll probably add more as time progresses, but I do think with the deep dark, especially since we have the sculk blocks, that there should be a life steal enchantment as well. Especially since they seem to be going for a "sacrifices must be made" theme with the deep dark.   The other thing is, possibly getting netherite ingots, ancient debris or even soul speed or wither skulls here (since there are blocks from the nether here) as part of the loot table would be a pretty reasonable incentive to actually explore the deep dark cities as well. Plus, I know avoiding the warden is the main goal, but the idea that you get nothing for actually managing to overcome him  is a bit disheartening. Hopefully you can at least get his head with charged creepers.
It doesn't seem like this place is worth going to at all, too dangerous for some candles and some sneak speed :P
perhaps they will be gateways to other ancient cities? Similar to the portals in subnautica that link the different alien facilities
that sctructure in the city is not a portal, it can be a monument of warden (for sure, warden head)
Optifine's dynamic lighting, silk touch hoe, decent armor, and a few pairs of pants will be needed, got it
Would be cool if you could make a portal but the frame will change into a different immovable block that ages for a long time before it can be movable again
I really want the frames to make custom portals you can link together. It would be really difficult but worth it if you didn't have to mess with nether coordinates to move around the map
Wait bats actually have a purpose now
for anyone wondering where to get it here is a tutorial https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ
Good to protect pvp base
9:03 When the PEKKA gets bored of chasing butterflies:
As cool as a new dimension would be, it would be really cool if that portal looking think could be activated and teleport you to another city in the overworld. Like hyper fast overworld travel
sus portal
I'm not wearing any armor they kill me in one hit
leading bats or shooting bows at the warden could allow you to pass it safely, that's a neat mechanic.
Minecraft Horror Map creators be like: LETS GOO
Awesome
Ngl the loot doesn’t really seem worth it. The only useful things in there help you explore more, but why bother exploring if you don’t get anything good out of it? This isn’t me saying you shouldn’t explore the deep dark, but rather that Mojang should give us some special loot that can be useful on the surface that we can’t get anywhere else. Heck, it doesn’t even need to be useful, perhaps it can be more like a trophy like a warden head or something.
I hate the poor loot
If the portals ever ended up linking the ancient cities, it would be cool to have them as a way to quickly traverse the world and reach the border faster. Make it so that the only way to activate them is by using something from the late game end cities. Then, instead of another dimension, you could have there be some unique/weirder biomes that only appear millions of blocks away from spawn.
Time to make infiltration games in MC
the Warden should drop that unbreakable block, but very rarely. would like to then see a nice farm
The Warden should actually get pissed at the player if shot too many projectiles, as a way to still be afraid of him and not just be "oh just bring a bunch of snowballs"
wow, this is even more terrifying than i initially thought! wonderful!
The warden have 500 health
Blast resistant redstone doors would be amazing.
Anyone who saw this be like: YESS
I've always wanted a threat in Minecraft which was not just about killing it in 2 or 3 hits, one that actually makes you afraid of being noticed by it and the good strategy being to avoid it, reminds me a lot of Subnautica
Kinda looks like the venom symbiote
i think i know the killing method for tangos next ironfarm :)
Why making new block if you can't use it at all and you can only find it in one specific place? New portal or something else is coming.
8:39 Pretty much NoSlow hacks lol
This sounds fun
It doesn’t make sense for it not to be the portal one. Those blocks have to serve a purpose.
Swift sneak is such a good idea. I never thought of something like that.
Remember when the deep dark was a modded dimension. Pepperidge Farms remembers
That thing is probably a future portal! It really has similar properties to the end portal frame! Blast resistance, cannot be mined (almost), maybe the piston is a bug, really looks like a portal
T H I S  I S  W H A T  I V E  B E E N  W A I T I N G  F O R
bdubs will be even more exited to go caving.... or not
It looks like bats have a use finally!
Hold on. the floors in the ancient cities are made of wool. Speaking strictly from a lore standpoint, does that mean that whoever built the cities knew that the warden was destructive and out of control? Game Theory made a video about it, saying that the warden may have been created and left behind to guard the end portal, but that doesn't seem to add up here.
It would be a cool idea if wearing mob heads would throw off the scent of the Warden since assumedly the heads would smell like the mobs they belong to. It would also be a cool connection if he wouldn’t smell you with a pumpkin on your head since the sculk and the End appear to be connected in some way, adding to the lore of the game and a neat game mechanic.
Alls good in the update… only thing I’d love to see is another music disk added to the loot table of ancient cities
I'm thinking since the warden is kinda like a boss, if the rectangle thing is a portal then perhaps the warden will drop that glowy orb in it's chest that will light the portal.
Hopefully the loot will be just a smidge better, because besides collecting the new blocks  and seeing the ancient city theres no real motivation to go down there.
This update is good but I HAVE THE PVP
in my opinion i think the Ancient cities kind of remind me of something strait out of dead space
Lovely vid! I was exploring the cities myself and I found structures that look like lamps, and theyre activated by sculk sensors on top! I found that super cool to just spawn around. Like a streetlamp!
one day, someone will make a warden farm
Okay, so I very much doubt it's a portal at all, but hoe cool would it be if it were a portal, not to another dimension, but to another part of the over world?? Maybe to another deep dark city? Or if possible, make it so we can collect it and have a way to connect it to a specific portal of the same material, but only in the over world
Gonna  be  honest, a Skulk Dimension sounds like an awesome idea.
Nevermind I was so Hyped to try it but I have to wait in this comes into a New Snapshot/Update I only Use TLauncher and I tried to Do the Download and Folder thing but it don't work, I tried to YouTube it and tried it, Didn't work either
Strong nether fortress vibes from these cities!
What happens if you put a catalyst near the bedrock in the end after killing the dragon? Will it change the endstone? Bedrock?
Imagine Bridging with swift sneak its way easier off-course we wont be able to use it on hypixel but bridging in Nether, End and over the Seas will be more fun and accessible rather than just skill based
I am dead curious what the centerpiece (Portal?) might be once it's released
10:44 warden kissed you
From what I've seen, there's a lot of evidence the civilization that built the CITY liked the warden (the portal has it's face, the carved block has it's face, there are small structures with it's face...). I think the wardens were a type of golem and they protected the city. They probably were smaller, with a big mouth, ears and probably even eyes. They were weaker than the actual warden right now. Each time on of them died, the people built graves for them (the structures with a warden face and unlit candles). Because their creation was costly, the people wanted them to get stronger. This eventually lead to the construction of the portal where the sculk came from (or at least something simmilar to it, see the end of this comment). The sculk got into the city, and the people started experimenting on it. Eventually they made human sacrifices (the elevated place with the skull) to it and it spread. Because the people didn't want to hear screaming all day, they fortified themselves with the wool. The sculk spread over to the graves of the fallen wardens and it corrupted them. And once they got out, it was too late to do anything. The people were killed by them and thats why it's empty. Another thing worth mentioning is that the people knew of the nether (soul fire, soul sand, basalt, the portal being a vertical frame). This might mean they were at least a branch of the ancient builders. Because the sculk shriekers have souls in them and the only place where you can get souls is the nether, the sculk might have been artificionally created. The city is full of soul fire, so I think the builders had a lot of experience with it. The original wardens were powered by souls and that's why they were expensive to make (human sacrifices?). Once someone created the sculk, it was too late to stop it
I don't know if anyone discovered this yet. But waterlogging sculk-sensors silences it's detection sound. I think this information can be very useful. I discovered this mechanic in the light-posts in front of the warden statue. Walking around in their radius triggers a silent sculk-sensor on top of the redstone lamp, which as expected turns the lamp on. Upon inspecting it myself, i found that the sensor was water-logged. I hope this is relevant info and someone reads this.
If the warden doesn't get some sort of ranged attack, it's no scarier than a golem.
I like all of this, but if there isn’t a portal, then swift sneak can’t be the only unique loot to find in the ancient city. There needs to be enough loot or a purpose (portal) to go to the ancient city.
the warden seems to be more of a boss mob than any of the boss mobs currently in the game
If Mojang doesn't make a dimension for that portal, modders will.
Man, this update is all I wanted, it fulfills my fantasies.  My  DEEP ♂ DARK ♂ FANTASIES
bROOOO FINALLY IT CAME OUT
YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEES
is it possible to "see" the wardens view in spectator mode eventhough he is "blind"?
Now this, this is a update
Apotheosis will fix that incompatibility for boots and you will be able to put it all on one pair.
If you put a nametag on it will it still despawn when its bored?
What is the "portal" frame block called?
I like to think that they are portals and the people that lived in the ancient cities used them to travel elsewhere long ago and never returned :o
I think it would be very cool if the portals were for overworld teleportation. You light one, then are sent to another one in another deep dark city. Basically a faster way to travel than even the nether.
I feel like the thing with shooting more arrows he is triangulating your position
wouldnt it be really cool if the sculk block could lead any vibrations to the sculk sensor?
Never going mining again.
Maybe that portal like thing might be used for future update (I mean really really far far away like 1.30 or something)
I really like what they did! That being said, the loot is underwhelming at best. I’m not risking all my stuff for a one brand new, half useful enchantment. Not even some iron, gold or diamonds?  I’ll likely avoid them unless they get a loot update
Sneaking faster sounds really useful for building
All these blocks... H R Giger, is that you?
Is Swift sneak kompatibel with depthstrider
This update looks amazing so far..  Caving is gonna make me cry but everything looks great.
2 years of wait was finnaly worth it
whats the seed?
Would be neat if they could add a new container
People will be trying to reconstruct or repair the Deep Dark City once the update comes out XD
They finally gave bats a use!
The ancient city can be used as a base. IF you remove the skulk shriekers
I hope java on console's get updated again
Alright so getting my warden pet is going to be much easier than I thought.
It's fun to stay at the Y78 It's fun to stay at the Y78  They have everything for you men to enjoy You can hang out with all the boys
How does the Warden react to music discs?
If they don't let players mine that reinforced deepslate, hopefully they still let you move it with pistons so the very determined can utilize them for building. I'm also hoping that there's a way to use Shrieker blocks in builds without having to cover everything in wool. They'd make nice wall or tower point decorations but hearing that noise and spawning a Warden every time you want to get in your base isn't a good thing.
The changelog says mobs can't spawn in the cities
to be honest it looks awful, i hope they do more than just throw some patches of blocks randomly, even a child would be more creative than that.
this snapshot makes my brain explode with ideas of what can still be done with this game
That loot looks so bad why would we go into the cities
Just wait till they set it for 1.20
My assumption to what that "portal" is, is that sometime in the future when they decide to add a new dimension that will be the entrance
I think with the deep dark we need glowing torches in the players hand (without optifine)!
maybe damage splash potions will finally be handy to carry around with this guy
it would be so sick if the warden dropped some kind of special material to further upgrade your netherite sword.
Mumbo belike: im going to build a warden farm*
Oh my god
No use to farm wardens...but they may have use in farms!!
BATS HAVE A USE NOW
"Minecraft isn't a horror game"  -Creepers, endermen, the infinite void, literally hell, dark caverns with things that hear you and feed off of death spheres, and the scariest of all...  b e r r y  b u s h e s
theory: the people who lived there tought the warden was a god, thats why its wool paths, they where protecting themselfes
Minecraft: The last of Us edition
I really like the design of the deep dark city but mojang needs to give a better reason to go to them because the only interesting loot you can get is the new enchantment. I hope mojang adds better loot because as is there is really no reason go there (besides the enchantment of course)
What if the weird ancient portally-thing is a teleporter that you can link up to other ancient city portals? I know it’s a stretch but it would make exploring and concurring these places 100% worth it, and the fact that you can move them might make it possible to make teleporters around the world, albeit very very slowly.
250 hearts!?!? I expected something like 100 Not 250!!!
i hope they change the max height this generates to something like y10. What's the point of calling it "the deep dark" if it can appear that high up?
Instead of swift sneak, I think we should get something like silent step
The animation is soo cool
as the warden's summoning animation is him crawling out of the ground, I think it'd be an amazing feature where one of his attacks is him picking up the player and attempting to suffocate them in the ground
Mojang please I need the warden to not disappear for traps / pranks or a way to move it's spawn location
My first thought after seeing the warden play tested is that it needs twice the health. Five iron golems can kill it. I, as well as many other people will probably try to kill one with 5 iron golems at some point in survival. I like how tanky it is but it should definitely have more health
They literally added NoSlowdown hack to Minecraft with the Swift Sneak
The structure looks really cool, but this update is a little disappointing in my opinion. All these features look exactly like they teased early on, so I would have thought we would see newer things in this snapshot. Although unlikely, at this point I believe a new dimension would be a really nice addition.
This is the best
Only suggestion is that when the sculk biome generates it would be at least the starting level of deepslate and lower. Seeing them at higher altitudes kind of didn't make sense. But thanks for the video like we have always kinda of dreamed of getting the update, and we knew it would come out eventually but it never seemed real, but we are finally getting it! Thanks for the informational video.
Warden vs wither in the deep dark.
Mojang did an amaizing job with that update !
9:28 idk what's a worse death for the bats: getting chopped in half by a player after flying around us one too many times or getting pummeled by a sound sensitive warden. Speaking of which here's a good #MythbustQuestion Will the Warden target players or other mobs first as they're moving around? Specifically will the Warden kill the player first, mobs first, or either randomly?
I honestly think you should be able to acquire some notch apples in these cities. Getting inside them is probably very difficult even for endgame players. there should be a large shiny reward if you make it in other than the enchanted book. And probably some other good item that the warden would drop when it dies, since it is very difficult to kill it.
That is very cool, but it doesn't seem really worth while to into there for simply slightly faster sneak speed, considering the risks involved
I think the "portal" is suppose to be a shrine to the warde because you can see candles underneath as if there worshiping it and it is a warden because there are also soul soil that are lit and I think that's suppose to represent the wardens soul chest thing. There are also mini shrine at 16:51 where the chiseled deepslate looks like the wardens face and there are candles are them. But who knows what it is, only mojang knows
Did you also tried to activate it with a water bucket?
The warden chasing the bat reminds me of the pekka in clash of clans chasing butterflys
Now kill the ender dragon near a skulk catalyst
So we have got the third block that is blast resistant and piston pushable, the other two are ancient debris and netherite blocks
They should definitely give the warden the ability to break blocks and swim as cheesing it is extremely easy currently
9:13  its like a little kid, ready to KILL everything on sight :D
I disagree entirely with the portal not actually being a portal. While I highly doubt we will be getting a new dimension this update, I speculate that the portal will certainly come into use in the coming ones, one of the structures in the game is literally called "small_portal_statue" which is just a mini version of the big centerpiece. Keeping the centerpiece as soley cosmetic in future seems unlikely and a horrible missed oppurtunity
Hopefully we get some loot for Deep Dark areas, otherwise no point in going other than the sights. I know the two chests are there but it seems like a temp for how much work it's going to be.
I'm not a big fan of the warden basically just being an insta kill enemy for the most part. Instakills always just turn me off to games. I mean I get it, it's just not for me. I'm not really feeling 1.19 so far to be honest. No hate, just my honest opinion.
The fact that these blast resistant blocks are unobtainable, but still can be moved with pistons is a bit quirky, but it's totally new way of building using only pistons. You can build wither cage out of them, but you need to make a flying machines to deliver these blocks on the spot, and move every single one in proper position. Man, I hope this stays in final version.
this really reminds me of lovecraft, with the way it seems like this was an ancient civilization that worshiped the warden.
why is the warden immune to splash potion and lingering potion effects ?????????????????????????!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Imagine Decked out version with that
The warden and the bat reminded me of the pekka from clash of clans and the butterfly 💀
9:16 idk why, but this gives me pekka and butterfly vibes from coc
LET'S GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
I wonder how difficult it could be to make warden powered mob farms
Bats have a survival use now. :)
I love this update and the possibilities but they need to make the edges between the city and the surrounding deepslate blocks smoother
It makes sense to not have regular mobs spawning in these biomes/cities because they would constantly trigger the warden to spawn.
That center structure looks likes Wumpus from discord
That Warden chasing bat remind me of PEKKA from clash of clan chasing a butterfly. So Cute! :D
15:28 at the bottom right, is that a naturally spawning skeleton skull?
Other loot you can find:  -Normal books  High enchant books like: Sharpness 5
No one:  Xisuma: ancient CIDY
subscribe to goomba koopa bros pls we have good minecraft content
Yeah watlles swode us not you
I actually love the fact that they thought about the woolen floors in the structure
I really hate the warden. it's just going to ruin  the experience of caving for a lot of players.
Would it be nice if Minecraft add nets for bat and frogs? You could use them to transport them. Also, if nothing changes with the "portal block," wouldn't it be nice for a wither .
Warden- 250 hearts Bedrock wither- 300
story of an orphan abandoned on the street and almost everyone rejects.....  https://youtu.be/qjGVzp7urjg
I still think strongholds should be updated or replaced with the deep dark cities.
the blindness effect modifies the gamma values, so this is why you still have it with night vision, basically removes the nigh vision effect as it is just a high gamma value
Finally there is something to get rid of these annoying bats. I like it.
Man this will end so many hardcore world
When a new update comes and iron golem and warden remember their brothers then they would team up and become evil
Apparently one of the structure files for the reinforced deepslate has “portal” in the name so idk
I think they should make Swift Sneak compatible with the other boot enchantments...
subscribe to goomba koopa bros pls we have good minecraft content
Overworld>nether>End>???
The corridors really remind me of the ones in Minecraft Dungeons and I love it!
This is absolutely amazing, Mojang really outdid themselves with the design of the cities and the Warden, they look fascinating and are very unique.
I think the deepdark should spawn deeper .
heres a seed where the city is under spawn -1996462914033271458
I can't wait for the mod that turns the Warden into Mr. X.
I didn't even see the warden in the game yet  I ran away from my computer every time he started appearing  And I was literally one of those people who said it's not scary at all, it is atleast when you are in quiet place at night
On your last vid (the one about your Hermitcraft skins) the date 19/02/22 is that the date of hermitcraft s9
I would be nice for some netherite in it
What if lorewise that thing used to be a portal, and then thats where the sculk stuff came out. Kind of like the ruined portals in the overworld that has the nether stuff
16:19 Wow best enchanted book ever!
Looks promising. Just hope the deep dark will have good loot worth going there
Considering that "portal-like" structure, this is absolute nonsense,  But can you imagine if this was their way if introducing the Aether into the game?  I kinda love the idea that in order to get to the sky dimension, you have to conquer the deep dark....  Just rambling, but it would be amazing
I really don't think that the "DEEP dark" should spawn that high up.. it kinda contradicts its name
What is this structure is a replacement for the stronghold and that's the new end portal
In the deep dark biome mobs can't spawn Only warden
If you can kill the Warden with the /kill command, then ppl that play with cheats enabled, after getting tired of the Warden, can just /kill it every time. .-.
I think ancient city is actually a massive tomb. There is a lot of bones, even elements of sculk or warden are made out of bones and there are souls. Every detail of this connects to being a tomb.
When this update officially gonna be out I’m gonna destroy and kill every wardens like a boss I aren’t scared of them
Aight mojangs staff is watching to much markiplier horror game videos
These things are going to let us create warden farms lol
I do have a neat theory that the blocks in the warden statue’s mouth are some kind of portal they arent obtainable in survival and most importantly cannot be broken. So what do y’all think?
It is among us
imagine in the future mojang introduces an item that we can go back and activate this "portal," giving them the time to create a dimension for later
I wonder if elytra sounds flying by activates it, that could make for some cool elytra tricks.
the city looks so shit why would they just make it grey this is the ugliest structure added to minecraft since the brick pyramids
Cant wait to see the structures and reconstruct them back to life like i did with the bastions
I think the chest need to have better loot tho, it's kinda less rewarding like someone would just skip it no reason to go inside it if youre already stacked up
I wonder if that new block in a big square would be able to open a portel of some sort…
I feel like Otherside should be in the loot table of the Ancient City.
Does any one know what the new block is called
I just hope that shreekers (and the spawning of the warden) won't become too common. I hope it will be something that is uniquely for in the deep dark cities, because otherwise it takes a little bit of the rareness and the "magic" away.
The warden right now reminds of Subnautica enemies" Basically unkillable, no reason to kill them either.
Ngl warden seems like a mob that's fun at first before joining the slew of very annoying mobs you're too used to and just want rid of like skeletons, phantoms, vex, and blazes. Especially when trying to farm deep dark stuff, or worse if they tie it into progression somehow.
Bro I was thinking full netherite armour with protection IIII and  a enchant golden apple and fighting it with sword
I'm positive the structure in the center is a portal, the shape and the unique indestructible block are too reminiscent of the nether portal and end portal frames. Also, like the endermen, the sculk is kinda alien compared to the overworld, would make sense it also comes from another dimension. Probably not anytime soon, but Mojang has to be hinting at a new dimension there.
it kinda sucks that swift sneak isn't compatible with depth strider because it's a common boots enchant, but I understand it's for game balance
I don't know where the portal will/would leave but it would be cool if you had to activate it by going to maybe 3-4 guaranteed structures within the city probably quite spread out withing the city, and either activating them or getting items with nbt data that means that only those items can open the portal in that city.
I call dibs on remixing the beginning part of the video.
Subtitles: warden whines
What if all the blocks near the skulk shrieker are one block tall? When it comes out of the ground, will its bottom part show under the block? And same for when it goes down again
Deep Dark Fantasies
They should give the Warden infinite health for all the snapshots
Is the warden affected by a potion of slowness? If so, can you potentially outrun it?
Wardens are extremely cool, but I feel like it's going to be annoying mining if they are too common. Meeting one should be a really unique and rare occurrence
Some facts about the warden in it's current state are.  1. Can be attacked from a 4 block tall pillar 2. Smite 5 kills the warden in 25 hits (less if you critical hit) 3. A 1 block deep pool of water can stop the warden and leave it vulnerable to attacks. 4. you can outrun the warden but you better have a safe place to hide 5. if the warden is super mad it will track you no matter what. (even through walls) 6. it takes 8 - 12 iron golems to kill it. 7. if the player has full Protection 4 Netherite armor it will take 3 to 4 hits to kill the player and a bonus one if the player has a shield. 8. will not attack other mobs instantly but instead will slowly get agro until it attacks a mob. 9. bats and projectiles distract it. 10. they will spawn first try with a sculk shrieker except if on the surface far away from an ancient city.  I now want to test the wither and enderdragon vs the warden (maybe other hostile mobs like pigling brutes, hoglins, pillagers, johnny vindicator, etc)  edit: after trying I have learned the warden can not kill the wither and the enderdragon has nothing to do with the warden, also I learned a warden will not spawn unless there is at least 5 sculk blocks within 12 blocks of a sculk shrieker.
What deep dark is here yes I so glad it is!
7:51 Hackers: i could do that before it was added
14:58 why would there be :/
There is already a block that is blast resistant and can be moved by pistons. Namly ancient debree and netherite blocks. But this new block will certanlty make it cool to make a base in the cities
I acctully noticed lagspikes in the video,and i can realate to them
14:12 - "Normal mining speed" - uses fully enchanted Pickaxe :D
So I'm assuming if you removed all shriekers in the area of the ancient city you won't get no warden spawns? As I think the ancient city would be a very cool place to make a base
The darkness effect in dst would be horrifying
lol make it as a feature lol so funny the warden is chasing the bat
Hope they add more useful loot to these places, rn unless you like Redstone /farms, it really feels like you could just avoid these entirely
that's probably a portal, but I don't think it is to another dimension
The portal blocks are too hard to mine if u wanted to mine an aria for a bild
“Javor addition”
LETS GO
Warden farm!
This update would be a perfect opportunity to do something some modders have done and add random clutter objects to the ground, like sticks, rocks and so on. That way if you're in a cave and trying to avoid a Warden you could pick up a rock and, provided they add the ability to do so, throw it to distract the Warden.  This way its a cool excuse to add random clutter to spawn on the ground like some mods enable, the rocks would have a practical use beyond decoration, _and_ its a good alternative to using arrows so you don't have to waste any on tricking the Warden.  Edit: And it would make more sense to find rocks that far down in the chests instead of snowballs.
swift sneak being mutually exclusive to soul speed AND depth strider makes no sense to me.
where
That’s all the stuff they announced at minecraft live, so there more juicy stuff to come
I hope they change it so the deep dark biome only spawns on deepslate level
With the darkness effect, how did we get here just got so much harder
Hey X, can you nametag a warden to get it to stay? I kidna want one as a pet :p
I'm convinced the Overworld is getting a boss that emerges from that gate. I'd bet on some kind of Sculk-based Cthulu themed monster if that ends up being true. Mojang made a point of not explaining why they chose the name Warden for the new mob, so I bet they were designed to guard the Sculk Gates(them maybe being a sort of ethereal prison), slowly being corrupted over a long time.
It seems there are many shrines for the warden around the ancient city... And with wool blocks on the floor, it seems whoever was worshiping wanted to respect the warden
The unique ability of the bone structure block is the same as ancient debris.
That warden is PEKKA
I do believe this is gonna be an awesome update! But they reaallyy need to upgrade the loot for the amount of risk in those cities, especially if these structures are gonna be very uncommon
not going to lie....loot tables need work very meh other then the swift every thing else is all arond you
I have a theory that the new portals lead to the End, and the ancient cities will replace Strongholds
Too many boot enchantments. I would love to see this one on the leggings
the ancient city (and now that I think about it the End cities as well) kind of feel like something out of a souls game... which gives me an idea to try to add soulsborne combat to minecraft. I think it could actually work, but it would also be a lot of work to get it to work.
i think the 'portal' block is interesting... but if you actually wanted to use it... the prospect of having to move it several hundred... to thousand blocks with pistons?? .. i don't think that would ever be worth it. if the player is intended to use said block... maybe you have to get a warden to destroy it or something? i'm fine with it being difficult /cumbersome to  obtain... but 'only move with pistons' feels kind of extreme
How do I access the experimental snapshot?
Skeletonheads can be found scatered around aswell
Hearing Xisuma laughing is just a gift...
Finally warden
I feel there has to be another reason why to venture to these (deadly) cities.... the loot is meh. Faster sneaking is only useful to go to another one of these cities....
If you create a Single Biome World with Deep Dark there will be a bunch of sculk at the surface
The cities are awesome, but tbh i think the skulk / warden will just be a nightmare to deal with early on. Ideally you want to go down there to get your ores, and in the caves theres still regular mobs spawning, so skeletons will shoot you, activate the sensor, warden spawns, hears you, kills you. Yeah its not gonna be a good time
Did you notice any Skeleton skulls like the teaser at mc live showed?
it does make sense that it would be a portal because why would mojang take 2 years just to create a mob
The ambience is incredible. Looks like there is zero real reason to ever actually go there though. Like bastions, but worse because no netherite.
Can't wait to see this... When full 1.19 is out
That enchantment will be nice for buiilding things.. like when you make a goldfarm and constantly have to sneak on magmablocks so you can add blocks at the cliff and don’t get damaged
I love how it’s called the *deep* dark but it can spawn y78
If that doesn't turn out to be a portal mojang are really missing out
I wish the Warden's damage wasn't so high and there could be multiple Wardens at the same time, it would be scary being chased by multiple Wardens while blinded. I'd imagine running from a Warden or fighting it would produce noise, thus summoning more Wardens.
It would be magical if the Warden would hold the bat as a friend
Just wondering... does anyone else feel like it'd be fitting to relocate the End portal to ancient cities, to make it more challenging to reach, and incentives tackling ancient cities...? That, and you could get more of a story/city feeling from merging strongholds in, by having some structure which feels like it could serve a living purpose, where the current design feels more like a place of worship...
The warden is gonna be the end of many hardcore series I fear.
I really dislike that swift sneak is an enchantment for boots because we have so many enchantments for them but almost none for pants which imo would be much better choice. Having 3 different pairs of boots all for different purposes is already inconvenient but I think it’s cool, however at this point it’s just getting pretty annoying with so many different incompatible enchantments all for one piece when the chestplate and pants have pretty much none.
and sub pls
9:11 oh my god the bats finally have a use. Actually... Bats would actually be a nice fit for the swamp biomes. Wait a second bats could actually be updated in this update!
That strange frame block is sort of a survival-type of bedrock. Bedrock is impossible to move and you need a trick to break it. This stuff is moveable, can break (although you won't get the block) but takes FOREVER to mine. Longer than obsidian.  It definitely looks a heck of a lot cooler than an obsidian frame.
I hope spawn eggs will be loot in the deep dark
now you can get soul sand in overworld
the warden has just as hard of a time killing bats as any players do
Hope they upgrade those lame ass chests
16:50 Didnt mojang show us that part of the structure during minecraft live?
Oh cool, can't wait to get a bunch of immersed Claudettes sneaking around smh my head
What do you think the red stone lamps in front of the portal are for
Finally! We get an actually new boss mob(excluding elder guardian) in the game since the addition of the Wither
did they ask the mod authors that this name is okay ?
it's weird how mobs look slopy and unpolished when compared with warden and he's not even done yet
If there is only Swift Sneak then it's not really worth to explore the area IMO
It would be cool, if Mojang made those frames portals not to other realm but maybe between several ancient cities? Like it’s a technology of ancient creatures that lived there and used those to travel between cities…
With our current knowledge i would reccomend not bringing your best armour because you will get 1 shot anyways and you dont want to lose your stuff. Especially in the soul fire that appears in the city
If you use MultiMC there is no need to manually download, would highly recommend this launcher over the official launcher, it allows you to easily manage multiple instances, vanilla or modded
I’ve been waiting FOREVER for this. Glad to finally see it.  I’m hoping the chests have some more loot put into them, as they’re quite underwhelming compared to the risk of having to fight wardens.  Unless, of course, the reward isn’t the treasure but the portal…
Me: Ok, this warden guy is pretty cool Warden: *kills bat* Me: I'll take your entire stock
I think there should be only 1 warden per biome,or atleast there should be only 1 in a big radius like 100 blocks, that creates a few fun tactics, like if your playing multiplayer one of your friends could distract it while the rest get the loot.
They should add cobwebs. Would be cool to see a few other structure specific mob spawns so it feels less empty.
will 1.18 worlds generate these new structures?
that bat got swatted, poor thing prolly was running for its life
Love how Xisuma laughed, usually he's so serious tone of voice.
I feel like the ancient cities should replace strongholds. The sculk blocks look like some sort of corruption bleeding from the end. This would make getting to the end more difficult and more interesting. All they need to do is add the end portals to the ancient cities. With this approach they could also add the sculk biome to the end as well adding more variety to the end. Having the occasional over run end city could be cool.  The ancients had built the end portal looking for new riches, unaware they were infecting the world with sculk. Endermen could be scared of the skulk and avoid them which is the reason they often teleport from the end to the nether and overworld.
Bit of an additional note,  it seems like the shriekers enter some sort of cooldown state when activated. I don't know the length, but I do know that the first warden will spawn after two triggered shriekers, and every other trigger will spawn an additional warden until the cooldown is over.
I think if the illusioner spawns here will really suit the city
not sure if its a bug but I noticed a neat trick with swift sneak 3 that if you start sprinting then sneak while holding forward you can sneak around at full sprinting speed
Can't wait to put warden's on my dark castle
i would be so cool to get another dimension, maybe it leads to a deep dark type dimension, which is how the deep dark made it's way to the overworld?? thats just me being hopeful though
mojang has actually stated on the snapshot page on their website that mobs cant spawn in deepdark city's
Primary Warden use : imma throwsome shriekers in my mob farm to kill mobs on ~sight~ sound
The warden going after the bat reminds me of pekka going after butterfly in clash of clans
I don't know what other people think but here are some of my ideas around improving the update:  - Make smaller monsters that are similar in nature to the warden but have an incentive to kill (don't replicate any darkness or smelling mechanics), they could be controlled by skulk sensors but perhaps arise from a grave and go after you, maybe they can phase through certain blocks too... - Maybe some plants that are more corrupted, a red/black hue that could add some really interesting plants that only generate in the deep dark. - More interesting loot or objectives inside the structure. The problem with lots of structures in Minecraft is they're unique and cool but this one just seems pointless and boring to go after for a survival player right now, there isn't anything special in there. Maybe they will add more as this is only experimental but only time will tell. Love the design though.
I think it's less likely to be an interdimensional portal, and more likely to be a sort of Stargate- perhaps if you find multiple of the portal frames, you can teleport between them, in the overworld.
Xisuma laughing at the bat being chased just made my night, that was extremely wholesome!
Hmmm... I feel like these cities need more content in them. New loot or something.  How much EXP do the wardens drop btw? They seem like they would be easy to farm in addition to the skulk blocks.
The atmostphere of that biom reminds me of the area in the OG subnautica where the leviathans rumage...
13:43 No block will break from that placement of end crystal (the obsidian shields the flooring) so it was rather poor presentation.
The warden has come to good minecraft
I now understand why they didn’t add the candles straight away, they wanted to wait until the deep dark and ancient cities where added.
Level 3 of swift sneak is broken, these need to be more subtle.
Have to say I LOVE the animation for the Warden’s appearance as it spawns
I mean the deep dark and the cities are cool but I feel like mojang should add more to it.  I'm saying this because there is the idea that The Warden will not drop anything special (which I find even more stupid since it has more hp than both of the current bosses of minecraft, the ender dragon and the wither) so you don't really have a reason to explore the city more than once, especially since you can find the skulk blocks much safer in the deep dark biome. Sure there is the new enchantment but I can't see myself using it especially since I need to get rid of my depth strider or my soul speed, both of which I find much more useful. Even better loot would be more acceptable cause right now? Risking fighting a 500 hp enemy that drops nothing for a dozen bones and some candles? Maybe some enchanting books? Yeah no thanks.
defiantly fell like there should be some better loot in the cities because they're such a cool structure to just find some snowballs and nametags...
According to cabfan video lava is the best and easiest way to kill Worden
This update, I almost want to *not* follow anything about it and go in completely blind. I guess it's already too late but from now on.
9:03 Get wrecked 😂
You could use a "enchnated book" to potray any enchantment too
it would be awesome if the warden dropped a beating heart that could be a trophy like the dragon egg but with tentacles or skulk bits poking out!
All these portal like gateways might be like gateway to random ancient cities till atlast you somehow randomly end up in the main gateway which actually leads you to another dimension...
Thanks to the Warden, Bat's finally have a use 🤩
i have a very weird suspicious feeling that the portal is activated via mechanisms... the portal like frame has pillars in-front of it with red stone lamps in them.... i predict that you have to activate these lamps in order for the portal to be activated... how ever i think that they will keep the new realm or dimension for another update.  It has a lot of possibilities in my opinion, i hope i'm correct , that would be awesome.  the pillars can be seen at 13:05 - 13:10
As soon as the warden first enters minecraft, it instantly notices something is wrong. Running at intense speed arms flailing it proceeds to remove the problem as fast as possible: bats. It knows. Bats must go, warden is the new bat.
I like the city but I feel like it blends in too well with the surrounding terrain, it needs another colour to distinguish it.
PETITION TO MOJANG. WE NEED AN ABILITY TO CHANGE THE COLOR OF DARKNESS. IMAGINE ALL THE POSSIBILITIES
Loot table isn't as rewarding as I thought, but it's still amazing!
blast res and can't be picked up, thats totally a new dimension
I thought 1.17 was going to be my favorite, but even if it was all together 1.19 seems way more polished and specialized, so this seems so much better
Oh boy more places to avoid.
But is the new block immune to blue Wither skulls?
The "portal" represents the Warden's head, like in the bastion with piglins
Mojang: I think i forgot something Also Mojang: If you forgot it probably wasnt important Bundles:
Only in Minecraft will I have my brain explode by the addition of something so small as a movable block that is blast resistant, I can just imagine all the possibilities with farms from that.
i've often considered minecraft a horror game but the warden takes it to a whole new level
I hope the bats setting off the warden remains a thing, where a random bat can organically save you when the warden is about to find you. Also makes sense with bats using echolocation and the warden being sensitive to vibrations.   Also it finally gives a use to bats :}
Many peoples:oh, Minecraft is a horror game now... S.Korea peoples:That's why Minecraft become 🔞19 game...
9:06 B u t t e r f l y 🤖
what if the warden is guarding the portal and not the city. the high walls are designed to keep him out and the wool floors are so they dont wake him, all so they can exploit the portal and whatevers on the other side.
Looking forward to Hermitcraft Season 10 when it is the run for the best "fixer upper" job regarding those ancient cities. Would love to see your take on how it was supposed to look in its bloom.
So.. Frame blocks are basically just survival bedrock.
I wish there was more deep dark mobs because there is only one ( the warden obviously )
Nice
I think it seems a bit artificial to make swift sneak mutually exclusive with those the other enchantments. I understand that they don't want OP armour pieces, but i see no logical in-game reason for why the ability to sneak fast should be mutually exclusive depth strider, soul speed or frost walker. I think a more logical solution to avoiding OP boots would be to only being able to apply swift sneak to leather boots. This would also make armour pieces other than netherite more appealing making it so that all end game players don't look almost the same.
Long live Warden
YOOO WHAT
Something you missed I thought was really cool is that the city actually teaches the player about the sculk sensors redstone interaction. In front of the portal there are lamposts that are powered using waterlogged sensors, so when a player walks by they can see them light up automagically :)
Your consistency and quality of videos never disappoint! Keep up the good work:))
We need some type of cure potion or arrow to minimize sculp block
9:03 All I could think of is Etho :)
This is actually insane!! And terrifying 😆
Just wait for the horror maps made with this update.
I loved everything i saw in that video exept for the awful loot, the only reason why anyone would go there is for swift sneak and for the cool experience, because of the wardens strength they should give more valuable loot even if the new enchant is realy  cool
They should add the enchanted golden apple to the loot chests it deserves it honestly
For something called the DEEP dark, it generates pretty high up.
For now it is not worth going down for the loot lol
Wait. Does that large resistant deep slate thing look like the original warden to you?
I think the sulk doesn't obsorbs XP... I think it obsrobs SOULS!!!
Weird thing, I was actually playing my guitar when I found out you actually also play guitar. Lol😂😂😂
This is honestly really disappointing so far. I hope there is something more interesting going on
9:18 the warden chasing bat is like PEKKA chasing butterfly in clash of clans
I think it might be a portal that we need something in a later update to ignite
guess what I'm building my next house with XD  creepers cry
The warden has 2.5 times the HP the ender dragon has... Mojang please
Saw a comment saying that there is a structure in the game called "small_portal_structure", which is a smaller version of the frame in the centre of the city. This confirms that is indeed a portal.  If Mojang were to ever add the Aether, I feel that this would be a great way to it. But it's unlikely that they'd ever add the Aether, and it doesn't fit with the theme of the Deep Dark. If they are to add a new dimension, it might be just as scary or scarier than the Deep Dark.  TLDR: There are 3 possibilities for the frame portal. Either it leads to the Aether, some dark, scary dimension, or it won't go anywhere.
The new enchant is more useful then you think! Combine it with a speed 2 potion and you can bridge at the speed of light for little effort. Also the warden is like PEKKA chasing a butterfly with the bat LOL!
I would preffer this new enchantment to be on the pants cuz when u sneak irl u mostly use ur legs and not feet this would make this the only enchant that is exclusive for pants
I'm disappointed with the loot table. I was hoping that they would add more personalised and better loot for all of our time, enchantments are cool but I kind of feel that there is no need to go there.
It's just so cool that amidst the super small and boring bug fix updates we just instantly got such a huge snaphot
I think they should replace the snowballs with a new item, snowballs don’t really make sense
Taking à bath with the sculk.
Imagine if you need to go to the ancient city to find end portal
The loot table could be better
this can be used to make a very good security system
5:30  "there it is, our eyeless friend the warden" FRIEND ?????
14:20 Turning this into a portal is the task of the DataPack creators.
Is this update available now for mobile?
Mojang should contact the creator of the extra utilities 2 deep dark dimension as it could be the origin lore behind the warden and sculk blocks and where they come from like the endermen from the end, but instead of the dimension made of cobblestone it is made up of deepslate, deepslate version of ores and the occasional sculk patches.
Now we have to see what mumbo Jumbo does by moving those blocks with piston
Home perimeter defence with shreakers and wardens vs bandits :D
You can fill Ancient City with skeletons that would be interesting cuz people have lived there for ages and I think that would make sense if they added that
wow Mojang are really tip toeing around the deep dark snapshots   I think this release was VERY reluctant....  they really don't want to be giving all the secrets, yet they have little choice... testing must go on :P
Mojang: >Adds Darkness debuff >Adds config option to make yourself invurnelable to Darkness "debuff" can somebody please give Mojang "you played yourself" badge?
Anyone know if the bedrock beta dropped this as well
This update is cool and all but i dont think it feels minecrafty, you know.
a regular wooden chest isn't cool in the deep dark, a skulk chest would be better has the same texture, snd it opens like a mouth to get your loot, with different opening/closing sound opening it will much creepier combined with it notifying the shreaker
Aww, the warden may be a somewhat horror style addition to the game but seeing it go after the bat was quite cute if I’m being honest
They really lost their chance to name this snapshot a "spooky scary snapshot"
What will be the next update? 1.20 or 1.2 that came out a decade ago?
The ancient cities look absolutely horrible... so messy.
the ancient citys do look REALLY cool but i think that they're missing.... something. i dont see many chests and i think the loot table in them is kinda bad, i also think some new mobs could make it feel like a really cool overworld nether fortress.
I hope they make loot that makes it actually worth going doing it. Something like Efficiency 6 books. Or any level of book that’s is 1 level up from what you can get from normal enchantment would be insanely cool.
Xisuma laugh at the Warden Bat interaction sounds more human than the other sound 9:15
I find it funny how you pronounce Ancient City  Ancient siddy
i wonder who long it will be before somebody make a mod that has the warden pop down a catalyst upon death
This is all very exciting! The portal and the pools of water interest me a lot. They remind me of the Aether. All the analyses of the Minecon trailer I saw mentioned the possibility of a fourth dimension. My theory is that it won't be this update, maybe not even next update. Perhaps 1.20 will be an end update (the devs said they wanted to upgrade all current dimensions before making a new one), then 1.21 (or 1.20 if I'm wrong) will be the new dimension. It definitely feels like they're preparing us, though. Perhaps feeling out what the community would think of something like that.  So excited for all to come!
16:42  Feels familiar
I hope they add a way for the Warden to overcome cheese
Here's an off theory, what if it's not a portal to another dimension but a teleporter.
It would be really nice to have Swift Sneak as a legging enchantment instead of a boot effect.  - Gives leggings more use - Sorta makes sense (Sneaking = Knees bent (Irl) = Enchantment giving you stronger legs?) - Removes the boots from having ANOTHER enchantment
Imagine the skulk spread from killing the dragon on the first time
I feel like the cities should only spawn under Y=0 It would make more sense that way, as they are called the "Deep Dark". Should only really spawn super deep down
so even if you managed to lure this thing to build limit and have it fall through a trapdoor to bottom of the world it would just be ticked off (obviously ignoring despawn distances)
It seems Mojang wants to show off that not only modders can create impressive looking world gen structures. Very interesting how the ancient cities are not nearly as intricate as for example what "When Dungeons Arise" brings due to being modular instead of one fixed structure. But they still look equally impressive because the people who made the templates had a great sense for design and it fits so well with the whole underground aesthetic.  Also: If Mojang won't do anything with the portal, there will be a bunch of mods battling about whom get's to use the frame for their custom dimension.
They need to add custom music for warden cuz when it spawned I almost pissed myself and the music was like: 😊💃💃🎵🎶
At least the deep dark spawns farther out than the end
Mojang should make an animation update
The Ancient Cities are just failed strongholds. The End Portal is witherproof; made from witherproof blocks and used to escape into a new dimension, to escape from the wither, or perhaps the Nameless Kingdom, with its mastery of necromancy and wither skeletons made from dead piglins and humans in the nether. It makes sense they would then use these withers as weapons, especially if they could control them with necromancy. So The Warden and The Ancient Cities are an attempt to escape and defend from The Wither, a very loud mob who is weaker than the Wardens and cannot break the makeshift portal they're trying to construct. Surely a portal made of those blocks would bring you to a dimension it cannot destroy, full of blocks it can't destroy,  and therefore resources for forts, or maybe even weapons, for their war against the wither/Nameless Kingdom.  Unfortunately, they couldn't light the portal, and abandoned these Ancient Cities.
I personally really think that swift sneak should NOT be a boot enchantment. It being incompatible with depth strider AND soul speed means I'd never use it myself. There's already so many enchantments for boots it's ridiculous. I think it would make more sense for it to be a leggings enchantment, your legs are the parts that would be moving faster anyway
Yay  second major update with Experimental Snapshot!
If they don’t turn the center of the ancient city into a portal they missed a really good opportunity for some world building, I could easily see them being built by some ancient civilization that was tampering with portals and accessed the deep dark, which would be the reason there’s skulk in the overworld  And I feel like there should be a mini warden of sorts that roam around the structure, kind of like guardians for ocean monuments, with the occasional warden sprinkled around
13:12 I feel like it’s a jumbo screen or something from Minecraft story mode
Link pls
Finally a reason to not kill bats XD
I’m going to be disappointed if sneak swift is the exclusive loot since that’s pretty underwhelming
They should put rare and legendary weapons, c'mon!
Are there any achievements?
the vibe the cities give me is there was an ancient city that tried to build a portal, but not to go anywhere, to summon something, but that something destroyed the people of the city and escaped
Iirc the speculations about portal was because one of the supporting structures for this frame were called that way. Therefore it sounds like it may be some way of portal. And my gosh, this game needs new dimension without a doubt. After they fix their performance/optimisation issues, of course.
OMGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG
Wow would be so cool if there was a new dimension added accessible only from an ancient city portal.
it would be cool if the portals eventually get repurposed into a experience similar to the vaults in vault hunters. where each ancient city can teleport you to a different generated area with incredible loot but also incredible risk.
I wish this was a regular snapshot, I used the seed of my word I have and I found an extraordinary city
My theory of the lore behind the Sculks and ancient cities; they were in conflict/at war. Much of the structure, the corridors for walking, are meant to muffle sounds so as not to set off the sensors, and many of the chests have snowballs for distracting the warden. So either they were at war, or maybe they were worshipping/using the sculks and warden for something.
9:06  Me when theres a mosquito around
10:05  FLINTLOCKWOOD
It would be cool if that structure was a portal to a new dimension! Maybe to the dimension where the Warden is from. Maybe Mojang is planning to add that far into the future. I remember hearing one of the developers saying that they do want to add a new dimension eventually, after they improve the current dimensions. And even if Mojang wasn't planning that to be a portal, if the community suggests the idea enough, maybe they will make it happen!
Don't like the fact that it can spawn multiple Wardens in same close by area. It should feel unique by only having one.
Could you make a video about what blocks can be converted and with which material I can build my farm?
Minecraft just became a horror game with this update.
gotta say the loot is extremely disappointing at this stage
i'm starting to think of that central structure thingy as a "ziggurat", just for something to call it
They should make the achievement “are you insane”  for if you kill the warden
Ok so bats are useful to counter a warden..  Got it
can't wait for decked out 2.0 with the warden
he says it won't be a portal to a new dimension but imagine if it brought you to the end.
im so exciting to see these structures in survival  i think the 1.19 update will be the best update ever
How cool would it be if you could make socks with wool. The socks would be the same like placing wool. Bit OP though.... ;)
What if the centre piece is a portal but not to a new dimension, instead its like the botania portal that lets you transmute stuff?
bats finally got a use to distract the warden
This looks cool but I'm worried about how rare they are. If it was a thing you can come across more easily but it's a bigger challenge to explore (maybe because of traps, or undead citizens) it would be better. I don't see myself running around in caves for hours just to find one of these.
Woah this looks absolutely terrifying and gorgeous at the same time. I can't wait
2 years and they still cant implament this block... what a joke not to mention they splint one update into 3
Warden is so cool🤩
"Oh my God that's amazing! Get wrekt"
i don't think the deep dark is distinct enough compared to the dripstone caves or lush caves. maybe if the city was more integrated it would be better, like random ruins and mosaics doting the cave walls.
Maybe they're failed portals. They were meant to portal somewhere by those who constructed them but it didn't work
I really hope they let us craft the "portal" blocks, or at least silk touch them. If I cant build with them theyre literally worthless, as obsidian can fulfill the needs for any currently existing blast chamber. They look so good too, what a shame.  I also hope the devs are messing with people with that garbage loot table. An enchant that is only useful for navigating the deep dark that you first have to get through to...explore more deep dark? So far the only reason to go down there is to collect sculk blocks (which are certainly worth it). Seriously, is that the best enchant they could come up with? You cant even use it with depth strider! Have fun bringing two pairs of boots if you encounter one of the billions of aquifers underground and want to move through the water with ease, while looking for another deep dark biome to sneak through for no reason whatsoever (only to die and lose the boots putting you back at square one).
I actually cant belive that java edition left upper cutted bedrock edition by adding the warden in java, dont worry iam sure the warden will be added to bedrock, for now lets just wait
the warden going after the bat looks cool lol just like a kid following a butterfly but less annoying
they really should create something unique that drops if you kill the warden similar to the wither
This looks phenomenal so far, the Warden and Skulk are gonna be so cool when they get added!!  The only things I would change would be:  1: the loot tables and 2: the warden should be uncheesable!! This is one of Minecraft's scariest mobs and I want it to be constantly threatening!!
With that reinforced deep slate, while it would be more of a hassle than just grabbing a shulker box you could possibly make flying machines to move the deep slate to the surface and have another machine moving the block to your base!
Skeleton + skulk stuff = wither skeleton?
I think ancient cities should be exclusive for large mountains
not a fan of swift sneak not being compatible with soul speed, depth strider and frost walker
That warden spawning animation is cool
HOLY SHIT the warden spawning animation is SO COOL ive always wanted zombies to also spawn that way to get the apocalypse vibes but that is Cool too i love it
Looking at the properties of these frame blocks , have to have some other function
I like the look of the cities but they feel empty. Also as the warden drops nothing, and the only good loot in the cities is something to allow you to avoid the warden, which you can do just by not bothering with the cities. Why would anyone go there once the initial hype has died down?  I must confess I'm confused by the weeks of delay from 1.18 as things seem unchanged from then, and mostly unchanged from Dec 2020 when the warden was first showcased. I'm not here to talk smack about Mojang/Microsoft, but other than putting existing blocks into a structure (Which doesn't seem to reliably generate anyway) What new features are there in the 1.19 experimental snapshot that we hadn't already seen showcased?
Maybe bats finally have a use? Distracting the Warden!
the ancient cities remind me of diablo 3 and all of the ancient ruins type architecture everywhere
I loved that awww, get wrecked
The warden might be a boss class mob with its health
Sus
I feel like it does a disservice to the idea of silk touch to make a block unobtainable with it. Unless the way to harvest these are like with the dragon egg and need a torch underneath?
we need a new storage that can only be found in the ancient city, and may contain can rare loot.... I'm okay if theres 1~3 those storage around... maybe an ancient vase which only have a few slots, a stone crate which is the same as a chest but requires a silk touch to obtain... and some rare chest/altar thingy than can display some/certain items..... really wish they add some new storage tho that are entirely related to the ancient city
This is so cool 😁 I love the animation of the warden appearing and disappearing It feels like the portal area should hold the best loot because otherwise why would you want to find it?
Really cool, but I think the loot needs to be better considering how dangerous the Warden is, not to mention scary!
ok, the cities are bland and boring. it's just a huge glorified mineshaft with no mobs and less loot. i hope they add more additions to it because it's basically just a gigantic structure and the only reason to explore it is to get the new enchantment. i know it's still experimental and it's not final but these are my takeaways from what i saw.
9:05 it was at this moment that The Warden has turned from a horrifying monster into a Batman villain
the lore implications of the city structure itself is pretty interesting! the floor is padded with carpets and there's chests with snowballs for distracting the warden. i've always though the city was built with wardens being, well, the wardens of the city before whatever happened that made it fall into ruin, but it looks more like the inhabitants are actively making an effort to avoid them
If they didn't incorporate the Aether then there's no way they'll make another dimension. God their design team is fucking stupid.
Honestly the swift sneak could be a game changer for shields on bedrock. Considering sneaking and moving so incredibly slow is what ruins shields on bedrock.
Who else feels like the warden has the most alive and smooth animations ever put in Minecraft. Love it
I think It'd be too much for Mojang to add another dimension that you access through this portal. What's more likely is you "activate" the portal and then mobs from the warden's dimension pour in, bringing all sorts of loot and spreading skulk when dying. And there's lore implications here too - the builders who found or built this portal have used it to get resources from it by killing all of the mobs, spreading skulk and prompted the big daddy warden to come and kill them all, leaving behind only remnants of what they've built and a ton of skulk. This still kinda makes sense gameplay-wise since we don't have much loot in the chest compared to the threat that is the warden, so we have to get it in a different way - i.e. portal-farming.
All this nonsense and yet still no vertical slabs.
Maybe not a portal to another dimension but a portal to a dungeon.. a real one
I think That big bulid in the centre looking like axolotl with open mouth that was delated from minrcraft files
Can’t wait for Dream’s next manhunt..
can't wait to see minecraft hardcore content creators deal with this beast 👀
The ancient city just shows how much we need a stronghold update, like, yesterday!
I mean that's really cool and all, but i really hoped the warden would be a new Boss Mob, like the Dragon and the Wither  The ancient city looks really cool, but I didn't think it would be a below zero nether fortress/stronghold/bastion  Idk what I thought tbh, a new dimension would be unnecessary probably but idk maybe things will change.
"Awww that's so silly! Aww get rekt"
Ok, I gotta see how theb catalyst works on the end Dragon and wither
Note: killing the warden isn’t required to get monsters hunted achievement
Is water a deterrent to the warden?
I think that reinforced deepslate frame structure looks like an axolotl
I really hope they so something with the item drops from the warden, otherwise something really cool would be really useless..
Warden and bats behaviour reminds me of the Pekka's with that butterfly on Clash of Clans lol.
Minecraft is a horror game now
I feel like the giant structure in the Ancient City is a portal or at least the remnants of one, since its blocks has some very odd behavior (being blast immune, and cant be obtained), plus the sculk and warden does not look native to the overworld at all. so the following is a crack theory that turned into a semi-suggestion of mine that ive been holding onto since all the way back since april fools 2021.   April Fools 2021 released a snapshot, that was really a showcase, for the 1.16 Nether Update that completely overhauled the way dimensions were handled in the game and allowed the creation of potentially infinite dimensions that were all procedurally generated. now obviously the system was intended to streamline the Nether and End dimension generations, but it would be a waste to only use the system for the Nether and End. While it was highly unlikely that a new dimension would be created that interfered with the game progression (overworld > nether > end) or that this new dimension would be dropped in the Nether Update (taking away from the focus of the update), I deduced that this dimensions system foreshadowed the inclusion of new dimensions, I just didnt know what kind or theme.    Note that the Nether and End dimensions have a theme, Nether is hot (hence the fire and lava), and the End is isolation (one ender dragon, only food is chorus fruit etc.). the dimensions also have a color palette, Nether is red, orange, and brown (rustic colors representing heat, decay, and pressure) while the End is white, black, and purple (colors that indicates isolation, danger, and/or the unknown, especially black).   The sculk and warden do not follow either color pallet or fits into the overworld's foliage but clearly has it's own so being from another dimension wouldn't be a far stretch. So why would there be a portal? well we see that ruined nether portals are surrounded by netherrack which are definitely not native to the overworld either. it could be that the sculk like the netherrack "leaked" from their native dimension into the overworld.   So after all this I formulated a concept of a new dimension simply called "The Dark Dimension" which has the central theme of, you guessed it, Darkness. You may say isnt the End darkness? the answer is no, there is always ambient light there and you dont need night vison to see, plus it doesnt evoke the image of staring into the darkness, more staring into the unknown. "The Dark" would be the theoretical native environment of the sculk and warden, plus possibly a whole ecosystem of terrible things. the color palette would be the dark blue of the sculk and the beige of the bones plus the bioluminescence. The dimension would be constantly shrouded in darkness (explaining why the warden relies on smell and sound). if it does get implemented it's likely this dimension would not interfere with the main progression of the game as that would trigger a lot of communities, but it could present a hostile environment and challenge that so far doesnt have an equal (other than caving without light sources, but thats more unnerving not terrifying).    Ecosystem of the Dark? I definitely see giant winged things attacking you from beyond the darkness, though that may be a bit much considering you would also have to contend with wardens, but maybe you shouldn’t even consider entering without a full set of netherite. Maybe a return of the stalker as a different entity. Fear is a major theme here.   Does it turn Minecraft into a horror game? Yes, probably, but the warden is already making it into the game (plus the concept art for the warden, then called stalker, and sculk is already nightmare material, shame not to use it), and the Dark is an optional dimension.    Rewards? Dont know, this opens up an entirely new part in the game and i cant predict Mojang’s future plans, so it would be reckless to suggest anything that far. maybe as a connection to dungeons, Souls?   Possibility of making it into the game? Maybe, Mojang did split the caves and cliffs into multiple parts, and so far everything except for the goats and deep dark has made it to the game. 1.19 is called the Wilds Update and while that’s an obvious reference to the new Marsh biomes, maybe that’s indicative of sometime more considering calling the deep dark “Wild” is a bit of a stretch.
The warden is kind of adorable. He looks too much like a teddy bear.
I'm glad swift sneak isn't what I thought it was. I thought it would make you kind if invisible tp the warden. I thought that this would ruin the challenge but I'm glad that mojang knew how to balance it by making it incompatible with other very important enchantments.
tbh swift sneak should be compatible with depth strider, because otherwise i don't see anyone really using it lol
You say that sneak speed is only available in the ruined cities, does that mean we cant buy it from villagers?
Clash of clans: Pekka chases butterflys Minecraft: Warden chases bats
3 block tall pillar u stay in the middle of it and the warden can’t reach u Fact theirs a skeleton skull in the city
those loot chests drops are so not worth the trouble that it's hilarious
what if,  decked out 2 with a warden
“Get rekt XD”
Long have I waited. I shall Rip and Tear the Warden.
I feel like the ancient cities need more skulk around them
the deep dark cities are HUGE
Since there are snowballs in the chest wouldn't it make sense that there would be snow and ice on the ground too? How do those snowballs not melt into a bucket of water?
If your'e in a  multyplayer server and pepole are following you trying to kill you and you have Swift Sneak on your boots you can almost god bridge with just shifting so Swift Sneak is kinda OP for builkding a bridge and escaping.
Is argeology going to be in 1.19??
A portal to another dimension would be the only reason I would even attempt navigating this structure, damm great idea imo
This is really cool but there's a lot more blocks I really do think Minecraft is well over due for an inventory size increase
The new enchantment is OP
The most pressing question: Who's keeping the candles lit?
hrmm, we're getting so many enchantments for the boots, im kinda disappointed that pants dont seem to get anything special lol, do be unfortunate
9:20 xisuma saying get rekt is the funniest thing ever
Is the blast resistant block wither explosion resistant
Can it get you underwater? and is it immune to lava?
the bat and the warden xD How to get ride of the warden new silly technique
13:02 amogus obviously
I think that the floors of the ancient city are made of wool too protect the owners from the warden
Maybe the portal allows for end fast travel
The ender dragons xp 😳
Wait! ARE BATS USEFUL DISTRACTIONS?!
this looks so amazing!! my only bone to pick is that the loot tables are a bit weak compared with how scary the warden is, id love to see something a bit more like what the bastions have, maybe even with some netherite scraps or ingots! thanks for covering as always!
the warding chasing the bat reminded me of the clash of clans animation in which pekka is chasing a butterfly
What happens when you kill the enderdragon with a sculk-catalyst in range?
The cities look fairly dull to me. They're nether fortresses with a center room, essentially. All the atmospheric and sound design is awesome, but this structure suffers from the same issue as all other structures — they become boring and repetitive.
I think the "portal" might be a smart way for them to be able to add a way into another dimension if they have plans to ever do that. Like they might not be currently planning on it but maybe it's added so if they ever do make a new dimension, the ancient city portal could be used as the entrance.
Warden encounters play like an alien:isolation scenario, you just hide, there's no winning fighting them
Fun fact: You can enchant Reinforced Deepslate with any enchantment using an anvil
So can the Warden break blocks already? How is cheesing it prevented?
I feel like the loot table needs some better stuff. I mean, the deep dark is an end game thing, with the warden killing you in 2 hits full netherite. I think diamonds would be good in those chests, otherside disc, and maybe even ancient debris
I wonder if you can make the warden go in the surface in survival.
Yes finally 1ts java 1.19 snaphot!!!! Warden is so coolest and scariest mob ever
Fun fact:  Man kann den Darknes effekt durch night vision ungehen :)
man not another boots enchantment
hear me out, spawn a dragon with no ai and see how many blocks convert with all the XP!
I knew we would get this in java eventually, but damn that was fast
IDK what the portal will be but at least I hope they're something we need to use to get to the end of the game, the game cycle has been the same for so long now, we need to extend gameplay before The End I think.
The ancient city reminds me of Minecraft Dungeons levels. By the way, what does the warden drop? (Probably xp or something)
Design wise this is super cool, practicality wise seems a little pointless… the only reason I can see to go is for the new blocks, the warden unlike the other bosses doesn’t drop anything as of rn, and I’d rather have depth strider and soul speed on my boots than swift sneak, because you won’t spend much time sneaking
I see people godbridge with swiftsneak
I really hope that portal is something, as it is I can't say the deep dark is much of anything, kinda of a let down. But it's still not final so i hope I'm proven wrong
Hmmm I dont know if I like IT.... Yes IT makes deep intersting and challenging but if IT unkillable its sucks we NEED something to defend ourselfs right?
Cool! Tho swift sneak seems pretty pointless if it isn’t compatible with depth strider
I wonder what new farms the SciCraft server will use the Warden in...it will be very interesting to find out! They might even use one to break blocks in a cobble or tree farm so as to not need the TNT duping glitch anymore...
What would happen if you put a piston on a clock making noise... or anything making noice... would the Warden be atracted to that?? All this seems to me very cool looking but pointless. What would that new mob be used for? I've just seen Cub kill it with lava. And thats it. It would be dangerous at the early game, but then one can come up with mechanism agaist it. So... if that's tru you should carrie more stuff with you in the inventory if are planning on going on the caves, and there for it becomes an inventory problem. I just don't see the point
What would be really cool in my opinion is that they could make infested warden blocks similar to silverfish
I think the reinforcement grimstone is just a cheaper alternative to netherite blocks, for strong redstone doors
This is sooo cool! Only one thing I wish would be adjusted, I feel like the loot could be a bit better (other than the new enchantment). The loot should be equal to bastions, or even better in my opinion. The only reason to go down there is for the swift sneak, which isn't really even that worth it, especially on hardcore.
I can't wait too take on the task too fix up and reconstruct the dark city for a massive village too live in
is there a benefit to beat the warden yet?
bats probably have a potential in the deep dark update. they can distract the warden
That's so damm clever. The pathways are soundproofed with wool; this will teach the player that soundproofing is without a letter of dialogue. Having the snowballs around does a similar thing.  Minecraft passive teaching ftw
everything is amazing. but i kid of don't like the warden walking animation it feels too different from the "minecraft style". and maybe the mouth texture is too wierd?
Those side rooms would be absolutely epic with an archeology update.
Why this mini boss stronger than wither and ender dragon combined? I've fought 20 withers at the same time, but the warden scares me more than anything. Might really lose my hardcore world.
these cities totally remind me of the minotaur's maze, over at the twilight forest mod. Nostalgia is flowing back
You mention not seeing mobs in the cities when you find them...do they eventually spawn as normal in the dark spaces?
One of the best thing about dude is that he never takes credit for himself when he achieves something. He always respect us, the audience and his team, and he is polite in all his videos. We congratulate ourselves on this achievement. More to come..2
One of the best thing about dude is that he never takes credit for himself when he achieves something. He always respect us, the audience and his team, and he is polite in all his videos. We congratulate ourselves on this achievement. More to come..u2
You should try replacing all the blocks in a cave with barriers to see the spawning animatiom
Where do you find the deep dark
Waaaaa I told my friends a few days after the warden was first shown that Mojang should add an enchant called that and that did that!!!!! WTH
Will the swiftsneak enchantment be useful for builders as well?
can you hide in 2x1 tunnels
if its not a portal than what it is.
god wardens remind me so much of the john mod, it's uncanny
Hoes finally have a use besides farming. Lets GO!!
I can’t wait for all of the Warden Rage compilations.
Wtf?? The warden has more health then the ender dragon it should be a boss!!
9:03 That's litteraly a P.E.K.K.A trying to catch a butterfly.
The deep dark needs to be more centralized and restricted to below stone levels, i like how its everywhere but i still think it should be more of a central thing and a proper BIOME.
Why does the warden look like a P.E.K.K.A trying to catch a butterfly when he is trying to kill the bat. Lmao
I love how the Warden chases bats. I hope they keep that in the game.
once again  the bat is the most difficult mob.
How many warden hits can you survive with protection 4 Netherite ?
9:05 Mumbo Jumbo?!??
Timmy: I finally learned to speedbridge!  Swift Sneak 3: i'm about to ruin this manse whole career
The loot doesn't seem worth it
This is the Dark Souls of Minecraft updates.
Uf the city is a structure you can just use the feature command?
I feel like swift sneak could have been a leggings enchantment, we already have a lot of exclusive enchantments for helmet and boots, but I think leggings and chesplate needs some love too
Can a wither destroy the new blocks that you can move with a piston!
I think mojang made bats useful because if you are in a cave full of bats they will distract the warden with all of the noise they make.
Warden's statue/portel kinda looks like amogus/sus
about the music, does "ancestry" now play in the deep dark or is it still unused?
I really hope that the skulk will naturally spread over time
I love when x laughs at the bat dying, so wholesome!
deep dark... spawns at y level 78
Seeing it up close..... That feels like some cult things.
Am I the only one who fels like the Citys is underwelming?
500 health points? doesn't the WITHER have only 200? that's crazy
would be cool if the “portal” lead to a dark void dimension or something, or some limbo sort of thing. maybe whatever “in between” dimension the endermites are from.  or maybe it could take you to a small pocket dimension, putting you in a big room you can build whatever you want in, but if you leave the room’s walls, you’ll be met with danger.
Someone just rickrolled the super bowl
9:04 this is not meant as a rude comment but i cant believe that this is the same person who plays death metal music, unless im mistaken and it's a different person/
Ancient city is like woodland mansion, is rare, and it got good loots, ancient city is much better
So is the deepslate witherproof?
I feel theres lack of blob in deep dark, it ciuld be nice also to have massive spread in deep dark city ti add more challenge
It looks so much like a portal... Did anyone try lighting it yet?
Didn't the guy who made the Aether Mod help make the Deep Dark and the Warden?  It makes sense that he would also make a new dimension
I can imaginw that if the warden is sensitive to sound, it really annoys him to hear bats with their "ultrasound" :-D
really interesting lore implications the frame may not be a portal, but it seems clear it was an attempt at a portal at the very least. question is, by who, and where to?
My school just ended, bunch of great news
Seeing how that warden chased that bat makes me hopeful we might see the bat finally will get a use!!! Maybe they could make it so bats can distract wardens?
Finally mojang gave us the Warden spawn egg 🥚
Did anyone see the naturally spawning skeleton skulls at 15:29 in bottom right corner?
I did some testing, and it turns out that reinforced deepslate just doesn't have an effective tool. So it takes the same amount of time to mine no matter your haste level.
the warden should be exclusive for the cities..and only one or 2 in every cty
minecraft: how many lore implications do you want this to have? mojang:  **yes**
How to add this snapshot to bedrock?
Hey X , just a question. Do you sleep sometimes 🤣?  Jk , thanks for the video.
Honestly, i found multiple ways to farm the warden myself and it's pretty op atm.
Swift sneak could be useful for projects in the sky where you need to sneak to place blocks/bridge
I wonder if they're planning to replace the stonghold with the ancient city or something similar?
This isn't the game I grew up with anymore
Wait, you can beat the Warden just by using a 4 block pillar. I guess that makes sense as the Warden may seem like a boss but all bosses drop something good, and I don't think the Warden drops anything so he's not a proper boss.
Skyblock players are praising notch for swift sneak books
Egg slayer
As I thought: They should put a common new enemy for the ancient cities
If the portal frames are so hard to break it might be a bit annoying since you could trap afk players in them.
the 'portal' reminds me of Grumbot.
So when will we be seeing the warden ? Which update will we see this in
Iron golem brutally attacking the warden in a vicious battle:  Subtitles: _music_
YESYESYESYESYESYESYES
why god bridge when you can just use swift sneak III
It would be cool if wardens kill all mobs lol maybe besides axalotls because that would be cute also because  wardens look like axalotls
Sculk catalyst with ender dragon exp. I need to see that
Ancient Debris is also blast resistant and can be moved by pistons. As a bonus, it can also be mined, so I'm not sure how usefu the frame block is.
Hopefully they add a feature to keep the warden from burrowing and disappearing like nametags maybe so people like tango can utilize them
Hi.. I just have a question  if u break the skulk shriekers in the cities does that limit the spawn of the wardent and if u do spawn the wardent is there a way to trap it?
"it feels to me" no it doesn't... Mojang said its not about killing it and that you wouldn't encounter him unless you search it
No mobs other than the Warden spawn in the Deep dark biome, it's confirmed
I know what drop the Warden should drop. If it's a warden it should be guard related, chains, bars, maybe an eye of ender or a shreeker.
i do not like the swift sneak being mutually exclusive with depth strider and soul speed
i really hope the bat/warden interaction was intentional, and if not, i hope it stays
I kinda wish the swift sneak would be a leggings enchant because there’s not a lot of those and having to keep multiple pairs of boots is a pain
Structure could be alittle better ngl.. like the ocean monument.. you explore it cause your looking for something (sponges / elder guardian)  This just feels like a waste of time, u can shift walk with new enchants but that's it.. what about new hostile mobs? Or something or an item drop for warden
Matpat is gonna have a field day with these lost cities
Yay, another boot enchant, what is that now, 4 pairs of boots? And would you look at that, 0 legging enchants, if only there was a way to fix this      (This is a joke I really don't mind that much)
I get the feeling people like Etho are gonna make special skulk farms with stone gens, to reduce the conversion distance and keep production at max efficiency, while also moving away and storing skulk in bulk  heh, bulk skulk
Finally this thing is alive!
dang... Tango's DeckedOut Vers 2 is gonna be absolutely amazing. The Warden is a terrifying mob to be sure. VERY exciting!!
Ok so it looks cool, but so far I'm failing to see the purpose behind going there. You get 1 new type of enchanted book that is more useful there than anywhere else. It's also dangerous without any "beating" the area.
I could totally see one of the Hermits (most likely Cub or Doc) would try to find the cities to move the reinforced deepslate to their megabase
that big statue is the Warden's head
i think the audio design elements of the deep dark and warden are amazing.
So cool  I see self asembeling blast resistance houses in the future
THESE WARDEN SUMMONING ANIMATIONS ARE AMAZING! Like this stuff looks like it came straight out of a mod.
Moving quickly whilst crouching sounds nice.... but is it worth not moving faster in water? Depth Strider's a hard one to beat. Also AGH! MORE BOOT ENCHANTS! Can we PLEASE think of some more enchantments for the legs and chest? How about the Pegasus enchantment for leggings. Similar to Link's boots, it increases base movement speed when running (and ONLY when running, maybe at the cost of durability or increased hunger). Or something akin to "Sturdy" for the chestplate which reduces/prevents knockback? Just getting real sick of enchantments always being on the boots or helm.
They did mention that no other hostile mobs would spawn within the deep dark.
I remember freaking out yesterday when pix tried to speedrun getting to the deep dark😂😂😂
What happens when the skulk catalyst gets the xp from the ender dragon?
Seeing a Warden chase a bat was the most wholesome thing I've seen all day!
I honestly think they need to vastly improve the loot in the cities, cause as it looks now it's a bit of a joke
Crackpot theory but maybe the “portal” is just laying the foundation for a future update. So it won’t do anything in 1.19 but in the following updates Mojang will add a way to light it.  Maybe I’m coping too hard but it would be super cool if Mojang had some sort of multi-update plan like that
I just smile all the time watching this lol
I feel like the frames should be a portal otherwise there isn't much to go after the ancient city. (And the fact that they cant be obtained or blown feels like it might be used in some way. ) Loot isnt anything special except swift sneaker warden drops nothing  and you can obtain sculk sensors anywhere else. It seems rather useless.
They made their own version of the movie A Quiet Place
easier cheeze than i thought fr
Yet another reason why I only play peaceful 😅
could you not make a mob farm with a shrieker in it and just have the warden murder everything for you?
I just noticed something interesting:  In the Ancient Cities, there's WOOL, which hints that whoever built this structure was aware of the Warden and how it hunts and probably built this as a "shelter" or a "fortress" to fend off Wardens. It could also be a group or organization of builders/survivors.
what if mojang added otters and this is gonna be so useful for my ancient arena for pvp and the swift sneak is gonna be usefull for stealing from players
Maybe controversial but I don't like the way the skull blobs look. It doesnt look natural. I feel like it would look better if a huge space of cave floor and wall and maybe even ceiling was covered the as you got to the edge it became more patchy. It all looks so cool tho
What if that wierd portal takes you just back to your spawn point?
There’s experimental feature on bedrock edition for consoles so does that mean that applies to that too ???
they sould add more mods for the anchant citys
man this now update is going to be awsome
OMG, I'm definitely going to be doing a rebuilding the deep dark city video, also will have a Warden fight some other mobs
What was that block in the city between the 2 chests? Some kind of altar or something?
Even if it wasn't a portal, part of me could imagine moving the frame blocks into a specific shape like mojang was giving us a puzzle to solve. Makes you wonder what they are up to
And now Bedrock is sad. :(
Finally we can make a bat farm
I think swift sneak and frost walker should be compatible tbh, since frost walker doesn't increase movement speed.  and more importantly because frost walker is completely useless since it's inferior to depth strider in every single way
Bruh the most useless enchantment, i hope that's not the " secret loot" they where talking about in minecon also the cities look cool but i honestly expected a lot more than some structures and long path ways that lead to nothing interesting. Kinda disappointed with this but i still have hope they can turn this around maybe add a new weapon that's not craftable and hard to get
Love the idea of portals
I'm honestly scared how often the warden can spawn if one only needs to be 26 blocks away for another to be allowed to spawn.
It really looks like a portal, please, please be an adventure dimension portal. The loot inside the chests is lame.
I think they should not be able to spawn at higher elevations, and probably less common. Because of the name DEEP dark. Making it rarer and probably larger and more connected would make the deep dark likely more special/cool to players.
I didn't expect this
Everything looks really awesome, but right now it feels like there is zero motivation to go to these other than the sculk. Swift Sneak is another one of these enchantments like Soul Speed where by the time you get it, you probably don’t really need it, and it’s only really helpful in doing more of the same. I hope they have plans for more loot / incentives, as I’m sure they do since this is still early
I think the warden being able to smell you is kinda dumb. It kinda gets rid of the fact that it can’t see. I’d much rather that you have to make noise for it to find you
9:06 I bet Etho finds immense joy in this
I hope they made a new music disc for the ancient city chests
Are those skeleton skulls naturally generating in the ancient cities? If so that is a super cool way to get them. (15:29 bottom right)
Isn't ancient debris also blast proof while still being movable?
I just realised, the trolls you can do with the reinforced deepslate are crazy. Just imagine, you setup a portal covered with reinforced deepslate, and ask a friend to go in the portal without a pickaxe, and he's stuck for hours, or even more, plus he can't press escape if he's in a portal animation, so the only escape is if someone breaks him out or if he presses alt + F4. Or even, if your friend goes afk to go eat dinner near reinforced deepslate, you have about enough time (if you have the right materials) to move all the blocks to completely stuck them inside. Maybe the ability to move it isn't a good idea, mojang, lol.
I hope the bat killing warden remains a thing
The reinforced deep slate had potential for prisons
it's too vaguely portal shaped to not be a portal  the blocks being called frames also adds to the suspicion  I hope more comes out of this perhaps not another dimension but maybe another use, maybe a teleporter?
Swift sneak is kinda useless. If it's the only good loot then you're using it to travel faster safely to loot chests for something you already have... You're asking for water when you just drank a gallon. Speaking of water depth strider is still worth using over sacrificing the slot for sneaking.
Perhaps the "portal" may be used for a future update? That'd be a fun way to introduce a new dimension.
I miss hermit craft but I know it's just around the corner
I can’t wait to play this update and see everything they’ll add to the deep dark! I really hope there’ll be a new dimension as it’s been years since one was added lol
so atm it seems like the ONLY real benefit to even going down there is for the swift sneak enchantment and maybe the massive amount of building blocks if you need them. not worth dealing with a warden imo.
stronghold revamp?
We haven't even gotten a preview of the Allay yet and I'm already pumped for this update. It's going to be incredible!
i personally don't have any want to go into the ancient cities in survival as quick sneak is incompatible with soul speed and depth strider and i would prefer those  if you are gonna have something so difficult to get don't have it not work with other important enchants
Deep dark Y=78 Yeah, I think that's not intentional
YOU CAN REPAIR AN IRON GOLEM?
End dragon?
Looks like bats might become actually useful as a way to distract the warden
Looking forward to seeing Mumbo figure out how to use these all these new things, like the movable indestructible block
Maybe, if mojang intends to make the warden a mob you’d like to avoid rather than fight,  they should only drop trophy items (e.g. a warden head) so that your average player don’t miss out anything not fighting them, while optionally killing one also feels like an achievement.
oh my god they need to make the warden actually do a play animation with bats
OMG ITS HEREEWEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE LETS GOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Imean, it makes sense, how else would a civilization this cool die out unless there was some dimension or power they tapped into they shouldn't have?
The head would surely be a portal, otherwise it would be totally pointless to explore these.
They should add more soul fire in the center of the city
Imagine if a lava lake spawns under one of those wool corridors and sets up the whole city on fire lmao
That looks like a watching room for experiments
I seem to recall that Mojang said they were going to add a Warden drop.
I do hope that Mojang have more plans for the cities, since except for the centerpiece and loot room it seems to be a whole lot space taken up by cool halls
For how difficult it's meant to be to explore, the loot you get there isn't that worthwhile
hehe also watched tango's newest stream testing this stuff for decked out 2.   cant wait Xisuma
I absolutely LOVE how the souls in the heart of the warden glow in the dark but not the rest of the body. It really adds to the fear factor of the monster.
Ugggggghh we have to manually download snapshots now? sounds like too much effort.
I'M SORRY WHAT
Loved this video! I especially loved 9:03! :D
Awwww, I wanna see more bats~ Maybe trained bats
Idk..... all portal blocks in the game are either super tough or indestructible. Mojang is really good about avoiding redundant additions. They wouldn't add something if it didn't serve a practical or aesthetic purpose.  But if its for aesthetics why is it indestructible? The same goes for if the block is intended as a blast resistant building block, its still got to be able to be relatively removable in order to be able to effectively build with it?. On top of that the block's profile is very defined and stands out from the other deepslate blocks. Why do this if you aren't trying to call attention to it??...... Kind of like the end portal.  Sounds pedantic, but i really cant see how it can be anything other than a portal block.
the frame block looks like a deepslate framed with the bones from the skulk blocks, I wonder whats its purpose, if the skulk is something evil that spreaded and killed that ancient civilization what were they intending in framing stone with skulk bones? were skulk a experiment with a fungy lifeform that went wrong? or its from a different dimentions? I'm really intrigued
it would be really cool to be able to activate the portal or enter a new dimension in the future. dont think its going to happen in this update, but a few updates down the line would be awesome
oh my god he showed up
If the skulk catalysts can generate shriekers too, I can forsee people using them for griefing, like summoning the warden at people's bases... 😓
The Warden just reminds me more and more of the higher-stage infected in The Last of Us. The way it bows at you when you've been detected, it's bulkiness, and most importantly it's blindness.
👍
Mobs definitely don’t spawn in the Deep Dark which makes sense because other mobs would just endlessly trigger the warden
Would be incredible if there was a passive mob that spawns in these ruins. They are so adapt to the darkness the Warden brings and its sensitive hearing that it no longer sees things and their paws are covered with soft wool like fur to make sure that every step they take is muffled enough for them to be able to sneak by Wardens unnotice. Their diets are the skulk growth that lies among the caverns. Which questionably explains why the Skulk has never once spread so much to the surface
Ok so I have some doubts/ideas, can you name tag wardens? And if so, what happens to the name when it gets back, does it despawn or it’s the warden linked to the screecher? Cause that would be really cool
There's too much wool on those pathways. They should break it up a bit, like the wool has rotted. Make the player jump around.
So it seems the experimental snapshots are here to stay…
Does swift sneak use durability like soul speed?
I bet it’s better just to break the chests, since opening them means two sounds
Swift sneak is gonna be HUGE for builders!
This might just be the BIGGEST structure in Minecraft! Could someone do a comparison of Woodland Mansions, Deep Dark Cities, Strongholds, Nether Fortresses? Pretty sure that Mansions were the biggest before 1.19
I like that it’s an avoid only boss with no benefit to actually killing it
Based on seeing some other people experimenting with the Wardens and Shriekers, right now it appears the Warden can be summoned anywhere. While this is probably good for some uses, I am concerned that the next new popular grief will be to put in a skulk sensor, a shrieker, and a suitably dimly lit area hidden in someone's base.
They should make swift sneak a leggings enchantment, because there’s already so many for the boots while legs and chest only have the standard that applies to all the armor
Did we just find a use for the bat?!?!?!
Eren Yeager: “AHHHHHH”
I think the swift sneak enchant should go on leggings, they've been completely neglected enchant wise
finally yeahhh
Does the one building that he said he liked remind anyone else of some kind of alter? Idk why the the part between the two chests just really look like a sacrificial alter of some sort to me.
I think thing your referring to as portal maybe it's supposed to resemble wardens head and the ancient builder were worshiping it as  a protector ,that's just me theory
There are miniature statues of the warden head scattered around the ancient city. The red stone lamps in front of the frame also have water logged skulk sensors on top of them!
imagine if there were Dwarves roaming and inhabiting the Ancient Cities that aren't abandoned and overrun with sculk
Now I *really* want to be able to tame bats!!!
Just tested out the snapshot, warden only spawns at and below Y = 90, if Y < 90, then there are warden sounds but warden does not get summoned, subtitles show 'Warden Whines'.  Also if a sculk shrieker is too close to a warden, it will not summon another one. In fact, it doesnt even play the Shriek sound if warden is nearby (or already summoned)
Mojang has made Decked Out 2 for Tango :D
What if... These ppl were underground monks.
I mean the under city is cool and all but I don't think it's worth going there seeing the loot
heres my warden fun fact: although the warden can take fall damage, it cannot be killed in one hit by fall damage unless it falls on dripstone, as under normal fall damage rules the 320 blocks from the top of the world to the bottom only take a bit more than half its health
The end portal frames match the aesthetic of the Skulk... perhaps that really is a portal, just a failed one, like ruined portals in the overworld? and with all that Soul business throughout it all as well, between the soul block textures, soul lanterns, soul particles, soul fire, etc. ... I think Mojang has something big lore-wise planned for the world of Minecraft!
ANOTHER boot enchantment? Why not put them on the legs? Sure sneaking is about the feet, but movement speed is about your legs...
Nah guys, the portal is just an amogus reference
If the only thing unique in the ancient cities is the swift sneak enchantment, then i think itd be counterintuitive to explore them. You spend time exploring them to be able to more easily explore them. It's  same vibe as "Why do you need money?" "To pay for gas." "Where do you drive your car?"  "..... to work."
part of me wishes they kept everything regarding the warden aside from the warden itself, a secret
the warden is kinda like pekka but it chases bats also the design is preety similar especially the horn
3:04 Finally a good reason to make a netherite hoe...      I've been using a iron hoe till now (The world was created when 1.16.1 launched)
Mojang did amazing with this. I was exploring in survival and it felt like a horror game. Something i noticed is in the kind of "Worship" areas (There are areas with Chisled deepslate on a pedastal with lots of candles) Perhaps the people who lived here were worshipping whatever is chisled into deepslate. It is most likely a mob as other chisled variants of stone represent creatures (Sandstone has a creeper face, Red sandstone has a wither face, etc.)
There's smaller versions of the centerpiece building scattered all around the cities, and in the structure files they are called "small_portal_statue." I don't know if they'll lead to another dimension, but to me that feels like solid evidence that the centerpiece is indeed a portal of some kind.
I don't see going to  the deep dark
Just think this biome with RTX 🥺
I do *not* like how common this spawns
The Deep Dark biomes look like they might be a problem for players spread out like that. Through the early game, most players tend to go caving to transition from the early game to the mid game as fast as possible so they can really enjoy the game. With the Deep Dark spread out as much as it is, it won't just make caving harder, but it will become severely difficult since mobs can also set off the Shriekers and summon a Warden. The game might become infested with Wardens which could become very overwhelming very fast.  I'd prefer it if the Deep Dark wasn't so spread out as seen in this video, rather more localized/grouped together and isolated to a specific part of the world below y=0
What happens when you play music (box) to the warden..???
What I absolutely love here, is how well the Warden is animated and just how much of a telegraph he has for his (for Minecraft standards) really complex behavior. It's all the personality this monster needs to be undeniably terrifying.  It also puts into perspective how legitimately outdated most of the other mobs feel by comparison. Not saying, that they all need this level of detail put into them, but I'd love to see them get at least a little more personality than just staying in a default pose, only swinging their legs in a really simplistic walk animation and not even always having an attack animation. Think something along the lines of Minecraft Dungeons' idle animations, but less exagerated and then project that feel onto all other instances, where an animation could get a personality flair. It would especially do well to set the variant mobs apart from one another beyond just being reskins with slightly altered statistics.
No mobs in the ancient cities, as mobs don't spawn in the deep dark..
interesting... I noticed that there are some blue fires under the central "portal" structure... I'm guessing that means that there is now an overworld source of soul sand and/or soul soil! (Not to mention all the naturally generated blue lanterns!)
that loot tho 💀
Xisumavoid: all its here Swamps, frogs and allay (the main things of 1.19 update): yes!
honestly, for now the loot is not that exciting
well the update was caves and cliffs now its the wild update or adventure update but if that is a portal maybe it Leeds to a place that's in the sky ???? as that would make way to much sense
Poor bat lol
Hopefully the warden doesn't spawn every time because, imagine while your caving you get too close to a shrieker without noticing and then a warden attacks out of nowhere? I was thinking you could have one as a pet but it looks like you would need something to constantly aggravate it, otherwise it'll just go back underground and if the shrieker is too close to the edge of the cage it could spawn outside of it?
The structures Mojang have added recently are really cool and atmospheric. If only there were more of an incentive to visit them such as unique and powerful loot.
I feel like that the city centerpiece is indeed a portal. But, I don’t think that it will be your typical Minecraft dimension. I think, that this new place will be terrifying, dangerous, and will have a lot of loot. I’m personally hoping for an un-killable looming threat.
Why did Mojang make the darkness effect when they could use blindness instead? What’s the difference?
The Frog and Wardens animations aren't minecraft-like, they are to lively compared to the current animation style of being stiff. If they implement the lively animations to older entities, good, if not, that'll look weird.
9:03 "awww I can't believe it. the warden. it's going after the bats 🦆🦆🦆" 😂😂😂
bru i wish they added other enchantments for the set pieces and not just the boots
I think if you're going to call it a city it should look like one... There wasn't much to look at as far as the city went. Could just be that one, but I would like to see more in it even if it's empty.
Wardens arevattracted by bats, if you could just get a lot of bats in a city, you could easily loot it. Omy
I feel like they need another reward or two to make the deep dark more worthy of exploring. Maybe a new type of projectile (like a throwable sculk material that actually deals damage) since snowballs don't really make sense underground.
guitar?
Total needs cursed items that attract skulk lings and increases the severity of raids. Or a skulk spread enchantment on weapons.
You can use a basalt generator to meet the block requirement for the Catalyst. Not trying to promo but here is what that could look like (I'm bad with Redstone) https://youtu.be/UtHD0ppXv3s
Real question: I know it's slightly different, but what's the difference between darkness and blindness? Was it really worth making a whole new effect?
among us portal
found maybye a bug, if you killm a warden it wont count towards monster hunter and also you can prevent the warden from spawning as long as you break the skulk shrieker before the warden starts to spawn of course you do have to be quick but you still can.
Is the warden effected by powdered snow and cobwebs? Thinking of ways to trap it
Javer edition
You can also finally find a skeleton skull in the city!
it would be INSANE if that ends up being a portal to a new dimension. dont wanna get my hopes up too high though
All of this looks soooooo amazing! Mojang are really outdoing themselves with the updates since Update Aquatic!
Why add such a tough enemy like if it was a boss for him not dropping loot and the chest loot sucks too?
This is so fucking scary for hardcore
Here's an interesting theory to "Who is the Warden?"... I thought of the idea while watching this video  The Warden was once looked at as a deity, a being of transcendence. The people of the land constructed monuments, cities, or temples if you will, to this deity. But as time passed, the temples/cities were slowly covered by the passing of time, forced underground where the monsters roam. (You mentioned how no monsters spawned in the ancient cities at the moment, so this next idea spanned from that) From the dark, this deity dwells within his ancient home, forgotten and lost to time. Until two unlucky travelers (Steve and Alex), stumbled upon this ancient city. They explored the city as much as they could but unbeknownst to them, they set off something (Skulk Shrieker or whatever) that put their fate in stone. The Warden, feared by monsters because it lurked in the dark unknown by the world, the monsters would not go near the city, or the deity itself. They would run away in fear. Steve and Alex, put into a situation where they would've never expected, were forced to run, hide, and hope to survive.   And it was due to their lucky, lucky, survival that the Deity, dubbed as the Warden, was shown to the public...
The new enchantment is really exciting. Gonna help with building a lot. I hope we get a new music disk you find in the deep dark as well and a banner pattern. Similar to the Bastian loot, and not to be too picky having idk some type of stronger zombie or something in the deep dark would be cool to give more challenge
In the early days of Minecraft pocket edition you could find strongholds, but they didn’t actually take you to the end.  so maybe this is kind of the same thing and they will add it after the wild update
...theres... more than one? rip me
1.17 WAS LATE 2020 WTF I THOUGHT IT WAS LKKE 1 MONTH
Can finally make a use for bats, like fish in buckets but it’s a bat in one of those rabbit hide sacks that they gave up on
ive said it in the past, this is a warden, what is it that its protecting, new potential boss maybe, even stronger than the warden? totally likely that it is a portal to a new dimension.  i would actual say that the ancient city was built with the purpose of building a portal to a new dimension which was successful, how ever the inhabitance of the new dimension didnt like that and so they came through to our dimension (overworld) and are now guarding the entrance to said dimension.  and the chests with snowballs was a way for the ancients to try avoiding the wardens when they first came through, and the swift sneak was invented by them to try and avoid the wardens as much as possible.
New dimension? sign me up :D
i found a mineshaft right beside a ancient city, i teleported in creative like really far away from spawn so teleport with commands. the seed is 5724270475566862477 and the coords are 1644 / -39 / 39210
The warden chasing the bat is like the pekka chasing the butterfly in clash of clans
I audibly gasp-squeed when I saw the title of this.
I'm disappointed the new gate blocks aren't mineable with netherite.  The block is a vast upgrade in usefulness to obsidian, and obsidian requires diamond.  About time we get a block that requires netherite so the rare material isn't just diamond-but-faster.
I hope the warden can climb blocks because it would be too easy to just avoid it by pillaging up 3 blocks.
Hmmm I like that the chests have snowballs in them, but I feel like an item that functions similarly but isn’t you know… made of snow would work better. Maybe a glass bauble or something. Perhaps it could have a special property that skulk sensors and warden can hear them shatter from further away.
i think i remember someone saying how mojang will add a new dimension once all three current dimensions are updated, so maybe 1.20 will be an update for the End and after that a new dimension will be added, also since the centerpiece structure looks like a portal it might be a portal to the new dimension once it is added
Among us?
What loot does the warden drop?
Just to bring this back from months ago, but Mojang said, when first ever showing off the cities too, there would be an "interesting" aspect to them while talking directly about the structure in the middle. If it is indeed a portal, then there could be an interactive function tied to it, yet we can still only speculate...
Would of been cool if disc 11 was a part of the loot table
I calculated the reinforced deepslate to have a hardness of about 16 - but since nothing is an effective tool on it, that means it will take about 80 seconds to break it.
Warden going off bats is like Pekka chasing the butterfly
I feel like the structures surrounding the walkways need to be more distinct/unique/visually interesting, but this is looking good so far
the technical community are going to make some very powerful xp+sculk farms like mumbos design
Played with the warden earlier.. they really are gonna need them to ignore bats...
What if you could take those hard to mine "portal" blocks and use them to build 2 smaller portals anywhere and they're like teleportation doors?
After seeing the Warden kill that poor bat, I feel like impulse has a new favorite mob 😂
really feel like the warden should at least drop something all those teasers and hype just for a mob thats nothing but a wall you should avoid, imo it feels hollow.
For me the animation makes it a chef kiss for me...  Iron Golem: Tossing animation  Warden: Crushing you animation
Good thing wardens don't drop anything, otherwise you just know that people would make automated farms with lava, kinda like the chicken breeder... I'd give it 15 minutes before we had tutorials on YouTube.
the ancient city really resembles the stronghold. if they end up serving similar functions I think I'd rather mojang make it a replacement for that. I feel like they focus too much on new stuff instead of ever updating old things and it's quite apparent when you look at the level of detail in older structures versus these newer ones
I think that there's something that will happen with the portal. At the moment, there doesn't seem to be much of a reason to visit the Deep Dark besides the new enchantment. Fingers crossed!
I think the sculk blobs should get more sense as it approaches the city until everything is corrupted to make it even more cool
I still can't shake the feeling that the deep dark is connected to the end. I know Mojang confirmed that the white parts of the skulk blocks were bones and not endstone, but here me out. The end is supposed to be the "end" of the game right (yes Minecraft doesn't really have an end, but you get what I mean). But yet, the stronghold is a walk in the park, even for new players. It has no real challenge are way of stopping you, if that makes sense. Basically what I'm trying to say is, what if this was the new/replacement for the stronghold. You have to ask yourself, why is Mojang making the deep dark such a dangerous place? What is the warden trying to protect? Just food for thought. Either way, love the way this update is shaping out!
500 hp is still less than the bedrock wither with 600 hp
I found a ancient city flooded with water too . I tried to trigger the warden to appear but it never did .. well that's a nice trick I to keep in mind I guess.  if u want to avoid him better start flooding the city xD
I feel like the horns of the warden are a bit disappointing, almost everything regarding the warden seems pretty nice but their horns… i dunno it just feels like those little horns don’t match the warden, IMO.
you probably can get swift sneak from villagers so if you aren't interested in those blocks you don't have a reason to explore these cities(except curiosity of course)
SAJFKKHALSFJAS GET REKT SKJDFHKLSDF
Woah, did we just find a use for the bat, it could distract the warden, if only we could put it in a bucket or something like that
One thing I saw in a stream earlier today is there is now a place in world where regular skeleton skulls spawn! They're placed in some of the little nooks in the city.
What if the enderdragon dies near a catalyst
I want to see what will happen if you go to spectator mode and try to see warden's pov
brb gonna test and find things to kill the warden then kill the warden  edit: lava can kill the warden in 1 minute which is long edit: the best way i know of to kill the warden is by going up then put lava on the side and just shoot him, i'll probably find another way but im gonna go play with my friend
So skulk vs EnderDragon or Wither?
i hope it's a portal, that would be sick
what happen if u break the block underneath warden when their despawning?
Why are you able to turn down the darkness effect? Isn't that just cheating?
they should add tough skulk mobs inside the deep dark to make it even harder. Maybe when a normal mob dies on skulk it comes back as a skulk version thats even tougher
I don't really see any reason why swift sneak should be incompatible with depth strider/soul speed/frost walker.  Right now it's somewhat useful for builders, but other than that I don't really think it's worth all the effort it takes to retrieve it
THE WARDEN HA STHE BEST ANIMATIONS AND THE WAY IT WORKS IS PERFECTION, ARGUE THAT ONE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Hmmmm  Ancient city looks like a free cool looking cave base ,if you clean all the nasties of course
I JUST left home, and I can't play the snapshot until Monday. Just my luck
"closest", I wounder if they mean it's a block, like silver fish.  Or does the game track it's XYZ location before it shows up.
I really hope the loot tables get an upgrade. Having golden apples or diamonds in the chests would give more incentive to check out the cities, or even skeleton heads would be awesome.
sneaking with building with those boots are going to be so helpful !
Swigtsnrak bridging?
At one point, I thought I had heard that the warden can dig through blocks to get you. Did you notice this at all?
Imagine if someone used to warden to kill the wither.
Nether blocks? That means whoever built these cities harvested materials from other dimensions
HALLELUJAH WE GOT THE SNAPSHOT, THANK YOU MOJANG!!!
What if the portal is a portal but rather than to a different dimension, its one to other ancient cities. Its not too overpowered since you have no control over where the portals are located, but it still gives value to finding and activating them.
I think it'd be cool if the warden dropped an item that would allow you to create a map that shows the cave system using echoloation.
A miniboss has more health than the ender dragon now
This is probably far fetched but since a Warden is somebody who runs a prison, and the portal is at the center of a city guarded by Wardens which makes me think it could be a prison for some scary yet to be added monster.
So you could just tower up to counter rhe wardrobe n?
At like, 10:12 I was like, that’s kinda like a goat...
I haven't heard Xisuma laugh like that in a while, makes me smile.
I have a theory: portal yes other dimension you can go to no. My theory is it's a portal you can activate and mobs come out of it, would make sense to me, so you have epic fights around it like a new bos mob (similar to wither skeleton and the wither, the warden and the ???) I know a bit far fetcher but there hast to be a reason to this blocks being so rare and only existing in this place, only other block in the game like this is ender portal frames
kill an ender dragon for the first time next to the skulk catalyst and see how many blocks are converted
14:56 This whole segment gave me a bit of an idea. What if these portal frames stop mob spawns? Perhaps these cities were testing cites to determine how to stop mob spawns but at the cost of creating wardens and sculk due to the dark nature of the soul magic being used. Due to the fact that all deep dark biomes don't spawn mobs I doubt this is the case, but I do think it's a cool concept.
That new block needs to be mineable
So bring foxes with me to distract the warden while I loot
avoid? no ima kill it at all cost i dont care about its hp or its attack damage i will find a way.
I don’t imagine they’ll use it as a portal for this update but given that it’s called frame and its shape I feel like they either will make it a portal or they’re trying to imply that it was once some sort of portal. That being said if it isn’t then I’m very excited to see what it will do
I feel like the radius around the ancient city where sculk appears should be largely reduced. I want to go caving in relative peace sometimes and not constantly worry about summoning a one-shot golem
I was expecting more loot after sneaking round something that can one hit you.
Yeaaaaaah baby! That's what I've been waiting for!
Ancient cities feel like Overworld nether fortresses, long hallways, mixed really well into other biomes, would be interesting if they could be a deeper version of strongholds, good challange would be to remove the skulk and make them into a base
It might just be me, but does the coughing sound the Warden occasionally makes sound almost exactly like the coughing in Disc 11?
So does Swift sneak beat speed bridges now?
I do think its a portal, its just waiting for another update. Its like a relic we have to wait for.
This snapshot will be very useful in having us find ways to kill the Warden and then add counterattacks to said methods.
im scared now ill see yall back in version 1.0
I don't think there should be another real dimension. I feel that if there were to be another one, it should be in the form of a reactor like the nether reactor from Minecraft PE way back in the day. That would be cool if something like that returned!
the center place looks like the beta trypophobia warden actually with the round ears/horns/antlers
It's finally here!!!
looks cool Mojang, very terrifying
Meanwhile Bedrock Wither has 300 Hearts (600 Health Points). As a Bedrock player, the Warden is no match.... Cuz we are monsters :D
This is really cool, but I think the ancient city needs more loot so that people have a reason to seek it out and risk angering the warden.
Question is: If the warden is meant to be feared and left alone for good, does the "Monsters hunted" advancement require a player to kill one, considering the wither and Dragon are also on the list?
Minecraft just becoming a horror game
Warden:COME HERE YOU LITTLE FLY IM GONNA CRUSH YOU TO DEATH Xisuma:THATS SO CUTE
Honestly i wish the stalker was a thing and probably they roam around the ancient city and its quite perfect because ancient city's are quite narrow
I wonder if filling the reinforced deepslate frame with sculk (as it texture looks somewhat like the end portal) or something else would activate a portal.
There should be some warden like mobs in the deep dark castle
I think the ancient city should have more unique loot in the city
Minecraft has been a horror game for a while now. Falling in lava is terrifying. Creeper showing up out of nowhere is butt clinching. Fear of falling into the void is nerve wracking. Accidentally breaking a pick axe is unsettling. The Warden is scary.... but not as scary as the thought of having to deal with villager trades....
I think the portal structure will only become usable when’s the end update comes out because mojan (I definitely said that wrong) said they Will only released new dimensions when all the other dimensions are completed (but I think they will add new features is just there finished in their purposes) And no Minecraft will not end with its new features because mojan sad Minecraft will never stop getting updates
11:05 even the warden agreed that we should avoid them
If sculk spreads due to mob xp on death what happens when you kill an ender dragon near a sculk patch?
swift sneak should go on leggings, leggings and chestplates desperately need enchantments
Does player death xp count
Maybe the portal is something like the old Nether Reactor and upon activation it spawns mobs!
I feel like the Warden should drop a lot of exp on death, as it would makes sense because the skulk blocks drop exp upon being broken, and the skulk grows when exp is dropped around it, (just wondering though if it was killed would the biome get bigger than?
Mojang literally took to heart the saying   "Minecraft is a horror game"  And it's awesome!!!!
There's something hilarious about the mild-mannered X saying, Jubilantly "It's so silly! Haha! Get Rekt!" that I can't handle. It's too funny.
i just wish there was an actual incentive to go to the deep dark. some reward that makes someone in hardcore really struggle to decide whether or not to go down there  edit: yeah those enchantments are an okay start, it’s just only really useful in the deep dark. plus the warden really should be reworked into an actual boss mob imo. dropping tons of XP and a one-of-a-kind super handy item, like the nether star.
The warden is partly made of bone. Sculk harvests dead mobs. The warden is created from the sculk. Conclusion: the warden is a golem made of corpses.
I do like the idea of it being a portal, and the ancient builders made this place likely to keep the sculk in. A safe place to research it, with plenty of items to avoid the wrath of the Warden. Something must have gone wrong, the place is a wreck and the sculk has escaped the walls.
Nice finally we get to really see the warden, but uhhh when we getting mud
Idk, the dark portal is a loop structure of unbreakable blocks located in a ritualistic area of an abandoned castle. That's pretty much the EXACT same description of the End Portal. I'd be surprised if it didn't do SOMETHING, but I bet they're pocketing it for 1.20 at the earliest
Lol sneakers
The ancient city looks too put together. Like most other structures in the game it should look more weathered down and broken. It shouldnt look like it was built just a decade ago.
Oooh, swift sneak is gonna make bridging much faster.
I think it would be an interesting challenge in this update to have a base as the ancient city and to try and survive in it with the wardens always present, spawning and despawning.
The spread animation and the warden rising out of the ground was the best!!!
16:45 this structure to me feels like a graveyard cause of they little piece that has the candles on it and cause of all the sculk and like it says sculk reacts/grows from the dead, but that's just my thoughts
Another boots enchantment :0 It's a shame it is not compatible with the others, we will now need another pair of boots then.
Seeing that Iron Golem cheese, I think it'd be kind of neat from a lore perspective if Iron Golems were scared of Wardens and just... run away. Iron Golems have that aesthetic of being really old, so it would make sense that they'd learnt, back when the Ancient Cities fell to the wardens, that there was no point fighting them, and that the only way to survive was to move on and find a safer place.
I wonder if it would be possible to set up skulk shriekers around a base to kill intruders
Can you use boats on the wardens?
I hope they add a game rule to disable the warden and skulk stuff. I don’t like this part of the update at all. 😭 I may never play in survival mode again after this update.
There must be something big with that frame bc they clearly don’t want it to be obtained and also the loot table is kinda bad so they have to create a reason for people to want to go therw
They dug too greedily and too deep and awoke what they fled - The Warden
Idk what that frame could possibly be for, but it looks like they are centering a lot of importance around it. I really would like it if that were a portal to some kind of Aether sky dimention or other place. However I think the End needs more work as it is so maybe too soon to be working on a new dimension just yet.
2:18 "y 78" deep dark not being deep
Ok. So how does the warden fare against say, lava?
There are red stone lamps surrounding the center that are sculk sensor activated. It’s cool walking down the aisle as the lights turn on as you walk. Also the sculk sensors are waterlogged so they don’t make any noise, I didn’t know they could do that. You can see them at 15:03
This seems like something that would be fun... for about 1 session. There's no incentive or balance to the Warden areas at all. Either it spawns and you almost definitely die, or you play Minecraft and put blocks between you.
I have an idea...it should be a secret feature so ppl won't go for it immediately but the feature is a warden death animation. If people somehow end up killing it, that's what they'll all get.
I get what you're saying about tempering expectations around the frame blocks.  I agree.  But!  it's called a FRAME, the only other block with frame in the name is the End Portal Frame.  Also consider, the name Warden; like a jail warden.  I speculate that the Warden is guarding the portal to another dimension where something incredibly powerful and dangerous is kept imprisoned (hopefully that's not the whole dimension like the End originally was).  That said, I doubt the Wild Update will include it.  At best, it will be the 1.20 update.  Maybe the release trailer will tease the portal being lit.
Saw ilmango’s withercage video earlier. Saw this thumbnail and just thought, what if this is somehow, eventually, tied to some kind of aether. The reenforced basalt kind of looks like a portal or a lens. Reminds me of a phrase about passing through the eye of something and survive (surviving). Pretty sure that’s a line from Avatar (James Cameron) though.
Xisuma is a smooth criminal
The portal and mini structures look like a wumpuses
Deep Dark Fantasy
I enjoy the direction Minecraft is heading. The surface is beautiful and lush, and the deep is rich and mysterious. ( not to mention scary )
The reinforced deep slate is very strange, you can mine it but never get the block, if it was meant to not be obtained why can you mine it. Like you can’t mine bedrock or end portal frames, but this you can? Very strange…
speed bridgers are crying now that swift sneak exists
mojang better make the cities loot good or else no one is going to go raid them.
ok the warden chasing the bat was really cute, I kind of hope they implement some custom behaviour like the warden and the bat are friends
I really really like this!
How much shulk would you get if you killed the dragon?
I'M SO NERVOUS FOR CHANGE (AND THE HEART ATTACK GENERATOR THAT IS THE DEEP DARK) BUT IM SO EXCITED  The warden "spawning" animation is so new and interesting, and I don't think I knew before that it would dig itself into the ground after a minute of no activity!!!! VERY good to know lol. I do think they should drastically increase the radius of "nearby wardens" though. they should be rare.  oh boy new enchant... but interesting that it's not compatible with so many! I love the effect!! I suppose the incompatibilities help with not completely overloading our boots with enchantments... idk if we'd be able to apply any more 😅  THE BAT ATTACK HAHAHA LOVE IT imagine you hate the bat noise so much so you just keep a warden as a pet for bat control lol  the walking animation is still pretty goofy in my opinion but I think I'll warm up to it. the roaring animation, though, WOW that's cool. we really are just walkin in its home and makin a racket. no wonder they get angry, they were sleepin!  I think it would be very neat if that "frame" block was not obtainable as an item but can be pushed around by a piston. and if it stays blast resistant, it'll be an awesome, unique, and challenging block to use in contraptions!!!!! it also makes sense that it could be a portal frame but, as others have said, maybe the warden's magic is so old it doesn't work anymore.  The cities are gorgeous and the design is so smart I love it. Mojang continue to wow me.
I think the cities should have an additional mob that does NOT set off the sensors, maybe a silent sculk dog or bat or something, so that they aren’t just empty. I understand that it sells a creepy vibe, but it also just feels a little underwhelming with nothing else in the whole city.  (A “sculk hunter” or “sculk wolf” maybe)
I hope that the Swift sneek enchantment wasn't this "Unique mechanic" that was hinted at. IMO that's not really unique at all.
I hope the warden would have a mechanic that ignores half the protection enchantments of armors making it mandatory to use extremely high enchants before battling it
I'm happy Mojang took their time making the Warden and the Deep Dark. This is so much cooler than the first announcement!
It would be really cool if the warden could sniff potion effects
And I thought the woodland mansion was big
What's with the redstone lamps in the portal room? Do they have skulk sensors on the top so they light up as you're in the room? Because that would be pretty interesting imho
I feel like there is r enough incentive to go there yet
My theory of warden is that he was like an iron golem of deep dark cities but then the pillagers came and killed every citizen of the deep dark but the last citizen told warden to protect the city and from that time hes protecting it from everything coming there
woooohooooooo minecraft 1.19 1st snapshot
Great!
The Statue The Ancient City has looks like a statue of a Warden ,  Is it a portal though? hm
Maybe ancient cities could be like mushroom biomes in that stuff just doesn't spawn there
Minecraft but it’s a horror game
It would be cool if you could tame bats, then release them and distract the warden! It makes the most useless mob have a purpose!
This is what everyone wants the stronghold to be, i hope it gets a rework
9:20 "awwww... get rekt"
Ok **hands down** It’s looks like a portal to the Warden Dimension and who light it was prepared for the wardens, but probably not prepared for the sculk  They even knew how they looked and how they killed/found you so they made many of their city Warden-resistant  But the sculk also came with the warden that probably made their defense against wardens weaker and also told the Warden where they were anywhere and anytime in the world   For some reason this theory I just made remind me of stranger things lol Minecraft x Stranger Things CrossOver? :0 But wardens do be similar to demogordons tho
So far, no video I've watched tested whether or not you can cheese the fight?  The thing is like 3 and a 1/2 blocks tall...  Can you build a 2 block high square over your head and fight it like an Enderman or Wither Skelly?
“Aw get rekt” -Xisuma, 2022
This is pure nightmare material
This is neat and all but some new blocks aside, why visit one. The enchantment it gives as a reward is neat but has limited application. It just seems like something I'd need to go around or build around otherwise and that's not a value add, it's an annoyance.   I appreciate the video break down of course, just posting my thoughts on what we're seeing in this snapshot.
Honestly the chest loop isn’t worth it The only thing that does is just the New enchantment book but that’s it
Test the frame blocks with wither blast?
The "hearing it responding in the distance" is indicated by a sound with the subtitle "Warden advances", where it doesnt summon first time. It took some time for a warden to show up in my experience.
The one thing I think this needs is some kind of sentinel mob that acts like an entity version of the skulk shriekers, so you have to watch to make sure there's none around before you leave the wool safe zones... Hm...
9:10 major PEKKA vibes lmao
this is gonna be epic worth the delay
The Warden’s burrowing animation is just plain adorable.
O no not a bastion situation again
i think the warden should be able to break blocks like it does in animation vs minecraft shorts. it would really make it something to be afraid of.
Can you name tag a warden to prevent it from leaving?
When X said get rekt to that bat, I spat out my drink hahaha
It's* ;-)
Chest loot kinda sucks
Also you can use elytra to avoid making noises since it can generate in huge caves..
I'd love to see what each of the rooms look like isolated, like spawned in with a structure block o  a superflat world, just to get a sense of how big each one is.
I love how the warden is not a monster created by the sculk, but an expansion of it to show it hostilty towards you
really op for making traps you can just spam shriekers in a hole creating wardens but mojang will probably make it impossible to pick up sculk shriekers
I wish we got exciting new enchantments more often. Still holding out hope for Deep Pockets III
I’m wondering if we could see a “Deafen” potion in this update— Giving you a way to temporarily “Blind” the Warden, but also giving way for traps in the cities to make it a lot harder to know where a Warden is, or if you’ve set off one of the shrieker traps.
Feels like Minecraft is moving towards a little bit of a template to tell a story
I'm hype for the new enchantment
There we go, I was wondering when you'd get to it! Unfortunate that you stayed up past midnight to do it, but I think this took most everyone by surprise.
1:59 *BIONICLE Bohrok flashbacks* You wake one, you wake them all... o_o  Edit: Yep, now I'm definitely getting those Bohrok flashbacks with the Warden summoning.
I think the warden and the ancient city should be part of the pathway to get to the end or at least the player should have many reasons to come back to the city.
Another thing I noticed about the ancient cities, some of the structures have skeleton skulls! Meaning there's now alternate ways to get regular skeleton skulls rather than charged creepers.
Chiseled deepslate is the only chiseled block without a mob on it. I think it would be cool if they made a mob that looks like the texture on chiseled deepslate and the thing in the middle of deep dark cities summons it or leads to a dimension with it.
Wardens sometimes jumpscare you. Like in horror movies.
Wardens stronger than the java wither. Not the bedrock wither though
I like how the sounds are similar to Subnautica creatures such as the crabsquid or ghost leviathans. Imo there should be more forms of decorative blocks that take up vertical space (like warped forest vegetation) to fill up the biome as it's obviously pretty flat which hopefully will be fixed up later on.
"Aaawww, it's going after the bats!" *warden kills bat* "Get rekt"
EYYYY
i have a great question and that is dose the spawning of the deep dark blobs, effect the amount of ores in the chunk/
This is great. Amazing Here's a question, If they can add a massive structure like the Deep Dark City's.. then why not update certain structures? I know they said they wanted it to be moderately constructed so lower their builders don't feel demotivated, but.. they added this, and the Piglin Rivines...
once vanilla tweaks adds the warden mob head, there will be plenty of reason to kill it
Yes the warden
I wonder if the loot would be updated to include some more valuables to make city raiding more worth it
"warden takes notice angrily" 😂
Something to note is that you can get mending books from the chests down there! ive found multiple of them, very worth taking a look if you are still in the mid to late game.
Can't believe you missed talking about the skeleton heads @15:27
Final someone hate bat
Oh the pinky pain from sneaking for too long will be marvelous
Please keep the reinforced Deepslate like this Mojang! It has **so** much late game potential
bats now have a use!
I can already hear the screams of lost hardcore worlds
The fact there is naturally occurring basalt which only spawns in nether gives heavy credence to the idea that the structure is some kind of portal.
what happens if you turn on the four pillars?
Why do I hear boss music?
they're all so amazing, i really hope they add a drop for the warden, being something completely cosmetic similar to the dungeon guardian from terraria, and i think they could make the warden not instakill us most of the time, seems like a really harsh punishment for something not that hard to commit and i can see conflicts that there will be with other mobs like bats already shown and hostile mobs, they will either distract the warden forever or make it impossible to avoid the warden, maybe the warden could ignore and they could also be scared of the warden and sculk blocks, and if they want to add a regular hostile mob type threat for the sculk biomes maybe they could add a new mob for them like a zombie covered in sculk that can spawn whenever we stand on a sculk block
I can't wait to see the redstone shenanigans that result from the "portal" blocks!
Omg, I want that to be a portal so bad
👀
Give this man a healthbar
The warden going after the bat reminded me of pekkas from clash of clans😂😂
So, who wants to start taking bets on which hermit will manage to extract the invulnerable ancient city blocks for one of their builds?
now I hope wardens dont atk bats and if it hears bats the warden will just stay near it and chase it around but not atk it
this is insane
No way that thing cant be a portal. A portal to a sky dimension would be a cool contrast, dont you think? You have the deep dark, then the... high light.
i want bigger blobs, a smaller dark dark, the deep dark below y=0, torches burn out, all fire is soul fire, the warden can’t die and the warden doesn’t attack bats and other cave mobs
I can already see Docm77 making that into a real portal using his black magic like he did in Season 8
The lore implications of the ancient cities and especially the "ancient gateways" are going to be AWESOME
wonder how much damage the Warden does to a player on Easy with max prot 4 Netherite armor
loot is really underwhelming
Bah, another Boots enchantment. Really wish they had put Swift Sneak onto the Legs, since it and the Chestpiece have no exclusive enchantments while the Helmet's at 2 and this makes 5 all for Boots, with now 3 being mutually exclusive (Depth Strider, Swift Sneak, Frost Walker) and Soul Speed not being one you'd always want on due to the durability decreasing. I can understand not giving the chestpiece anything much since that's the Elytra slot, but with Swift Sneak and Depth Strider being exclusive it's going to be a hard choice on which you want as a default.
According to kingbdogz in his tweets, he said he wanted to make it so its very worth it to go to the deep dark. He wanted loot that won't be too powerful, yet change game experience. He also tweeted that the idea of Swift Sneak is so that it'll be faster to go around grabbing more loot from other ancient cities.  This means that the loot won't be final, but hopefully there'll be some more interesting stuff other than sneaking faster.
I feel like I'll be killed faster than that bat
Man as cool as this was it wasn't what I expected. The warden was delayed so much and i really was hoping that it would have more pizzazz, more content ya know. To me it is a bit underwhelming and i was hoping for more. The Cities are cool in all but besides the actual skulk for farm n stuff for me their isn't much reason to go there besides to die. I hope they change it to where there is either more content and more of a reason to go and explore the deep dark but if not, Count me out. Just my opinion though look great.
You can also find a structure within the ancient city that has a skeleton skull in it
oooh the Deep Dark City is going to have a fun lotr mines of moria vibe i think if you stumble into it, i kinda like it but god i would never have the courage to go there in a survival mode game, i'm a loser and i'd be too afraid of the warden :P
Time to wait for the next MatPat video
matpat is gonna have a field day with this update
hardcore is gonna be a pain
But in bedrock not released
The ancient cities remind me of the nether fortresses and bastions, and given the portal-like structure in the middle, they were probably created by the same civilization. I belive that the ancient people built the cities, then accidentally released the Warden upon themselves in their hubris, and many of them died there, hence the presence of sculk. Those who did survive built the carpeted walkways to keep guard and prevent the sculk from spreading and the Warden from escaping. The rest fled to the sea, where their monuments flooded and were taken over by Guardians; to the Nether, where they slowly corrupted and became the Piglins; or to the End, where they underwent the most drastic transformation, and were warped into the Endermen. Some never made it to any of those places, and died on the surface, becoming zombies and skeletons, cursed like the rest of their civilization, doomed to fail and fall to ruin no matter where they go.
This feels like a ton of difficulty progression without much power progression. It makes sense if that’s what Mojang wants, but it feels like it’s not really worth it to explore the cities. I think we need new strong items to get from this
The warden can climb
I love the subtle lore that this civilisation clearly padded every coridoor, and encased their walkways as to minimise noise and not summon The Warden
I noticed that the frame block texture looks simmaler to the Wardens "spine".
Swift sneak should be a legging enchantment, boots and hats get to much love
my theory is that the warden guards the portal because i think a long time ago something came out of it destroyed parts of the cities and killed everyone there. but before it could get above ground the wardens killed it and sealed the portal hence this is why they try to kill the player when they enter the cities. but thats just a theory, A GAME THEORY!
Cub killed it with lava
It’s GOT to be a portal, if not, what??? It’s called “mysterious frame”, all portals in minecraft have “frames” there’s no doubt in my mind it’s a portal “frame”, if I had to speculate it could be to the soul dimension, or the picket dimension the enderman travel through. “Mysterious frame” is just tooo suggestive of a portal that I don’t know what I could be if it’s not. And somthing as big as a new dimension would be kept secret for sure becuase of how massive that sort of news would be. In an interview with Mojang, they were asked “why is the warden called the warden” and they said we’d just have to find out. I would speculate the warden is the warden of trapped souls, however it could very well be the warden of the new dimension. In the early designs of the warden they even used the end portal texture as part of the warden itself... coincidence? I think NOT!!! Lmk what you guys think!
why did this have to drop the same day as Horizon Forbidden West >.<'
The only thing I find lackluster is if the ancient cities have nothing worth looting like most chests in Minecraft. Hard to be excited about adventuring in Minecraft when there is little to no reward for doing so. Especially with how easy it is to enchant strong items anyway or just mine/farm resources. I am 50-50 on the idea of no mobs except the Warden. It is a really cool idea for certain uses but if it is meant to be a challenge, then mobs would be nice. So either way can be good. All the rest of this is pretty awesome unless they have the Warden be able to be cheese-killed really easily by something.
I wouldn’t mind if, instead of killing them, the warden played with the smaller creatures like bats, bunnies, axolotls, etc…  Obviously, it would be a incredibly rare occurrence for a warden to encounter any of these creatures. However, I think it would be a nice Easter egg instead of just oneshoting them into oblivion.  Also: wouldn’t it be interesting if the ancient city portal led to the Aether. Kinda like a really low thing leading to a really high thing
15:10 Those are wool walls! **excited Zedaph voice**
Wardens are basically cats •́  ‿ ,•̀
And new enchantments will affect the new minecraft video that will show how fast we'll sneak if the enchant level is on the max
The animation for the warden digging into the ground is adorable
Aww get rekt
Imagine if it was a portal to a void dimension where light gets absorbed down there after a few minutes. And it's so dark that even a powerful light source down there would barely be enough to see anything. This would be great to make a dimension terrifying to travel trough as you never know what kind of terrifying mobs you could stumble upon down there.
I really hope we get a another dimension.
I do hope it IS a portal to a new dimension though, I think that would be cool to see another dimension besides the Nether and the End dimensions
With the properties of that new "portal block" I can't help but think it will be a new interdimensional portal at some point.
Why not make Swift Sneak an enchantment for pants? We need more pants enchantments!
I wonder if the ancient cities will take the place of strongholds, and the portal frame will lead to the end.
The "portal" has the blocks that I really love the look of it
No frogs.. I'll pass on this snapshot.
And everyone is always complaining about how bats have no uses. Now they make great bait! 😏
Its really cool how they gave cave bats a use as a distraction! Thats really neat, and really cool too.  Its silly in fullbright, but I think seeing that thing stomp around in the darkness like that could easily freak someone out.
I love the design of the cities, but i feel like they should lessen the amount of wool in the narrow hallways. Instead of it taking up the entire floor, have it spawn with some patches of deepslate too so the player will have to lightly parkour their way around and risk detection, so it wont be a 100% safe zone
You have to be my favorite minecraft update reviewer. Unlike most, you actually know what you're talking about and you're not overwhelmingly cringeworthy.
You seeamed really happy this video! Keep playing the guitar! that was awsome and apparently actually does make your mood better
I think the portal looks like Wumpus from discord lol
Warden: *makes bat ded*  Xisuma: HA get rekt
i hope that portal frame lead to aether in 1.20 :v
Finally
Omg!!! Please let Mojang keep that mechanic!!! Finally the bats have a purpose! :)
thats 10000% a portal. its literally called mysterious "frame" as in portal frame like cmon it would be such a cool surprixe if mojang just went "hey look a new dimension have fun" just out of the blue the comunity would go craaaazyyyyy and the popularity of the game would go soaring. i want it to be a portal
Man hearing Xisuma talkin about the bats and laughing after the video of him in his full skull attire is kind of crazy
the wardens animation feels to smooth to fit in with the game
None of that loot is worth going in for. It's one enchantment book, some bones, some snowballs, some farmable blocks.  But... all of that loot seems geared towards getting you _through_ the structure.  Which makes me think, that is _definitely_ a portal. Why would they have you not focus on the structure itself, and instead give you loot that specifically lets you get closer and closer to the portal?
Frankly, given what it is, I would much prefer a somewhat bigger payoff for exploring one of these places than there is, such as that structure actually being a portal to a new dimension.   It really does feel to me that the structure being a portal to some future content is a goal.   The option is VERY open for that and it seems like the blocks themselves are tailor made to be something like that.   While they do nothing now but be blast resistant, considering the fact that they aren't havestable, or craftable really speaks to me that they have some intention for these structures in the future.   And I suspect that the "Bigger payoff" of which I hope for will be coming in a future update, centering on that structure.   They also probably turned off mob spawning in these biomes because with mobs walking around all over, they were probably triggering the skulk sensors and screamers.  And I'll bet that they want that feature in there for players to build sensors that detect mob movements as well as player movements.
i'm going to try to avoid these videos until the full release so i can be surprised, but i'll watch these after :)
Some speculation: maybe the "portals" aren't portals to a new dimension, but a portal between the cities (kinda like Subnautica, if you've played that)
Test the "portal" blocks against a wither spawning, maybe we don’t need to make wither farms in certain areas now
i dont like how "smooth" the animations are, they dont really fit that well with the rest of the game, besides that amazing mob and i cant wait to see it in the game
I assume it's an AI bug but the warden can't attack anything standing as low as two blocks higher than it, and also like with the Endermen it can't hit you with a block immediately over your head.
That golem fight at the beginning is brilliant!
I feel like they should make it so that only the levelless enchants (mending, infinity etc.) should spawn in the city
The warden deserves a great drop like the wither has!
Honestly the whole way it spawns in blobs is pretty unattractive and problematic. Considering how easy it is to summon a warden, with these things in random ugly blobs everywhere, it needs to be changed to a system that generates more like the lush caves do, in concentrated more spread out areas.
I never realised the Warden is gonna be a common mob that can spawn if the shrieker is activated. Thought it was going to be an uncommon where it'll spawn in the deep dark City. Not sure how I feel about that. But I guess we'll have a new dimension to explore in later Minecraft update. But I'm pretty sure we won't. What dimension should be introduced next cause I don't think we need a Nether 2.0.
Personally i think that there needs to be something more interesting in the loot table of the chests. I mean if you have full netherite armour and are fully prepared to die down in the deep dark, you’re telling me that the best thing you can get in the chests is simply a new enchantment that allows you to walk faster while you sneak? I feel like there has to be something more worthwhile down in the deep dark other than a new enchantment that’s not even compatible with most other boot enchantments, just my opinion tho.
I swear, the warden is the coolest mob they have introduced. It has so many animations, unlike any other mob. It feels modern but really "Minecrafty" at the same time. Absolutely amazing job by the devs. I cannot begin to imagine the work that went into it both in the animations and ai department as well as in the balancing. Seriously it must be a nightmare trying to find a balance so that while hard and interesting, it isn't annoying for new and casual players to deal with. Could go on and on about it really, I'm just amazed.
I did some testing, and there are radiuses assigned for how the shrieker works. The screenshot is here: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1va7rk76lppEIqZXZNlapQO-kMYsCH_ng/view?usp=sharing
whats the difference between blindness and darkness, besides the pulsing effect for the darkness
I'm surprised Xisuma didn't use pick block to check the new block's name and id. According to the wiki, it's "Reinforced Deepslate"
“Aweee get wrecked”
There have been Tweets coming out from devs saying things like "I am working on a feature you guys are REALLY going to like". I expect it must be a feature that has been asked for by the players for a long time. Couple that with the "portal" in the middle of the Deep Dark and I wonder if we might finally be seeing the introduction of the Aether?
The warden should drop a whole lot of xp because they use xp to expand that biome
The "Get wrecked" sent me 🤣
I actually love this new experimental snapshot!! Usually when a new snapshot comes out I'm quite annoyed with something in it and I rant about it for a while but this snapshot is so creative! I love the rarity of the cities and the novelty of the new blocks. My only (tiny) complain is that if you ask me, the swift sneak enchantment should have more levels and the way you get it should be somewhat different to the way you get soul speed. Great enchantment though, especially because it's incompatible with many other enchantments so you'll have to pick and choose.
it's really good to know about the effect slider and that darkness works with night vision, however I have to ask, can villagers trade swift sneak?
I really hope it casually spreads but the spreading is sped up by killing mobs
It might be a portal that we don't get to access in game but we might see were it goes in some expanded universe stuff.
How did the ancient builders get their hands on soul sand lanterns?
I really like the idea of random hostile mobs passing through and activating the warden, leading them to get killed to maybe grow the skulk without you needing to attack them. But since mobs not killed by players won't drop any experiences, perhaps the warden can store it in them so that when they actually got killed by players who are prepared, it can give tons of experiences collected. It's probably a bad idea considering the warden despawns after a few minutes...
The frame block immediately made me think of survival prisons, like that one Technoblade broke out of
Somebody hit the warden with a speed 2 potion.  I wanna see that guy really take off sprinting.
Would be cool if they could change the deep dark blotches to look more like a neuron linkage, having strands connecting to each other, that would complete thew look
Maybe the warden came from the ancient portals, and along is the skulks and shriekers infected the world.
im excited to see where they go with this
I hope Mojang enables a way to "disable" Shriekers so they don't summon a Warden as those blocks would be awesome to use in a haunted house build!
The wardens are supposed to be scary, mean, and huge (well i mean they are when you see one) But in display entertainment they seem like happy brothers and sisters, its cute
From what can tell, the first time you activate a sculk shrieker in a world, a warden won’t come, and one will only be summoned after sculk shriekers are activated enough.  However, after one warden is summoned, sculk shriekers will always instantly summon wardens first try.  The only way to stop this for the player to die, which resets the cycle.  This is mostly likely a bug, though I hope someone will somehow be able to make a datapack that fixes this.
I think the portal could instead of opening a dimension you can enter, a “Giga Warden” of sorts could exit which has sneaking elements but does involve fighting. Also does the lantern have sensors to automatically turn on?
I think the frame IS a portal, but not to another dimension, it’s fast travel. Instantly travel from one ancient portal to another, however you require endgame gear to make them yourself.
I already see the multiplayer shenanigans possible with the new blast proof block. With beacons and enchantments obsidian can be mined relatively fast now so i am excited for the new block. That alone is good enough loot for me to visit an ancient city!
Is reinforced deepslate wither proof?
Is there a dripstone variant of the lapis oreblock at 1:35? It would be awsome if we had the ores in more varieties then just stone and deepslate ^^
Outside of the swift sneak & new blocks in that area, the loot table for the chest seems...low. the swift sneak is great for building and that specific area, but I'll be waiting to see if there is a portal or something. I imagine that may come in the following update?
the warden goes after the bats just the pekka from clash goes after butterflies omg
Finally, a use for bats
Thanks. Very interesting video!!!
There is a structure called "small_portal_statue" which resembles a tiny version of the center structure when you load it in, so whether or not it will ever work as one it is safe to say that the structure in the center of the city is indeed a portal
There was a minor change to the skulk sensor: It now produces a signal if you step on it, regardless of whether you're sneaking.
It would be so cute if they made it so the warden wouldn't attack bats but let them rest on their heads
Thanks for staying up for us X! Your snapshot videos are always so insightful & elaborate. Thank you for the content as always. Get some zzzz's 💜
Me in Europe rn I dotn need sleep I need warden
rn u can easy outplay the warden, just build a few blocks
The loot table is really disappointing considering risk for reward..
Makes sense for no mobs to spawn down there. Would be really frustrating to sneak around only for the shrieker to get set off from some random mob.
it takes 47 hits with a unenchanted netherite sword to kill the warden
I'll be honest, I don't like these new mobs. they don't seem Minecrafty with the new animations. Am I the only 1 thinking this?
Is anyone else kind of sad because of how much old minecraft is getting changed? im very happy about the updates but sometimes its just not feeling like minecraft anymore.
Basically, this is worthless to me because depth strider is WAY better than speedy crouching.  Not to mention, I'm not a redstone person so...
Can charged wither skulls break it
I hope in future snapshots they add something interesting because so far there's nothing interesting about it. travel thousands of blocks to just look at a structure and normal loot
I thought the deep dark was gonna be a very small biome with the purpose of just housing the new blocks and the warden. But holy cow this is like a stronghold
So what's the point of going into this new area? To get an enhancement that helps you walk easier on it? The loot isn't that rewarding compare to the danger it provided.
"why go on a trouble of fighting a monster if you can just have them fight each other"   -Blue Demon
From minute 9:03 to minute 9:24 you can really hear a purely joyful Xisuma
9:03 Etho's gonna love this
If the key is not to try to kill the warden but try to avoid it as much as possible. I have one question.  *Can we boat warden?*
I think it would be cool if the warden dropped an item that could be crafted into personal xp storage that you could take off of yourself and other mobs and keep it in one container
if season 9 starts when 1.19 hits full release I can just see one of the hermits (grian probably) going after one of these ancient cities almost at day 1 just so he can renovate the place and build out a full city down there. I also think that the warden should have a drop table all its own like maybe it drops its heart or something. purpose? don't know.
Looks like I'll be changing the topic of my video this weekend.
The warden is too op
Really nice to hear you enjoying yourself more in this one!
Xisuma's reaction to the warden chasing the bat is just the best!!! 🤣
i honestly assumed mojang wouldn't put the warden in snapshots because they wanted the warden to stay mysterious lol
YES. JUST YES XD
Say, for your next myth busting video, how about a swiftsneak speed test? You could compare 5 tests against each other: Normal sneak and normal walking, just for a baseline of normal speeds, and then Swiftsneak I, Swiftsneak II, and Swiftsneak III.
Minecraft is a horror game...
That skulk spread animation is next levelllll.
Perfect timing
Hermit craft tomorow
Update 1.19: Bats are given a use.
Setting up a farm for the warden is actually pretty easy!!
Could you view from the wardens eyes in spectator mode?
Finally ^^
WOOO YEAH BABYY THATS WHAT WEVE BEEN WAITING FOR
9:03 OMG THATS SO CUTEE!! Im imagining lots of fanart about the "wholesome" relationship of bats and warden. Its like a kid trying to catch a butterfly 😂
maybe it´s a new kind of end portal
Do snowballs work to distract him?
10:39  No, I didn't hear that because your game volume is super low compared to your voice. As a matter of fact this is the case for the entire video, and there is so much talking, I can't hear any of what the new content sounds like. I understand the commentary is essential for explaining said content, but it would also be really nice if there was a portion of the video specifically for hearing what all this new stuff sounds like.  Besides that, very informative video.
That enchantment might be really useful for mapmaking
the warden going after bats reminds me of pekkas in coc going after butterflys, they should 100% keep this a feature
As much as I enjoy seeing updates in video form, this does seem like something that would have been amazing to discover naturally while playing. Could be as amazing as the first time I dug down far enough to find redstone and lapis so many years ago
I want you to be able to collect those blocks somehow (maybe requires a netherite pickaxe) and then you can make portals with it. Instead of going to a different dimension, have it act like a teleporter you can build in your base and link up with somewhere else in the same dimension. It's not like fast travel isn't already an option with elytras. It'll be cool to link bases without needing a nether up using ice roads and boats
How do I play it
Keep on keeping on x im a big fan.
seedbridging will never be the same
My hope is that they make the warden need to come up from sculk blocks and/or sculk veins, i'd really love to use the darkness effect to add a mood to an evil lair or something, but if the warden can just spawn on any ol' blocks it makes the shrieker _only_ usable as it's naturally spawned purpose, that being to spawn the warden
I love swift sneak
What about a wither? Can that Reinforced block contain a hard mode wither?
Minecraft is slowly getting more "ancient fallen socialization" lore with the added twist that the few survivors left have adapted to there environments over 1000s of years.
I think the warden shouldn't have quite that much health. How does that compare to the health of a boss mob, like the wither or ender dragon? I also think it should definitely drop something interesting, hopefully related to the portal's activation
Tango is probably drooling rn
i think it would be nice if you could find gear and valuables like you do in end cities as well
I'm gonna kill the warden :P
I don't know, I would have preferred like a horde of enemies protecting these ancient cities instead of one big indestructible monster. Wither skeletons would have been great for this, on horses for example. Something that you can fight, instead of just hiding away and hoping the Warden doesn't hear you and one shot you dead. But Minecraft developers have been killing it the past few years with these great updates, so I have confidence they will make it good
The warden's weakness should be poisonous potatoes. I think that would be really funny
java stopped working for windows 11, and im pissed!!!
Actually the first time I loaded up this snapshot, it took 3 skulk shrieks for the warden to spawn, the first two times you hear it's footsteps and roars getting closer and closer
Amazing! So excited to see this in the full release!
Exciting and terrifying!! Great vid X!
Kinda lame how they hyped up a worthwhile reward from the ancient cities but now they just have a mediocre enchantment
Fun fact: It takes exactly 46 *critical* hits with a sharpness 5 Netherite sword to kill the Warden. I counted myself.
Hear me out, what if it is a portal, but not to another dimension, but another ancient city
i mean it kind of is a good ways away cause the first world i generated had it at -2672 --- -640. it's not always gonna be super far away but still a good journey to find one. than again you have to dig around to get to one so it's all on luck.
I have a deep dark that spawned at 60 900. Nice!
What happens if you kill the ender dragon next to a sculk catalyst?
Whaaaaaaaat.. the FUCK??? I'm gonna have nightmares about the warden, now...
I really like the deep dark but 2 things. 1, I'm worried about mobs setting the shriekers off and awaking the warden making it really difficult to avoid the warden and 2, the loot tables in these ancient city chest feels a bit underwhelming and should increase the loot value. Like the end cities are difficult to go through but the loot value is very high and is often worth getting the loot.
Absolutely loving the new enchantment
it seems to me, that the whole structures were built with avoiding the warden in mind. from a lore standpoint i  mean
10:05 that warden just called an assist!
The Warden and the deep dark: “this isn’t even my final form”
17:46
I think it would be better if the Warden only appeared from and disappeared into skulk blocks. It's a bit silly having it emerge from solid stone, but if it came from the skulk blocks, that would be more believable.  Also, under the "portal" is soul fire. Which is interesting that you'll be able to get soul sand/soil without going to the nether.
i would hope the portal goes somewhere else it seems kinda pointless lol
The two newest enchantments are for boots?  Really. Soul speed and swift sneak. Also latest in 3 updates. But incompatible with even depth strider?
“this massive cavernous cave!” ah yes, this floor is made of floor
Skulk stuff should only spawn under Y-0 makes more sense dark stuff deep underground
9:03  The bat could be useful as a distraction for the Warden, while you raid the city
As a reference point, the warden has 500 hit points, the wither has 300 (in java), and the ender dragon has 200 hit points. In short, the warden is a tanky boi
Those four pillars out front with the redstone lamps are just begging to get powered. It would be a cool feature if that is what activated the "portal".
09:04 maybe it will be the first thing i do when i update to 1.19.  I've always been afraid of the warden because of the power and effects on player.   But seeing the warden playing chase with some mobs looks like it's going to be cute
I don't know how I haven't seen anyone talk about the fact that the ancient city looks ABSOLUTELY INSANE
Awesome Video!
For an experimental snapshot, this looks really fleshed out
welp time to click a warden 500 times
swift sneak is going to be very useful in building
I think the portals will be like in Subnautica where you can go between them, not a new dimension.
so if its sniffing, does that mean theres some scent component at play?  I thought it was all audio.  like if we stand still and hold a flower, will it sniff and find us?
Why don't Mojang just make the Warden invincible? It's designed to be impossible to kill without cheese, anyway. And in the current state you can still cheese it a dozen ways, so _something_ needs to change, it begs the question why they don't just make it literally impossible, instead of trying and failing to make it practically impossible.
I'm fairly sure Mojang's confirmed that mobs don't spawn in the ancient cities.
Time and time again I'm stunned by the amazingness of mojang.
This is why i didnt mind them delaying the deep dark cause its adding alot more than what it would of.
*bats* : exists Warden: *"our battle will be legendary"*
The way the Warden comes out from the ground is so scary! I really like the upcoming features but I feel like I'm never gonna step in a cave ever again ç_ç
warden hitting player: *dabs*
Why does the ancient city remind me of Tango's Decked Out?  Replace the ravagers with the warden.  Replace the "klank" mechanic with the skulk/shrieker mechanic.
Cubfan used lava to kill the warden.
Cool
I'm really liking this, but I worry it could be all there is to the Deep Dark, since Mojang often releases a feature, tweaks some cosmetics and moves on, and that'd be a shame
Tango's deaked out season 2 will be SICK
2 things i want to say 1. i know your not supposed to kill the warden but i feel it would be nice if you got something for killing it even if it has no purpose just as a trophy like a warden horn or something and 2. i think the ancient city and the rienenforced deepslate could become a replacement for stronghold's withe the warden face looking thing becoming the new portal to the end
I don't see i really need/want to go to the city so far. For the average player. Other then the redstone potential seams avoid able. i hope it gets better.
Congratulations java players
Really look forward for this update
It seems like the blocks on the 'portal' that can't be picked up need a material stronger than netherite, as they still can be mined but take longer.
Okay... so you're never going to see these then. You already NEVER see woodland mansions without a map, and those are on the SURFACE. These don't have maps, and are in caves.  The fact that you can turn down the darkness effect makes it useless. Yet another case of Mojang sacrificing gameplay for accessibility. Sure it might help a couple thousand people... but it makes it an objectively worse experience for the other several million. The fact that you can choose to leave it on is irrelevant. Everyone will turn it off given the option.  On top of that there seems to be next to no loot in these structures. Why would you need swift sneak if they're found in the ONLY place you'd actually need it? I can tell this enchantment will get next to no use similarly to soulspeed.  Great job! More mobs and blocks that add nothing to the game at all! Only thing of actual substance here is the skulk sensor which has been finished for a year now.
My theory about the “portal” is that it WAS a portal, but it’s so ancient, all of its innate magic is gone, never to be used again.
Never clicked on a video so fast
Finally! Bats are useful for something! (other than being a nuisance)
When the changelog says, "it takes time for the warden to arrive" its referring to sounds that are heard after the shrieker activates. If you have subtitles on, you will see that various responses are being made by the warden such as, "warden advances" or, "warden whines." Once the warden "advances" enough (usually after activating a shrieker three times), it emerges. Although I don't if it is a bug or not, but the advancing only works once after you respawn, afterwards the warden usually gets spawned immediately.
I feel like the reinforced deepslate might not be supposed to be moveable, the same thing happened with crying obsidian when it was first introduced
I wonder if standing in water affects the warden’s ability to sniff you. Could make those random pools safe havens until he leaves
It took wattles 46 crits with an unenchanted netherite sword to kill the warden…
I love how x got so excited for the warden attacking the bat
9:03 ok the Warden is the scariest and cutest mob to ever exist.
what if you could light the "portal" somehow but instead of it opening up to a new dimension it brought the dimension to the overworld much like the nether reactor did back in the old mobile days. it could be some special challenge like a chaos mode of the deep dark idk but whatever they do will be so cool!! :D
I think what lends to the dimension theory is that the frame blocks are rather hard to destroy. Not impossible, but nothing you can do on accident, much like the End portal.   Also I can definitly see why it was delayed if a whole new dimension was added into the mix.
Damn. Warden is completely blind is similar to Shattered Roxy in Five Nights at Freddy: Security Breach.
Mojang's really stepping it up. I just love imagining 6 year old me coming across one of the Deep Dark cities and coming out scarred for life.
All I can say is... FINALLLLLY!!!!!!!
if they are not adding any unique loot, I feel like they should at least add Enchanted Golden apple there with a slight increase of chance to get it than any other structures
Loot table is ass though
I guess, and I would hope, that the portal strucure-like open a portal to the aether dimension.
is this for bedrock or java
It would be really cool and interesting if any torch or other light source placed in a deep dark biome would have their illumination area reduced by 50%
Damn that spawn animation is amazing, really unlike anything else in the game. I'm all for it.
2:30 - Hmm... If I'm being honest, I'd personally think it'd be better if the Sculk/Deep Dark was less common and more hidden or concealed. I feel as if because it being so easy to find and so high on the y-level, finding it wouldn't be really all that special, and it would probably be somewhat disappointing. I feel like making it generate more deeper and having it be more hidden away would make the biome feel more interesting and exciting, like you've just stumbled into something you probably shouldn't have. Overall, my main critique, a bit too easy to find, name it harder and more concealed away.
minecraft just became a horror game
Take me down to the ancient city Where the warden’s mad and the skulks are many
The reason for the lack of mobs in the Ancient City was once before stated. No soul exists in the Deep Dark, except the one consumed by it.
I was waiting for a long time for the video!  Worth it!
I'm actually surprised that you didn't spectate the view or the Warden to see how it sees. Great informative video kutgw.
yyeeaaAAAAAA
I think the warden shouldn't attack the bat since the bat is kinda similar to the warden in which it uses sound to navigate
Everything is coming together and it looks so cool! One thing i do wonder about is what is going to make going to the deep dark biomes worth the danger. I guess getting the skulk blocks would be one of them, but what if you aren't interested in those? I would worry about accidentally stumbling upon a spot of deep dark while caving, and dying to the warden when I wasn't even trying to find it.
FI NAL LY
Feel like its really weird that the warden can spawn outside of the ancient cities. Hopefully that won't be the case in the full snapshots, not much of a warden if it isn't guarding anything! Hopefully the "Portals" are ways to travel between each other as opposed to a new dimension.
It's cool that the deep dark cities have been added, but the one thing that's been forgotten about is that small structure in the minecraft live video where the warden was first introduced
I just got java to work because of account migration and I was playing around with this and I LOVED it!
For the most part I like the direction that the deep dark and related features is going. The sound design is amazing, the blocks look good and with new uses. The warden being very animated is something I was not expecting but wholeheartedly welcome to the game as I think all the animations of the game are stiff. I still have one major issue with the warden and that’s it’s design, to me it looks really goofy which conflicts with the deep dark’s gloomy and dark aesthetic.
Yeah im seeing a horror map already
So what is the incentive to explore the Ancient City? I’m gonna assume in a later update something will be added.
Just saw also il mango's video and discovered that the reinforced deepslate is unbreakable by the wither, so it would be a perfect wither cage
I wonder, can't you just cheese the warden by pillaring up and putting lava down? 🤔
Ima make my prediction now. I believe that the portal looking structure will be like a underground conduit.
This would be better if it spawn below 0
the deep dark will be good to make a mob farm since no mobs spawn in it!
i wonder which hermit is gonna be the one to make a base out of the city with the warden being a pet
the bat and the warden are bestfriends and no one can tell me otherwise.
I think it would be awesome if they had another deep dark specific mob that doesn't need set off like the warden does
To all the Java people complaining about bedrock getting goats, frogs, frog lights, and sculk blocks first, you no longer have the right to complain      This is a joke don't murder me java people
Yesss! It's here! :D
This is AWESOME!! I was all over the deep dark cities when they were announced and I am thrilled they are in the game now, but I have some feedback about the deep dark, one I think there should be a level where the ground is almost entirely sculk instead of the patches, I also think the patches should generate lower maybe at diamond level, next I think they should be like small veins of sculk that then go into bigger patches, and then it should be an entire trail to go into the full deep dark. Also I think the cities should have a LOT more sculk in them to get the very overgrown look, maybe it could be much larger patches but other than that it is looking good so far, and I think the warden is PERFECT.  Edit: can someone put this on the Minecraft feedback page I would really appreciate it.😁
I think the no mobs in the cities is intentional because then they'd keep setting off the shriekers and spawning the Wardens in spots where you probably wouldn't like them to
I hope they add a function to whatever that portal structure is in future snapshots, it would be a shame if it was just decoration
9:03 the quality of life omg
I really love the look of the city but for the moment it just seems like a really big risk to explore it. I hope the finished version has something worthwhile to go after.
The warden worst enemy the bat
You should try eggs against the warden instead of snowballs. Chance for a chicken to spawn = extra distraction
I wonder what those new blocks will be used for, they are so unique it has to be something cool
oh god the warden is going to kill us- *oh no*
A frame of practically indestructible blocks in the middle of a city infested with alien looking things, it HAS to be a portal
'oohh get wrecked'  i laughed, sorry
We'll definitely need a structure/end update- I mean, compare the ancient city to the stronghold...
Looking forward to getting my hands on this!
The speed sneak got me so excited and then immediately killed all that excitement with the fact that you can't combine it with soulspeed and depthstrider
The animation of the warden spawning is simply INCREDIBLE wtf. I'm so glad they took their time to do this.
I am really excited for ancient city and deep dark as it shouldn’t have any hostile mob other then the warden so by removing all skulk it would be the only completely pacified cave biome
I like that sneaking enchantment it’s nice seeing mojang listening to feedback
Can't wait to definitely not summon one or two of the wardens in a survival game with friends where I definitely don't have access to commands
YOOOOOOOOOOO Theres Naturally Spawning Skeleton Skulls In There!!! Thats So Cool!!!
Swift Sneak with Feather Falling would be so useful for builders like us. Especially when building up high. It takes a while to scaffold horizontally while sneaking. Swift Sneak would make that quicker.
Yeah
We need a efficiency just for deep slate
I was here
Definitely feel like the loot table for the chest needs to be buffed
How it walks is adorable and frightening, it's like a big toddler wearing a costume.
How many blocks get converted when you kill the ender dragon?
You are so lucky I’m sad I can’t play with the warden I’m more excited for the warden then frogs I want this on bedrock
YES WARDEN
Its so sad that the crazy lighting effects when you have nightvision and darkness don’t exist anymore, i was really looking forward to using that
I do wish the skulk blobs were connected like a trail or tendril of skulky horror
ty for this video
Mojang has been killing it with sound design for the last few updates, but this stuff REALLY takes the cake!
The redstone lamps dont look good id say
Didn't they say something about the Warden still being able to attack you even if you block up?
I think it would be great to see an interaction between the warden and bats
YES YES YES YES YES YES
Sooooooo much death by warden coming in season 9. Once Tango gets these guys loose in Decked Out 2.0 no one is safe.
Poor bat lol
Yes!
Seeing the warden chasing that bat made it seem a lot less scary
Things Very Scary 😱😨😱😨
Surprise! Defeat the warden and the ancient frame turns into a portal to the Aether dimension! ...I wish. A man can dream.
So the best bar counter is now the warden
my god, that warden spawn animation is downright terrifying. it looks like a creature taken straight out of an animated horror film when it does that.
I am so stinking excited for this update!
14:14 I timed it myself, it seems like it takes about 82 seconds to mine one block, and tools (and therefore efficiency) do not affect mining speed. Honestly I feel like they're going to patch out the ability to move it with pistons, that seems WAY too overpowered.
HERMITCRAFT 9 STARTS FEB 19 THIS SATURDAY!!!!
Love the swift sneak! That gonna be amazing even outside the cities!  As for the blocks and stuff I love the way the work as is and storing xP is very useful as well :)   I’m just excited for this to finally be released
hi nice!
Surely they’ll change the spawning of the deep dark to the… deeper part of the world? Above sea level is a little strange, lol
this has got to be my favorite snapshot video by far, dude. this is great
I just watched Wattles take on the snapshot, and I'm now watching your video Xisumavoid, and I must say, the joy of watching these minecraft you tubers that show the content is amazing, keep up the hard work showing these snapshots 👍
When setting off shriekers above ground, it takes a few time before a warden comes.
It’s like a horror game in minecraft!!
finaly
WOW! So exiting! Great job X.
I enjoyed messing around with the Warden
8:58 Based off the changelog, swift sneak 3 should have sneaking speed be the same as walking (similar to how with depth strider 3 you walk underwater as fast as you would on land) Also you might actually be able to sneak at a sprinting speed since I believe if you sprint before sneaking you go faster than you would normally sneak at
from my experience, the shriekers will shriek 3 times, then the warden will spawn. After the warden leaves, 1 shriek will spawn it.
YES LETS GOOOOOOOO
I just need the original twitchy sculk sensor 😔
This is very exciting!
Thanks for the info!  Cheers!
LETS GOOOOO
Finally it's here! Thanks a lot for covering this snapshot, the Warden looks pretty scary :-)
Let’s go! Warden in Minecraft!! This is a huge day. I can’t wait to see what Mojang is gonna do with the warden and the deep dark down the road.
Its been a while since I've stayed up past midnight making a video! Hope you enjoy it, 1.19 will be a very exciting update :-)
Can’t wait to try this out for myself!
Reinforced Deepslate? Unbreakable? In a frame?  Hmm... You know what else is unbreakable and in a frame?  End portal blocks!  It has to be a portal, ohoho I could imagine MatPat coming up with theories of this,   The secret ancient civilization of deep dark cities are unknown towards those who are above (Villagers, Pillagers) because they are crazy for powers, they decided to summon the ancient guardian The Warden to protect them. One day, a sculk attached to it, infecting it like that game where fungus attached to human, makes them blind, turning it into a zombie, but we can't say the name of the game for obvious reasons. Instead of protecting them it goes on rampage and forced the ancient civilization to build a one way portal that can only be activated once to prevent anyone, not even a single life form to know their existence and secrets...
X I Suma Void, tread carefully.
WHAAA it is 2:35 for me, I think Imma go look at it
Interesting I am so excited
After 2 long years, it’s so beautiful
Good to hear more about 1.19. The Warden is gonna be interesting to see since I play bedrock edition, not Java.
The fact that all of this is considered very Work in Progress is actually insane to me
ngl that structure in the city looks kinda
FIRST BOYYYYYYYYYY!
24th
I’ve never clicked a notification faster
Yas queen 💅
nice snapshot, now I know how much I should be wetting my pants around the Warden :D
I open the video and all I hear is “ughh”
Major bag alert
kewl
Yes the wardennn
POG
one of da firsts
AH
Indeed!
Amazing snapshot, looking forward for more cool vids.
I just finished Cub’s video!
I'VE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS FOR SO LONG!
First
O:
Hey
oooooooo exciting
Poggers :D
first
😃
I WAS JUST SEARCHING FOR THIS
Lets goo
