I've got like 4 hours of sleep the past 2 days to get this video out so I hope you all enjoy it. Let me know which of the new weapons if your favorite down in the comments!    ➡Latest Patch Notes - https://store.steampowered.com/news/app/553850/view/4113546867256852245?l=english  ➡Join My Discord - https://discord.gg/jRV9RJfqDX ➡Follow me on Twitch - https://www.twitch.tv/swanyplaysgameslive ➡Subscribe to SwanyPlaysGames - https://www.youtube.com/@SwanyPlaysGames?sub_confirmation=1 ➡Subscribe to SwanyRants (My 2nd Channel) - https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCPszGeh4gAG2oet_bufYGgQ?sub_confirmation=1 ➡Follow me on Twitter - https://twitter.com/SwanyPlaysGames  ═════════ Timestamps ════════ 0:00 - Intro 0:50 - Las- 16 Sickle 3:16 - SG-8P Punisher Plasma 6:12 - Las- 7 Dagger Pistol 7:45 - G-23 Stun Grenade 10:15 - ARC-12 Blitzer 14:08 - Outro
Imagine lightning not damaging robots
13:09 a tank cant be stunned. its a immovable object... and those robots here - they are so heavy they sink into the ground and are GROUNDED... so that's why
So it looks like the plasma shotgun has gotten a huge buff. It has medium armor penetration now, so when I brought this into my game it was so fucking good because I could kill a hulk in like 3 shots.
Would’ve been cool if they made the punisher plasma like the Arca Plasmor from Warframe.
he couldn't be more wrong
Imho you're better off using the EMS Strike instead of stun grenades, impacts are just too powerful atm.
Wait how do you get these new weapons do they require microtransactions
Sadly bile titian is now immune to all stuns
We need a gravity granade that will pull enemies to its center
plasma punisher can hit striders through the shield and becomes better if you learn how to lob the shots / bring a rapid fire secondary / bring a power wep like arc gun that can take care of the rest
The punisher was a massive buyers remorse for me, i can forgive it being a shitty version of the grenade launcher if its ammo regenerated, but it doesn't. It's just an ass version with less ammo and less damage.
This YouTuber has no idea what he’s talking about. This is a trash video.
The thing I’ve found about the arc 12 blitzer is that although it struggles with the bigger automatons damage wise, it does stun them pretty consistently, leaving your teammates open to hit weak spots easier.
The plasma works best against the bots…it take out almost everyone, this guy doesn’t know what’s he talks about
I think the sg with auto cannon and stun grenades would be great for the bugs.
The plasma shotgun is terrible for bugs but is actually amazing for bots. Bots tend to group together more than bugs, ironically, and also you can lob the plasma from cover without having to expose yourself, and even missing with it will trigger suppression on a group of bots to make them fire less accurately  However, what really makes it great against bots is the fact that you can stagger lock devastators and berserkers with it AND you can one shot those annoying chicken walkers from the front, in addition you can blow up cannon turrets and even TANKS with the splash damage by lobbing the plasma balls near the vents.
* SpongeBob garbage sound *
plasma rifle (last weapon on 1 battlepass) is way better then the las in the 3 pass
the plasma shotgun has a unique effect where the projectile gets bigger when it travels a certain distance i dont think that really does much for it but its something i guess
My problem with the LAS Dagger is that its trash against hunters which if you're using your sidearm that's pretty much the only enemy you need to be concerned about till you get some ammo.
The Sickle is great. Literally everything else is completely terrible especially the stun grenades. If I'm only carrying STUN grenades I should be able to carry 8-10 of them.
It's like they dont want any interesting weapons to be any good at all.
Havnt unlocked the dagger yet or the physical shield, anyone tried that combo yet?
Arc sucks against autos which I really don’t understand
Any mission I go on to take down those lousy clankers, the Sickle is my best friend
You can destroy bug holes with autocannon.
I hope they add a grenade that acts as a mini black hole to group enemies
How tf do u chsnge fire modes??? It looked like the scythe was shooting a solid laser when i used it, but rapid ones in the vid
Sickle is good against bots. But bugs just have so much armour and health.
I will never understand why some people will say something sounds really cool and then not proceed to show what it sounds like.
The laser pistol is the new worst gun in the game
So you couldn't stun a tank... :)
I’m about to put u on blizter 12 with eat
Laughed when you said you threw a stun grenade at a tank and sounded surprised it didn't work
Sickle Dagger Laser Cannon they call me Laserdiver
Sadly the only relevant weapon in this warbond is the sickle. Dagger is a worse version of the Scythe and that one is already way to weak. The Plasma Punisher is good against large Armored targets but gets you in trouble against the small enemies. The Arc Blitzer is redundant since the Arc Thrower exists and is ten times better. The ideas are cool but need better balancing.
i just hope they add some customization to primary weapons in exchange for common samples im sitting on 900 something common samples twiddling there thumbs
Did This guy just seriously tossed a stun nade at a tank!?   My brother in liberation tanks are veicles.
Treat the plasma shotgun as a granade luncher and vualà!  Just make sure you got a backup weapon.   The pros he didn't mentioned are very fast reload and it needs some eye-projectile cohordination but onece you learned the role of the gun you are good.    Explosive guns in helldivers are meant to kill bile spitters and other "soft" bit bugs.
Hey man, super cool video you should stop saying tracks or anything with the ax sound when you say it you sound like a fucking goober keep up the good content but stop saying shit like that because you sound like a nerd
Blitzer tip - don't ADS, just stay moving and shoot from the hip. Shoot during swan dives too. It's a fine weapon for staying on the move while you dish out damage.
I HATE punisher plasma ...wasted medals
The SG Plasma is meant to be a hard hitter, it soudns weird I know. But what I have seen it does best, it kills armored like absolutely nothing, but fodder liek small it is useless andhard to lock down. It drops walkers, hits the battery behind bruisers and will also hit the butt off chargers even with a face shot. It definitely needs to get a fatter splash even for a cost of damage. As well as the hitbox.
Plasma shotgun is booty
The plasma shotgun seems to do good damage to bots and kinda garbage to bugs.
Scorcher is a way better alternative than the Plasma Punisher.
Um that's not the charger's weakspot...
Plasma shottie does more damage to me and players than bugs 😂😂😂
The plasma punisher is FANTASTIC against walkers, if you hit a walker center mass, it will one shot them most of the time, it does very well against berserkers with less aiming required, if you hit the top back of tanks it will hit its weak spot (same with a few other automatons), it has deceptive armor penetration, does decent against bile titans surprisingly, and any parts where armor was chinked off does pretty decent as well
5:16 *can clearly see the blast going directly by the hip and under the elbow of the automaton.* ah yes the guns aiming inaccuracy is the issue
The trick with the automaton tanks is the grenade has to land on top of the main body, if it lands anywhere around the treads it won't do anything.
One amazing upside of the punisher plasma you showed, but didn't seem to mention (or maybe not consider that important), is that you can one shot the automaton walkers? That's a huge bonus, imo. Because those things are mostly immune to medium armor pen (only the legs can be damaged, kinda) and instead require a support weapon like AMR or Grenade launcher, to reliably kill from the front. Seems like it can also deal with the shield devastators quite easily.   This alone makes it a viable choice, imo, coupled with stalwart or mg or something else to deal with the other bots. Personally, the walkers are the most annoying enemy to deal with against the bots. Because they sit at this weird armor spot, where they're not quite worth an AT shot, but also can't quite be dealt with, with primary weapons. Best  options seem contact nades (but short range, low ammo, harder to land) grenade launcher (leaves you with nothing against hulks/tanks) or AMR (actually very versatile weapon but annoying to aim, imo). The walkers are part of what makes/made the rail gun such a great choice as well.   I can see punisher plasma being quite difficult to use against the bugs.   Although, it might also work very well against bile/nursing spewers? Since those die easily to the grenade launcher as well. Again, coupled with stalwart or something else to deal with all the normal bugs.
How do you actually unlock it.? I bought everything from the other 2 battlepasses but can‘t unlock this one🤷🏼‍♂️
I'm gonna try the shotgun as a side weapon for the stalwart, for taking out big guys or something. it fucks up big guys yeah?
Yours suppose to use the plasma gun like a mortar so it can have a huge radius. (I also don’t like it.) It is to inaccurate
Personally, I think the plasma slugger should be a semi viable alternative to the Grenade launcher for clearing bug nests, or something like thay
So after watching this video I'm gonna go ahead and say none of these weapons are better than the regular old breaker shotgun lol
You say the sickle overheats too quick but if you think about it, it can shoot 100 rounds before it overheats and you have to change the energy pack. What other primary can shoot the many rounds before being reloaded? Also it "reloads" faster than any other primary in my opinion as well
The charger's weak spot is not it's butt.  I know it looks like it, but it's weak spot is actually either leg or side after breaking armor.
New to the helldivers game i just played last night and almost couldn’t get off this game😂 what really made me stay on was when i picked up a punisher with a guard dog combo can someone tell me how do i unlock a punisher?
The sickle is by far my most favorite gun because of how fun it is to use
Sickle is a pretty good weapon so far, but I have no clue why it sounds like a ballistic gun. If you search the Sickle from Helldivers 1, it sounds like a laser or energy-based weapon.
These certain weapon "elements" combinations make it look really interesting, like using armors from the same warbond with Conduit bonus alongside allies with Arc Casters, essentially extending their range. I wish devs made more of that, for example, being able to supercharge Tesla Towers with arc weapons similar to how that works in Red Alert game series.  The amounts of potential for builds is truly incredible.
I found myself not liking the Blitzer for bugs because its just too slow to reload. You get swarmed so easily, especially with the multi-enemy arcing being so inconsistent.
Shouldn’t you be shooting the charger in the head or legs with the Blitzer and not the butt? Arc damage ignored armor and the head and legs are coded as weak spots not the butt even though it has no armor
"I was able to unload in his weakspot"
I'm not sure why the laser rifle has recoil.
I feel like the Punisher Plasma needs a redesign. Its Plasma mortar style projectile is cool in concept, but in practice it is highly impractical. Hell it even kills you, if you fire it at close range and it's a shotgun!  A shotgun that can't be used at close range. If that's not a paradox I don't know what is.  Personally if I had the power to change this weapon, I would make it fire a wide mid to short range shower of smaller explosive plasma balls that stick to a target and after a second, the plasma balls detonate. And for balance, each plasma ball's explosive damage is low on their own. But when many are struck to the same target, the detonations combine for greater single target damage.  Apart from that change, I'd leave everything else the same.  That or make it act like the Slugger, where it just fires in a straight line and melts through all it hits.
i want a patch that gives the machine gun atleast 4 to 5 mags considering its much smaller capacity than the stalwart and you cant reload on the move.
the blitzer is shit.  For that fire rate, just use the arc thrower.  Same unlimited ammo, faster fire rate, can kill more terminids in a single shot, and can one shot some of the higher level bugs that you see the blitzer clearly struggling with in this video.  It also kills chargers and BTs relatively easily.
Great breakdown! The sickle instantly became my favorite weapon off the jump, but now I want to unlock and try the other ones. The secondary is so tough right now I don't know what to use. Everything is so MID
No hate here but I completely disagree about the blitzer.  It fires too slow and there are times where you direct hit a single baby stalker and it doesn’t one shot kill.  Which doesn’t make much sense to me.  Maybe i’m using it wrong.  I’m max level with about 200hrs and i’m super underwhelmed with the blitzer and the punisher.
This is how you review new weapons in games.  Not any meta gaming "TODAY IM REVIEWING THE BEST WEAPON PERIOD YOU WONT DIE". Just talking genuinely about pros and cons and where the guns shine. I think the guns in this game are built to have you using different things for different scenarios not a one all be all prepatch railgun primary, it gets boring fast.
Did you only test the energy based weapons on snow planets? The hot planets reaaaally mess with overheat, also. The shockgun needs three direct hits to kill hunters.
Starts watching sees content creator used the Punisher shotgun before getting the Las-16, considers closing video immediately.
Not a fan of this war bond . Pretty mid
I completely agree with the plasma shotgun. I thought it was going to be a plasma slug (a larger variant of the PLAS-1) but it's just... trash... don't even try and kill stalkers with it. It takes almost 5-6 shots.
I have no use for the plasma shotgun and the arc Blitzer. Totally garbage.
You showed off the capes for the exact amount of time at the exact right part of the video.
My issue with the Blitzer is the lightning arcing onto corpses instead of the living threats directly in front of you. I think that's such a shitty drawback for a weapon that already has so many.
Is the plasma shotgun able to destroy bug holes since it arcs and has a splash damage?
The arc 12 blitzer was great until I saw how useless it was against stalkers. They walked right through the arc!
Shame arc shottie was pants the normal arc is decent enough
I tried the Sickle because I saw so much good things said about it and honestly... I was underwhelm by it. Maybe I wasn't using properly but I didn't thought the weapon was doing much damage, that windup time was unexpected and useless IMO and as you said this overheat FAST.
That voice tho
just letting you know the butt of the charger is not it's week spot under the armored legs or now it's face are it's main two shooting it in the butt will still burn through any ammo type even auto cannon but i guess it is not too much of an issue with the energy weapons i do recommend the expendable anti tank since the come back fast and you get two, or a recoilless rifle if you have a friend reload it for you both are a one shot head shot now i think not sure about the rifle. but either way it's best to just have fun and just use what you like best. oh that's also pretty much the same way to kill a bile titan too the face is it's weak spot but if you do break the sack it can't spit anymore which can be a big relief if you can't kill it just yet.
Little tip: The rear of a charger is not actually its weak spot! The charger will only take weak spot damage when its armor is stripped, either from its legs or either of its sides.
sickle is so good on the cold maps
The Sickle is phenomenal. Though I think it could stand to lose 5 damage (50) and the model needs to be smaller.  The Plasma Shotgun seems like a Mortar for your Primary slot. Probably good if you tend to use your support weapon for most fights. If you’re constantly shooting an LMG or Railgun, this as your backup for pods of weak or clustered enemies isn’t too bad.  The Arc Shotgun is for Bugs only. Big sad for us on the Western Front.  The Las Pistol noticeably takes time to kill even Scavengers and it’s difficult to use on Bots.. that said, I pair it with the Sickle because by the time the pistol is overheating the Sickle is back up.  The Stun Grenades are King. Just be warned, you’ll need another way to destroy factories and bug holes. Trivializes Hulks. Fantastic on Dropships. And rumor has it, it works on Bile Titans (where did they go? I haven’t seen one all day)
Missed these guns from Helldivers 1
Pairing the electric shotgun and the revolver smacks
The sickle has made all the difference for me compared to the breaker. Use short bursts while ADS and you never have to worry about a reload. Add to that the complete lack of recoil and headshots rack up the bot kills!
I think the plasma shootgun is good but only against atomatons agenst terminets i was strugqling
Las 16 on a cold planet…yes please. I would agree I really like this new weapon, it’s very strong. Been using the slugger so I miss the ability to deal with queens and sentinels…but that’s what buddies and stratagems are for
I absolutely dispise people that think freeze locking enemies is a good idea. Why on earth would u use a stun grenade over an impact? You throw grenade, it stuns enemies for 2 seconds, then thats it. An impact, you throw it and it does huge damage almost immediately. People using EMS mortars, cool, they are good when 2 or 3 people use them, but JUST USE SOMETHING THAT KILLS ENEMIES, this game has ENDLESS enemies, you think freezing 8 is going to keep you alive, if you have no damage????
I’ve been using the punisher plasma shotgun to mess up the chargers.
LAS 16 Sickle is pretty damn good. Way better in OG game but still a welcome addition. I'll still run arc thrower
You still need to aim at head for automaton for crit with the arc shotgun
I’m going to try running the arc blitzer in place of the arc thrower that way I can run anti armor support weapon with it agaisnt bugs…seems like it could result in a pretty good loadout to cover all enemy types
My grandfather and myself were nicknamed swanny in high school & our hometown due to our last name being Swan👀
My headcannon is that Heat weapons should be super effective against Automatons by melting them, whereas arc weapons don't do much because as they are metal they run on electricity anyway.  Whereas Terminids should be resistant to external heat because of their chitinous shell, and weak to Arc because electricity burns you from the inside out. 🤔  Maybe that's BS and I don't even understand the science properly, but that is just my headcannon 🤣
“Unload in his weak spot” 🫢
Sickle the only decent gun that came out of the bond, only for bots tho
all the new weps are trash, sickle has no pen, blitzer is just dog, infinite ammo is a complete bait, ive almost never felt out of ammo in this game, maybe youre just not good at clearing all the mobs fast enough so u get overrun or some but infinite ammo is not a + for blitzer or sickle if u dont overheat it. dagger is just dog for what u want from a secondary and the stun nade is just worse then the other nades vs everything pretty much cuz u want the extra instant dmg from them, its a support for your dps output as its mostly a numbers game in higher difficulties and  in lower difficulties talking about whats good or not doesnt matter because they are ez and u can run any loadout you want. dont even need to talk about punisher plasma its just dog
The bum of the charger isn’t the weak spot 😅 You have to take armor off one of its legs and then you see flesh. That’s the weak spot.
I only pay attention to the overhear of the LAS-16 if I have one mag left, but that only occured to me once ever...
so, for the blitzer, aim it like the arc thrower and you're fine, it's a mini arc thrower, better at closer groups.
Thank you
The punisher plasma is the biggest disappointment. This weapon is without a doubt the worst weapon in the game right now. Mid damage, small AOE, you can’t shoot the thing if the enemies are close to you which happens the entire time when playing against bugs, Extremely low fire rate just sad the weapon had so much potential.
The sickle has a major issue on PS5. Not gameplay wise, but irl: the vibration. It vibrates the controller so loud and obnoxiously, my PC friends can hear it through my mic, my family can hear it in other rooms. Helldivers has no vibration options, so i even tried turning all vibration off in the PS5 settings, and Helldivers just ignores that lmao.
You’re using it wrong
I think the Blitzer may be a gun that Arrowhead designed to be the quintessential primary. They've said multiple times that they don't want to make a primary gun that does it all, that you're supposed to rely on stratagems to take down bigger targets. The Blitzer emphasizes that by being a solid crowd control weapon, taking down whole hoards of small fry with ease, while it may as well be a feather duster against anything with solid armor. It's reminding you to use your whole arsenal, not just your primary. Sure, having a gun double as a disciplinary tool may not necessarily be fun at first, but it might help train a player to help break the habit of holding onto your stratagems because of the fear of needing them while they're on cooldown.
The chargers back is NOT its weak spot.. its the spot with the most HP😂😂😂
This guy absolutely sucks lmfao
Sounds like a great loadout vs bug all in all
Arc weapons bypass armor at the cost of dmg done, but have unlimited ammo.  And like with the Arc Thrower, if you aim this one slightly higher it will arc down into the enemies heads almost every time.
i did this 4 days ago back and no need to show to others........
Gotta feeling the plasma gun will be the start in a line of plasma weapons better to deal woth the illuminate,could be a weakness ?
Plasma Punisher was kind of underwhelming at first glance. I guess if you really, really like throwing grenades then this is the gun for you because it’s basically a slow grenade lobber. Could use one of those sights found on the M320 though, to reduce the aiming guessing game for longer lobs.
Bro, idk how it works plz explain me, the guns are locked behind the paywall of the battlepass or how that works, i'm starting to play and idk
Talking about blitzer againg autamatons. You CAN (somewhat) consistantly hit weakspots. You need to aim a little over their heads, so when arks travel, they hit general area of their heads
I picked up the new punisher on accident and found it to be highly effective against bots, and more of a stun than damage weapon
anyone can tell me how to unlock this new warbond?
Plasma shotgun is super good at dealing with those chicken leg walkers.
Saying you like the punisher.. its absolute dogshitt XD if you use a shotgun just use the breaker
Just sad that the stun grenade doesn't shut bugholes
well to me it looks like its a simple matter of anatomy for the lightning shotgun. terminids have their heads usually in the front soo the arcs kinda find their direction there while automatons have their heads further up hampering the effectiveness of it. so its pretty much a democracy applyer for antidemocratic bugs
13:43 Right there! I hate when electric weapon does that.... Lightning either connect to dead body or just stops 50cm after it goes out of the gun... Not even mentioning that for some reason Arc thrower cant connect to the enemies that kisses Your face...
Nothing viable
No wonder you do no damage when you're not shooting their weakspots lol with the shotgun (Nd any gun really)
Eh I dont like the sickle at all for me it doesn't kill fast enough and that 1 sec to shoot is extremely annoying and too slow for me and the worse thing is it barely kill anything. Maybe that's becuz I play on LVL 9 and pretty much everything is armored so you can't kill shit with the sickle but eh. I'll leave that weapon to the  ncoobs cleaning the one shot bugs.
Still haven't played hd2 but i wanna join the fight
curious how some of these guns differ fighting bots
Trying to figure out which war bond I'm gonna get when I have enough. I really like revolvers but the sickle and dagger seem really good, and if I do end up getting the veterans path then I have the scythe to use cuz I really like the energy weapons, I just don't know if I'd rather have the revolver or the other energy weapons
So I've been a big arc thrower guy, does the arc-12 blitzer fill a similar role? Can I run that and a grenade launcher for bug missions effectively? I want a more effective shotgun since the breaker got nerfed and I'm really not sure how to re-equip myself.
stun grenade so good my friends want it nerfed XD
So the stun grenade can stop a tank in its tracks... but does nothing to the turret. Noted.
"the sickle overheats pretty quickly"  it takes 100 shots to overheat and does the same damage per shot as the liberator, wdym? This thing's practically an LMG
The devs made a great game, but they should outsource weapon production / balancing. Less then half of the new stuff is "decent", just more crap weapons added to the pile. Hope they fix before they add anymore.
Pro tip; The chargers weakspot IS NOT it's butt. It is it's legs; Once they're stripped of armor. THAT SAID… The butt is a bleedout point. It will eventually succumb to its fatal wound, assuming you do no extra damage to it, it'll take up to 5 minutes for it to bleed out. (It seems inconsistent to me) I take EAT's and aim for their head/legs. But thats my playstyle. "The guy you run to when you're getting charged at." .... After informing me you're being run down. Lmao.
WRT the arc shotgun Ive never understood why people evaluate primary weapons based on how effective they are vs heavy tier enemies like bile titans. These are primaries , not stratagems or support weapons
The number and intensity that people are declaring what the sickle SHOULD sound like - as if it’s something based reality that can tested and not a magic space fantasy laser weapon that could very well be tiny pieces of solid fire or some bullshit like that - is absolutely hilarious.    Like the crack of laser bolt couldn’t sound like a crack of a sparkler on steroids just as easily.
Interesting, I've heard nothing but negatives about the new arc shotgun, but the stats (other than that fire rate, needs a buff cuz it just feels bad) and your review are all positive.
Hard disagree on the plasma. Aiming just takes a few matches to get used to its unique projectile, you got 12 magazines and a short reload so you should just be spamming away constantly, if something got that close to you it’s either a stalker or you got bigger problems to worry about.  But best of all: slap a mag up into the back of a charger and watch it die without any issues
The fact that the plasma punisher cant blow up bug holes or bot fabricators despite being explosive is 0/10 garbage
The games meant to be played in a squad right so if you do it right everyone has their part. That shotgun is for Crowd Control. Let someone else pack the stun Grenade and the ability to kill the big ones. Trying to do everything yourself shouldn’t works. You’re just a soldier
Cool new energy weapon :D  Locked behind 1000 super credits :(
I was so ready to love the plasma shotgun. I was expecting fast travelling bolts of explosive plasma. I was disappointed.
Punisher plasma(also it just punishes it's wielder) is literally only viable as a "pvp" weapon as it tickles all other enemies(though, it stuns bots for like a half a sec per hit but who cares)
the good ol'sickle, just like in helldivers 1, reliable as fuck
These new weapons suck
The Sickle is a terrible gun!  *looks over shoulders for helldiver devs*  ...completely unusable!
Really, I am so grateful that you made this video, I was deciding which premium war bond to get and you sold me. Thank you. Now I’m subbed🫡
The Blitzer is what happens when you can tap into Palpatine's unlimited power.
Say it with me now “ah-tah-mah-tahns” NOT “ah-tah-nah-mah-tahns”
My buddy played this game, he said stay away, just another balance bla bla bla game, run dont walk.
i only play games with op weapons. If its all balanced it will never get installed. Look, balancing suks, op weapons are fun, I play for fun. So the logical conclusion is only play games with op items. Its that simple.
Thanks for your time testing and making this review.  It's going to help me save SOME medals as I'm new to the game.  Definitely gonna pick up the stun grenade and the energy main rifle.  You typically can't just stand there and unload the whole machinegun mag and NEED to aggressively relocate, so the unlimited ammo as long as you don't overheat it sounds (and looked) really good.  Cya on the next one.
I’ve only had to reload the new rifle twice over the past 2 days. And I play on helldiver difficulty.
I don't like the plasma "shotgun"
I decided not to buy the super credits to get the battle passes so I could grind for them finally got 1000 the day cutting edge came out and immediately got the sickle and it’s a fuckin beauty
Holy fuck! The new nade stuns the enemy bosses! I Fuckin need those.
Arc-12 Blitzer is trash  it should have been on page 1
Does the stun grenade have any effect on helldivers?
how do I buy the cutting edge warbond?
This game weaponry is so cool it just begs to add some secondary shooting types on them to enchance their viability - it could be GL for liberators, smg's, something like fireball shot for flamer or constant zaping for ARC...
"Ran behind it and was able to unload in its weak spot." *Pause*
Charger's butt is not a weak spot, it's just the low armour spot.  The legs are their weak spots.
The blitzer is a worse arc thrower in everyway, fires slower, less pen and less damage, just worse in every single way
All the weapons are trash
the punisher plasma was a big diasspointment for me too, it looks like a plasma grenade launcher, but feels like you're tickling your enemies with a feather
haven t got the last gun, but for me the plasma punish, need more ammo per clip and./ OR should work on nest and frabricator like the grenade launcher to compensate. also be more consistent in the AOE dmg. Dagger is good when carring SSSD i would say, but i still prefere the smg to defend myself against hunter and such, faster kill.   stun grenade can make good combo, from your testing i wonder, how long does the effect last, and does it stay in place after explosion? ( like those eletronic pulse) or if you get some bug in it , the one who were outside of the explosion can cross it like nothing?  also not working nest etc is a really pain ( it still proc the stun effect around).  does the last gun "hit" can bounce between target or it is like a visual  ( in clear , can you bounce on a player with those new armor , or it is just a shotgun projectil with added bonus of beeing energy so ignoring light armor?
Gotta love that a game finally acknowledged that laser weapons will have no recoil.
Totally get what you mean with the Punisher Plasma. I've found myself really taking a liking to it, particularly when paired with the laser pistol. I've found it's best use is when you're behind the team and role-playing as a mortar sentry, which can be a bit tough due to the quick fall of the projectile. However, it is quite effective at taking out smaller enemies and can potentially give your team some relief to deal with the larger enemies.  It's good with a team that can coordinate, but godawful if you don't have that lol
Throws a stun grenade at a tank Doesnt work *Surprise face*
Good video but the Dagger pistol is utter trash compared to the dps of the auto pistol, the punisher needs a fire rate buff, maybe projectile speed too and lastly the Blitzer needs a miracle, no amount of ammo is gonna justify it's comically low dps and range
Bloop.
Once the new enemy factions come, a lot of weapons will have better use.
charger weakspot is the head not the butt..   just fyi.
meta gaming at its finest.
fyi charger weakspot isnt his arse
I just started using the buffed punisher and loved it until I shot the sickle. I don’t know what another gun is.
Punisher Plasma they should def increase the Mag size, increase the bullet velocity and either make the AoE bigger or deal more dmg, at least 2 of those 3 things would put it in a much better place (Also should be able to plug holes/fabricators). I do like it for the new mode cause you can just drop it on the bug holes which works well, but only up to Dif 5-6 maybe, anything else it just can keep up
I just want them to fix the socials
I find the Sickle really underwhelming, the damage is really average and the fact it overheats so fast renders it almost useless on higher difficulties where you get constantly overwhelmed with bugs
Here come the nerfs lol
I WISH when the laser weapons are close to overseating the actual weapon laser shots change colour that would be awesome
Arc shotgun is a piece of crap. I’ll keep my slugger
The arc shotgun was a massive let down for me. I was hoping to have a compatible close-range lightning complement to the Arc Thrower stratagem weapon so that I could electrocute everything in sight. Except that it fires slower than the arc thrower, has about 120 feet less of range not including extra range from arcing, yet seems to do maybe 25-50% less damage...which just doesn't make sense. A shotgun firing more arcs of lightning at a specifically close range of maybe 30 feet?, should be doing more damage than the arc thrower, not less. It also does not arc to other enemies, it just randomly chooses whether one of the many bolts will go to a different enemy than the one you're looking at, so it's not really a wave clearing primary as advertised.   There is genuinely just no real reason to ever run this thing when we have 4-5 other better primary options. It really killed my hopes for what would have been my favorite loadout.
Spread all of this gear over a group of 4 and you got something.
Gotta love the plasma punisher, killin myself just as frequently as I do with the flamethrower at times 😂
IMO Energy weapons in the game are all very cool and fun to use and I don't mind the time it takes for them to overheat but rather the COOLDOWN period. Literally make that heat gauge go down sooner after letting go of the trigger and a tad faster and they would all skyrocket in viability and usefulness. Also FOR THE LOVE OF DEMOCRACY give me my semi auto Sickle back!!!!
You are not alone thinking the punisher plasma is not that good. I'd even go as far as saying it is the worst primary in the game and is a detriment to the team. The splash is too little to matter and the damage is too low when the splash works. Automatons are killed fairly well by it but are too far apart most of the time. Terminds are packed together but the damage is too low for all the high health enemies you see over there. Aiming past 30m is just a pain as you have to aim 45° at least and some people defend it, saying it is good because it can kill chargers. But the same people also use an MG or the grenade launcher for actually clearing out groups of enemies, which is ironic as the punisher plasma is a grenade launcher essentially and thus meant for groups. To sum it up it is supposed to be a weapon meant for clearing groups, which cannot clear those and cannot be aimed well past 30m on top of that.
Forget the sickle. Where's my trident? 🔱
watching this with the adblock on so you can get as little revenew from me for buying ingame currency
from trending
lel your mainweapons arent for the big enemys :D its sounds, that ur suprised? :D on t8,t9 the arc shotgun shoots too slow! art thrower +eat rockets and u need only a strategem for biles, easy loadout
Sickle it will be i loved the punisher shotguns single reload was slow but you didnt waste ammo but tried the plasma variant yesterday and was disappointed
to me the plasma shotgun felt like an underpowered grenade launcer
If the SG could close bug holes then it would be good
It makes perfect sense on why a stun grenade would have 0 effect on a tank
Same thing with the first Arc gun, good at small group clearence but not so good with bigger enemy. This is what annoyed me about the twirps moaning about the rail gun. That gun was the opposite, good at clearing big enemy, rubbish at dealing with lots of small enemy. I got a new gun yesterday, forget the name, it has 15 rounds and does medium armour. My friend was standing next to me and every tiime I fired it sends a small shock wave and he said he couldn't aim or hit any bugs because the shock wave kept making him miss.. We both thought that was funny.
Sickle is OP, just plainly makes liberator completely useless and liberator is already a good primary. More DPS, bigger magazine on full auto, unlimited ammo when heat managed, zero recoil so very easy to use. Sickle should overheat faster so liberator could punch out more damage with one mag.
the sickle was strong in Helldivers 1 but essentially broken in Helldivers 2 simply because ammo economy in Helldivers 2 is more demanding and Sickle does not consume ammo. All the sickle need is average damage and the no ammo design already made it meta. Well done Arrowhead,  another score on destroying game balance.
I see stun grenade nerf coming soon
.."unload on its weak spot"
Thank you for being open minded when reviewing the new warbond. Theres so much clickbait right now and i just want  to thank you for being cool, my dude.
Automaton is pronounced "Aww-TOM-uh-tAHn"  great vid <3
This is a great review with actual game play <3 it - keep spreading democracy!
I'll have to get the stun grenades+Flamethrower, that's so strong for the weapon
the arc shotgun is very much just a bug zapper
all of them are really lack luster. way over balanced. I dont want balanced shit, i want cool shit that can carry me through Hell Dive
i think this warbond is absolute dogshit. And what makes it even worse is... that i waited such a long time to get only this... even tho i only wanted a decent nice assault rifle.
I understand the plasma being kinda dookie it’s tough to balance a primary weapon with AOE you can’t give it too much damage or it’s hard meta
I can honestly see stun grenades becoming meta for higher difficulties to prevent charger and BT spam
Imo the new weapons kinda suck the breaker is still the best weapon I The game new warbond isn't worth it imo at least
they need to dumb down the numbers on the fuckin bugs. Theres a difference between challenging and aimbot level. Not all of us get to sit on a game all day and get arthritis of the brain.
The LAS6 Sickle sounds like a game-changer! 🌟 Can't wait to try out this "unlimited ammo" beast. Thanks for the deep dive, Swanie!
Definite skill issue with the plasma "shotgun" trust me, I hated it at first but after 2 days solid play I've learned a love for it and is now my main weapon. Just needs LOTS of practice.  It's a grenade launcher, mainly for support class loadouts.
How did the sickle handle in the cold temp climates? The laser cannon has such a longer life when I bring it with me into the frozen planets lol. I am on the fence since I just want the armours ahaha. I’m just collecting armours at this point ahahaha. Can’t wait til they get more traction and I be nicki Minaj fighting terminators ahhahaha(pure sarcasm folks lmao). But the break action has been becoming a favourite lately lol, I know it’s hated but it does hell of a ton of scatter damage when you fire both shells then flick over to your slugger or breaker and you will clear a whole section of enemies ahahah.
Another Weak spot is actually front right leg for the Charger Bug, if you break its leg armor on the right leg and boom a super good weak spot. Just For anyone who doesn't know
hip fire blitzer for a wider cone/spread
personally i really enjoy the knight submachine gun its just fun and when on the run i don't have to turn around to shoot back i can just turn my camera and blast away also that high fire rate is just a joy to listen to
The plas shotgun hits like a grenade launcher. Might pair strongly with heavy MG against bugs
Blitzer needs double firing rate.
Is the shotgun arc weapon better than the arc thrower? Could it free up that support slot?
I love the Plasma Punisher. It's got Explosive and can kill Chargers, it's Explosive AoE is pretty good too.
Man I was nothing but disappointed with these weapons. The dagger time to kill is way too long for even the little buggers. Sickle is ok, plasma launcher feels bad to have as a primary and the arc blitz is easily overshadowed by the base guns.
I tried blitzer and i cant stand it , its super slow sometimes it barely dmgs multiple enemies , it tickles them . Doesn't always oneshot targets like stalkers ( fired few times and when stalker started jumping arround stealth trying to run Blitzer barely hit anything )   Ppl find the weapon good just cuz u kill "small bugs" and knocks back and have infinite ammo. It takes 10 years to clear important targets so u gonna stock pile alot of enemies and u barely kill few. If u need to clear stuff just toss a nade / grenade launcher / flamethrower / machine gun  or use proper weapons. I rather kill stuff fast and run than pew pew 10 years for few kills.
Armour and weapons except of sickle is super shit. Aw and ye, granades and helmets are very good
The last gun i feel is the mentality they need for everything in this game. Strong againt one faction and shit against another.
Chargers weak spot is its head, not its backside.
Blitzer can kill bile titans if you hang out under the titan's belly
Punisher plasma OP vs charger, just use it under his belly
I fail to see how a stun grenade would work on a tank
dude, do you have a video comparing the weapons from the previous pass? it does look more likely good for incendiary and explosive ammo, you think its more about the play style of each other?
Plasma needs a serious buff; it's kinda' useless - for a premium weapon.
With the Plasma, all you need is an Armor with explosion resistance, the projectiles become instable to longer they fly, increasing the AoE effect.  Take is as a long range weapon, once you got the range finding down, it slaps.
Sickle is okay, but i like stagger so im loving the blitzer, otherwise i use the slugger. I look for stopping power vs stalkers in packs of 2 to 3, if its capable of saving me then i use it hence the slugger and blitzer, althoughh i do feel blitzer needs nore damage per shot as the slugger is still better
Blitzer isnt an Arc Thrower, seems a lot of people thought it would be an Arc Thrower-shotgun
And all the heat-weapons will suck on hot planets.
how u gunna make helldivers guides when u dnt know the charger's weak spot
The plasma gun is a support weapon. It does stun a little bit the enemies, so you merely have to use it as a support and not to kill.
Wish they’d just add a more powerful auto assault rifle. There’s too many shotguns
So for those upset that the new shotty can't take down Chargers or Titans...It isn't designed for that. Not every gun is meant to be useful against all enemies. This is why the loading screen tells you to bring the right equipment for the job.   I will say I would expect them to buff the damage against the bots. Shock Damage should deal more to bots
Charger Butt is not a "Weak Point" It's just moderately armored. There's no bonus damage, just less resistance.  You still need Medium armor penetration to do full damage to it. It's also a health sack. Stick with breaking the armor and shooting the created weakpoint for bonus damage or just use an EAT/Recoilless to the head for a 1-shot kill as they recently made those even more effective vs chargers.
Punisher Plasma seems like they thought of a gun idea, Never tested it and just released it. All in all the actual value of this pass is absolutely debatable when 2 out of 3 of the main weapons in it are absolutely dogshit.
Thanks for sacrificing sleep/rest for this video. I respect the grind.
What difficulty did you test weapons on?
To use the punisher shotgun to its full potential i think you need to be using the new armor that gives you 99 percent shock resistance
Sickle is amazing against hunters
In case you haven't noticed, the blitzer's arc shots show a "bounce" icon on chargers and titans
The Blitzer not doing as much against bots as the arc thrower makes sense - it needs one single high power arc to burn the circuits. More bolts - lower voltage
Tbh. All of the weapons in this new warbond suck
They need to work all their weapons. Nothing feels as gratifying as pre patch railgun or breaker.
stun grenades don't stun tanks...who would've thought (that was sarcasm)
stun grenades not working against tanks makes sense lol
stun grenade paired with 500kg bomb seems goated, gonna try it when I get home, since you can call the bomb and wait for the titan to walk over it then lock him in place
THE WARBOND JUST DROPPED, jfc, why am I even surprised
I really enjoy the new punisher. Yeah its not great against faster smaller targets like the hunters, but nothing a rover or good use of your secondary weapon wont solve. It works pretty damn well at disposing of bile and nursing spewers and demolishes crowds like the ones you get when there is a bug breach. I would say its a solid weapon, maybe not meta material but I just want to give the gun some love because its not bad
I love the arc shotgun it’s just enjoyable and strong and can one shot hiveguards in the head as well. For heavy enemies it’s not the intended use I rock a spear with it for the big boys
The new AR is so good with the uzi sidearm. You unload the primary until it’s almost overheated, swap to uzi and unload, then swap back and it’s already cooled down ready to go again. 3 clips with no reloads more or less. Might not be as good in hot environments but it’s probably crazy in the cold
Do you have early access to this new battlepass? I was on last night and couldn’t find it
Tip: Don't aim with the new shotgun! (In most situations)
I did not get the same read on the arc shotgun. It seems like a gimmick just as much as punisher plasma. The fire rate is unbearable, for bugs it struggles against anything bigger than a hiveguard and for bots it's very short range, which is generally bad unless you're just trying to look cool
The EMS air drop also doesn't stun Tanks. I think they are immune to EMS effects
Arc weapons are terrifying, the lack of control in the hands of someone who is not extremely aware of teammates will be racking up the pepsi of enemy kills with lightning speed. However in the hands of someone who has great spatial awareness they can go ham.
"ran behind it and was able to unload in it's weakspot" bro😭😭😭
So all in all the blitzer is the absolute clear winner...mostly since anything big you got a ton of stratagems and support weapons for anyway. No overheat. It spreads in packs. Yeah bug killer deluxe while the Las is for the botboys.
No need to test weapon they are all shit
Can the punisher plasma destroy bug holes?
So fking glad I saved up 156 medals 😂😂😂 Srsly, man.. Buying this pack right after I get off work and I'm BUYING, THAT, LASER MINIGUN!!!
ARC might be the worst shotgun for now.
Plasma Shotgun has great stagger. It is a great weapon to support your team. I love it but I do not take it if I want to Solo a mission
If you’re consistently trying to kill chargers/titans/hulks/tanks with primary weapons, you’re doing something wrong. None of the primary weapons are meant to take on those threats. Mob clearing and utility (range, aoe, ammo capacity) against small to medium enemies is how to evaluate a primary weapon. Support weapons and stratagems (or running away) should be the most effective and intentional tools against big stuff. Shooting your primary at a bile titan? You’ve already fucked up.
Love the sickle, but I’m starting to hate the spinning reticle, blitz is ok, the range is short, and sometime point blank the arc won’t hit enemies. Arc also hits 3 enemies max
I only use scorcher or the sickle as my primary.  Secondary my go to is the redeemer because I haven't unlocked the dagger. But it'll be hard to leave the redeemer. I've ran entire missions with only using it. I'm excited to try out the stun grenade. It looks pretty useful! Thanks for your reviews.
Chargers back is not the weak spot....does this guy actually play the game?
Just a note, don't shoot weakspots with anything except explosive damage. All other damage types do reduced damage to 'weakpoints.' The 'weakpoints' also have significantly higher health pools. If you're facing chargers, you should always be aiming for the head as that part has the lowest health pool by far.
They learned nothing from the Scythe. The pistol does half the damage the Scythe does, and the Scythe is shit. Granted, it's a secondary, but the redeemer does 60 per bullet. At 1100 RPM, assuming you aren't in semi-auto, that's 18.3 rounds per second. That's 1098 DPS vs 150. And hunters have roughly 400hp. That's 3 seconds with the laser pistol, versus about a third of a second with redeemer.  The Blitzer seems pretty cool, except it's basically a slower shooting arc thrower. I'd say it frees up a support slot, but if it doesn't do much against chargers/titans, it's a direct downgrade from the arc thrower. Granted, you could run EAT or Spear(if it locks on for you) for chargers/titan and still have the add clear of the Blitzer so. Testing will be needed to see if it has a place as a primary.
Not a fan of mixing weapon types, ie. shotgun/energy
All trash and those Who seem to work with some niche combo those combo werent calculated so they are going to be patched and nerfed to ground...Guess ill Stick to breaker till they Nerf It again. Nerfdivers sure Is fun.
I wish streamers would pronounce "automaton" correctly.
Love the sickle too. But damn I had more hopes for the plasma and Blitzer shotguns.
Stun grenade + jump pack + break action = lethal company combo
For heat weapon, I'd prefer the heat indicator left side of the crosshair, too inconvenient to look down a small icon while firing
Bro way too many ads on this video
I’m one of those guys that still used EMs strike as part of their Strategems.  This Grenade will free up Strat space for me.
The chargers rear end is NOT a "weak spot", it is just an unarmored spot. Chargers head and legs are its "weak spot", especially once the armor is removed
It's a pretty easy test to know if a youtuber has 0 fucking idea what they're talking about and shouldn't be listened to when they say shit like "stun grenade let me run behind a charger and unload into its weakspot"   The charger back isn't a weakspot, it takes 10x longer to kill it than to expose an actual weakspot by stripping its leg or torso armor and shooting it with your primary there. These people know jack shit about how the game works and it shows.
The constant stream of content from streamers trying to be "The reference guy that played the game so you don't have to" is so annoying to see for a game like this.
This game is very horses for courses type gameplay.
they need to swap out the scope for the punisher. People are using it like a shotgun and aren't making use of its best features. Don't engage with it at close range. Use a stalwart or flamethrower.
I wonder if the blitzen has increased damage after an emp orbital??
Someone has a video of a Punisher Plasma killing a charger with 4 shots to the ground under its head and belly with the aoe heat splash dmg... haven't tested if true way OP... tried with Scorcher Did not work... so the AOE must be substantially larger.
punisher plasma 3 shots chargers, shoot beneeth the head on the ground close to the belly.
Nah how you do it that fast
I don't get why the plasma shotgun explosion isn't cone shaped. It's a projectile that explodes when going in a direction, it's explosion would be influenced by that if we go by how other explosive projectiles work in real life, if it was a cone, it would make it more of a shotgun (you wouldn't kill yourself when enemies are close, like a shotgun is supposed to do in videogames), it would make the weapon more skillbased and then you compensate it with bigger damage (an fix the hitbox of course).
Loooks like it is not worth it 🤣 gonna wait for a better pack and not spending 1000 credits on it so long to obtain
Are there any base game weapons that are energy based that have basically unlimited ammo when used right?
Comment for algorithm
So the plasma shotgun does more damage to you than the enemies. Funny.
I wish you could lower the fire rate. Help mitigate the overheat.
Christ how did you unlock everything in less than a day. Besides the obvious answer..
Does the Punisher Plasma close bug holes and /or bot factories?  That might offset its downsides.
It’s discouraging that every medal I’ve spent so far has been on useless trash. Shit you won’t ever use. We’re all just going for meta. This game is so poorly built all around. Close to done and I’ve been playing for a week so far.
im guessing the stun G dosn;t work on tanks...since the person inside isn't getting stunned?
Sickle and stun grenades are useful, the rest are not really.  The plasma punisher is a worse scorcher really  Blitzer is virtually worthless against bots, and forces you to get uncomfortably close to bugs while being inconsistent with its targeting and too slow to make follow up shots well. Also lacks armor penetration and the damage is unimpressive.
As someone who absolutely loves the arc thrower i can't express just how disappointed i was in the arc shotgun, 25m range, light armore piercing, medium armore takes 3-4 shots to take out, it may seem useful, but when a single bile thrower becomes a life and death battle it means the primary is shit, i legit used the machine pistol instead, it soooooo badly need a damage or fire rate or armore piercing buff
Also worth mentioning, the plasma explosion does not seem to destroy bug holes.
Punisher plasma seems like it should be related to the grenade launcher.
They all suck
To think they thought of fire being effective against bugs, but electricity is not effective against bots... seemed like a pretty ez way to identify what gun would be good on which planet, but hey guess they didn't think of that.
What are you on man ? The Arc-Blitzer is total garbage, I am struggling to understand this weapon's purpose in this game... like really.
How did you possibly get that many war bonds that fast
To me, the arc blitzer is meant to be paired with the arc thrower. The main weakness of the arc thrower is it can’t hit things right next to you. So you can just take this thing out and blast everything near you.
10:23 but why would this need scope attachments?  or anything at all. its a shotgun arc thrower, what are you gonna do with a scope?
the dmg/s stats on laser weapons gotta be wrong. doing 150 dmg per second with a laser shouldnt overheat on one small enemy kill. idk something seems off
I was hoping the Blitzer would have the same armor shredding capabilities as the arc thrower but I understand why it wouldn't. That thing would be busted if it did lol
It doesn't make me feel like I'm in Star wars, it makes me feel like I'm a hell diver
The laser pistol looks cool. Much better than the other three options. The stun grenade is cool till you try to close a hole and your like “oh right”
I love the new sickle, but oh my lord does it make berserkers even more annoying. With how beefy they are and the weapons "revving up" moment before firing, handling more than one becomes are real hassle compared to say the slugger or breaker where I can shoot once and then make distance. They feel like the hardest counter to the weapon rn.
Love it
Is the new armour trait only for team damage with the ark launcher? or does it also apply to the Tesla Tower? and the Blitzer? anyways, so pointless, give me something against fire!  and are you sure the stun grenade can't blow bug holes? because the fire grenade can
Plasma is absolute trash
7:36 I can't help but feel the uzi would have just melted those small bugs in close
Thanks for the showcase. This help me choose what to bring into battle
Only fun thing about the plasma punisher is pumping a whole mag straight up in the air and then watch the plasma mortar come down. another gun that doesnt feel good to use
Aoe effect.  Area of effect effect? Lol
Check the body armor available.
The Stun Grenade is key to high difficulty Termicide Tower missions.  Set up a few Tesla Turrets around a tower, equip a Supply Backpack and just toss a grenade every few seconds to prevent the enemies from attacking the tower.
Arc thrower works better vs chargers faces appx 7-8 shots to the face to kill.   Probably the same with the arc shotgun.
At this point I'm surprised they didn't release a gun that shoots rainbows.
i mean.. you are trying to stun a literal tank.. yea don't see that working anytime soon
Plasma Punisher sucks. The range is freak short. It does offer you a total of 96 rounds though.
Plasma punisher best weapon for clearing eggs
The fire delay on the sickle kills it for me. There are too many times when we’re getting swarmed and I need my weapons to perform immediately, not a second  later. This game is too high energy and chaotic for a delay like that. A lot of times 1 second can be the difference between living or dying.
Right now the arc shotgun seems to not work properly , arc ignores armor and this one seems to have light armor pen at most  I can 5 shot a charger with the arc thrower but it just does nothing with the arc shotgun Also unlike the thrower tree shotgun does nothing to the automaton walkers
The sickle has no nuisness being this good, it's not only satisfying to use, but it is also very strong.
Plasma Shot gun is Long rang Slugger, you stick to much on the mind set that it  does Aoe ( well it does but not much)
Thanks for the review bro! Yesterday I used the plasma shotgun and it was beyond awful
"Who would want to use a stun grenade"  Spoken like someone who doesn't use EMS gear lol - Although I'm wondering if it really "stuns" the targets. With the charger animation still going and the tank being able to fire on you, I'm wondering if it's functioning like the speed for the enemies is being set to 0.
I don’t understand why the new laz-16 gun fires physical bolts. Seems lazy
mentions it has a great sound, doesnt give a moment to let us hear the sound and keeps talking over
Game won’t even run. 2 files refuse to validate = crash 💥
Does the plasma shotgun close bug holes and bot vents?
Kinda makes no sense that a plasma firing shotgun arcs like a grenade
I will agree that the sickle is the better weapon of the warbond, but I'm having alot of fun with the plasma shotgun.
If I recall, attacks from within the personal shield will harm you, attacks from the outside won't
I think the ARC-12 BLITZER having a stat that should stun enemies for 1or 2s would be perfectly balanced
I'm gonna honest here it makes sense for a stun grenade to not work on a tank.
FYI the charger's rear is *NOT* a weakspot but a SOFT spot. For example a leg that has it's armor stripped IS a weakspot and the damn creature will die if you even look at it funny as the charger will take extra damage to the exposed leg. In contradt the soft spot on the chargers rear end you will only deal 10% damage to it unless you are using an explosive weapon and even then it takes quite a beating to put down.  The more you know.
Sickle is only good for small bugs
I consider a buff to ammo weapons is due, not necessarily increased capacity. Maybe more ammo spawning on maps or a personal mini resupply stratagem (ammo only? IDK). Currently many weapon combinations depend exclusively on ammo backpack  As is, ammo limited weapons make almost no sense in 8 / 9. At leat in my experience, regardless of usual team member performance, the one that doesn't have any unlimited weapon performs the worse of the team, after the rail gun nerf the most we can justify is one player with supply backpack and grn launcher
Take a drink every time he says "cuz you know its just a laser beam"
best cutting edge review so far
Since the punisher plasma has an explosive modifier, does it blow up factories and bug holes?  Didn't see any testing or mention in it in the video.  Might make it a little more use case if you can lob a shot into a nest instead of relying on grenades or support weapons.
The potential of the stun grenade with the auto cannon is very vast.
Thx, you saved me a lot of medals
The only thing that let me down on this pass was the armor  The colour isn’t the issue, it’s the designs of the armor, they are very flat, no real design features, no sharp curves like on some of the armors which look better than the rest,   If all the armor looks similar to the standard kit you get it just looks flat, generic, it needs more defining features and if it had that, the colour pallet would’ve been fine
Arrowhead are so low key about their new stuff I actually didn't know Cutting Edge was out until like a day after it's release. They are so anti pushy about their microtransactions I actually didn't know there were new ones. That's never happend to me with a live service game before. Nothing but praise for this company and game so far.
Ngl a Stun grenade not stunning a tank makes sense because it's a tank
2:32  "weapons sounds cool".  No sound.  Only you talking. Other than that, thanks for the overview of the weapons.
Majority of the guns in this game are underwhelming. They need to start buffing them.
The overall ammo capacity on the punisher doesnt need buffing.  Take the supply pack.  That’s the whole point of it.  People need to stop wanting buffs to everything in this game when you are already provided with the tools to make loadouts work
With both the arc thrower and the arc shotgun, aim slightly above your target
In a way, at least concerning the Blitzer, I think its normal that some weapons are better against Automatons and others against Terminids. Same with stratagems. If it was the intended move, then I totally agree. I do wonder how the Blitzer compares vs the Arc Thrower. Is it a "primary" replacement or a toned down version as to be able to use it as primary? Havent used the Arc Thrower much so I dont know if that one actually can deal with Titans and Chargers.
My question is does the stun grenade destroy turrets? If I see bugs going for my turret could I chuck the grenade without fear of blowing up my turret?
The plasma shot gun sucks arse and no one I know who has used it thinks otherwise. 😂
PSA, The plasma shotty is good for bots mostly, it can one shot striders hitting it just about anywhere, it does solid damage to devastators especially the riot shield varient, it can also quickly deal with turret towers and tanks by hittin the weakspot, its not a great primary weapon but a good utility weapon, its got its usues
What a bullshit. New weapons are trash.
Protip for people who complain about ammo for their primary: Your secondary exists. It's faster than reloading. Use it.
we got one for temidits and one for autobots. i see that as an absolute win. and stun grenade is greater agaisn hulks as well
Apparently (at least on PS5) the plasma rifle can kill Chargers quickly if you shoot so that the shots explode under the belly.
4:51 aoe already include effect in it, no need to say effect
"Unload in his weak spot." 😂😂😂😂 sorry. This was hilarious.
SG-8P has to be released with a planned buff... or someone needs to be fired. No questions asked!   If you expect people to pay $15 for new warbonds you need to make the weapons feel new or different.  1. SG-8P (PURE CRAP)   2. LAS-16 sickle ( starter weapon with a colour change to fired bullets) + less damage but more 'bullets' = AR 23 liberator.   3. Stun grenade..... (Fn well done) possible best support item in the game. Guy complains and says "if there is lots of enemys"..... the whole basis of the game.   4. Arch-12 blitzer.. copy of statagem weapon. With unlimted ammo which  is needed but essentially a copy with
Punisher plasma 4 taps chargers
I'm a bit disappointed with the ARC-12 Blitzer, it feels like a budget Arc thrower. It's weaker and it has less range. It may be in the shotgun category but none of the mechanics are that of a shotgun. I wish it has some ability to charge up shots or something because its 125 damage per second is quite pitiful especially when you compare it to the near 700 dps of the Sickle.
It's weird that hunters are now more dangerous then chargers.imagine going to a biker bar,call all of them outside,and kick the leader's bike.fists from all sides,almost no chance to escape😂😂😂
There will always be a meta in games like these. Devs need to realize this and make every weapon fun and not nerf guns.
hey guys Im a new player and don't really understand how to unlock weapons. It seems there are three tabs with different amount of pages and each page unlocks with a certain amount of medals but what about the other two tabs? do they unlock once I have everything on the first one?
wish i could change the color of the Sickle to fire blue laser bolts, obviously never gonna happen but it'd be cool to fight the bots like Clone Troopers 🤣
sickle, senator, and lascannon is my new favorite loadout. primary and support dont need ammo, and they're cooldown rate is perfect to pair with eachother as you swap between laser salvos and beams, with the senator for burst damage and self defense. a premium loadout for bots, especially since the sustained fire is best paired with smoke.
So that plasma shotgun one shot kills you but takes more than 1 to kill a hunter?
Thanks for this, you saved me a TON of time and medals.
Basically 3 reskins of already existijg wrapons that got put into a different slot, cool.
So this is definitely for support rolls awesome 😊
I am noticing the Shotgun looks like even if it isn't doing much damage it is stunning the automaton's  and that is great because it allows your team time to breathe reload and hit those headshots or heal.
Great video thank you. Big plus is you sound like Owen Wilson 👍🏼
Thank you for your extremely useful analysis, Helldiver! 🫡
sorry question the bowl helmet you have on - what is it called?
Sickle is a good workhorse weapon and basically an LMG primary. Needs something for close encounters. It's an (even lighter) Stalwart.  Punisher Plasma is a primary slot grenade launcher, it's main use is it striders and spewers, you need to pair it with an MG (Bots) or Stalwart (Bugs) to use as your 'primary'. Sounds niche but i've been getting a lot of games with fookin spewer swarms.  The Blitzer is a lighter Arc Thrower without the range and punching power, good for trash mobs up close but you need to pair it with something hard hitting and accurate. Great for bugs, might have use vs bots if paired w/ an AMR.  If you look at all these guns you realize they're just lighter versions of existing heavy weapons in a primary slot.
9:16 and 12:21 BIG PAUSE (without context)
Does the arc-12 blitzer penetrate heavy armor? Like the arc thrower?
the sickel should have a laser( energy ) sound, atm it sounds like projectiles.
how is the friendly fire of the blitzer?
I had a moment today where my buddy got utterly swarmed by bugs. Like, he was laying down unable to stand with basically a whole pile of bugs coming down on him from all angles. Normally you'd be straight up doomed in this situation, but I quickly tossed my stun grenade at him, and then just kept spamming them, even having to use a supply pack charge as more bugs arrived. Couldn't even see him under all the bugs, as our other two team mates eventually rushed over to help me blast the bugs off of him. He screamed SO much, but finally scrambled out of there alive (and probably severely concussed). Was awesome. xD
12:11 honestly its fine the arc 12 struggles to kill chargers and bile titans. So does every primary
Maybe punisher plasma can be good in eradicate automaton missions but other than that that’s it 😂
Sickle is so good, I can use it on bug missions with the recoiless and not feel like i needed to run the supply pack like when i use other weapons
Saying ”I love how this weapon sounds” in a video without giving us an audio sample when hou already have so much footage of it should be a crime.  Either way, I’m filing a complaint to the ministry of truth.
The devs need to fix weapons most of them just arent that good
I hope this doesn’t become a norm where all new stuff is in premium battlepasses
So, all this content is behind the pay wall, right?
also, the reason for the las-16 to shred like it does it's stats (heat) and (RATE OF FIRE) if you compare the LAS to the liberator the LAS has 112 more ROF..... thats like 8 shots more "per min"
I unlocked the sickle and ive loved it. Its my new favorite primary at least till I get the plasma and lightning shotgun weapons.
Does the arc shotgun have the charge up mechanic the arch thrower support weapon has or is it just a more normal pull the tirgger then recharge type deal? I hate the way the thrower feels to fire.
i know it's not "DA BEST" but i absolutly love the breaker incendiary that shotgun can take out packs of terminid without moving the crosshairs. it's awesome.
I really enjoy the punisher plasma when fighting bots. It's ability to one shot striders and stunlock even shield devestators is rather nice. It is also deceptively good for ammo since it kills everything below a devestator in 1 shot.
The charger has a better weak spot if you can blow off a bit of his front legs and hit the wound they go down way quicker one good missile shot and some regular fire and they're down
when i treid the punisher i shot through the legs of the botsand behind them when  aimed at them ^^ kinda need to aim at the feet or something and calculate that drop off, feels really bad
All in all I think all of the weapons in the new warbond are in a good spot. They can be very effective with the right tactics, but none of them are game breakingly overpowered. Which is good imo, because that means the game isn't pay to win.
Isn’t this pay to win? It’s a premium warbond… or am I the only one asking this…
No flashlight it a bonus for me. Too often the flashlight makes it harder to see what I'm aiming at.
Does the super citizen version of the game come with both of those war bonds or do you need to pay extra to get the new one?
All you YouTubers never heard the word automaton before hell divers?😂
I wasnt able too try the new Sidearm but i agree on the 3 new Primaryweapons 👍
Never have I played a game with so many useless weapons.
bro, it's been 1 day xD
A stun grenade doesn't work on a tank? Checks out.
The thing with shots clipping through enemies is sadly pretty common with Raiders specifically
The Dagger absolutely sucks. The other new weapons are great.
That’s quick lol
6:07 Important note: double the extra mags of higher-cap mag shotguns, so you're not getting less overall ammo.
The blitzer should chain a little more
Totally agree with the Sickle. It's a game changer. So on point and take out the bugs with just a few shots. I was pretty frustrated after the nerf of the Breaker. But no this is my go-to weapon combined with the new hand gun. You're a one man army.
did not like the first laser rifle at all, its just a sligthly more powerfull liberator that makes you worry about overheating all the time when shit hits the fan. wich happens all the time in helldivers. Liberator all the way boys, you can keep your fancy new age star wars weapons, give me a rifle with bullets any day.
damn youve got a wildly different opinion than i do for the Blitzer, i was fighting the bugs and going "holy shit this weapon sucks", everytime i shot anything other than the smallest bugs, it cant even consistently one shot the small warrior bugs, and with how long it takes to shoot again i found that really bad. for everything other than a swarm of scavengers it just felt terrible to me, and dont even try to use it agiant stalkers, cant even 1v1 one of them.
I fucking LOVE these weapons, god I want that arc weapon and lazer pistol,  and stun grenades. And the with engineering set to hold 2 more Grenades. I’m in love
7:40 as he struggles to take out a hunter with it, where the SMG sidearm would easily deal with it even on semi...
Appreciate the run down, that was helpful!
Overall I like that even if some primaries are useless against chargers, they are better dealing with swarms as usual issue with chargers is that they do not come alone. So a teammate who knows they cannot do anything vs chargers, will focus on cleaning swarms while rest of the team focus bring down chargers.  Overall it encourages teamplay but also stragetize during even pre-drop to think what weapons others bring and what you bring on table in missions. What is your 'role' so to speak.
Pretty sure you should be just aiming for head on chargers and titans with arc shotgun as it ignores armor anyways. Damage mutliplication will do the job, but probably just like with arc thrower it will take a good while before bringing either down
The laser choppa all i ever wanted
Laser pistol with front shield backpack (where u reflect laser shots) would be a good combo against robots now I think
I tried comparing the scorcher to the sickle. The scorcher completely outperforms it as long as you maintain your safety distance. The fact that the sickle doesn't penetrate the prawns is a huge downside.
There’s no way they don’t nerf the Sickle. Not only does it deal great damage, is accurate and easy to use, but it also has heat packs for ammo and you can let them cool down to save on ammo. In top of that, there are 6 heat packs available, so if you do have to blow through one you can load another, which loads as fast as every other gun. Basically it’s a powerful weapon with no downsides. It’s even super accurate in first person mode.
The Arc Blitzer acts just like the Arc Thrower against chargers, its better to consistently hit the head to kill it. The way i kill chargers with the Arc Thrower is hitting in the head about 6-10 times and becauser the head has its own healthpool, if i kill the head it kills the charger. The same applies to the Blitzer, which is why doing flank tactics to kill a charger doesnt work as well when using Arc weapons.
Problem with the new weps that all of them is fucking amasing unlike the first ones.  Everyone shut up who says they are op or we loss them and have to deal with the enemy again without usable weps.
The weapon balance is still quite bad across the board there are still so many guns that feel extremely weak especially the base ones  That being said if weapon balance and variety (not enough AR's and SMG's) are the only weak parts of your game you're pretty safe as they are both easily fixed
this game has just one big problem: balancing weapons....arrowhead need some specialist to do this job
Thx for the video! Any thoughts on new booster?
There is the armor that protects you against electricity dmg by 90% it might work against the shotgun you talked about in start but not sure since it says explosive
+1 sub
Does the Stun stun yourself and Teammates?  Makes sense a Stund Granade doesn't stun a Tank.
If the blitzer's arcs work like the arc thrower they will ignore armour. Bc of this you can just shoot the head of the charger and get some juicy headshot damage as well
Wow the Blitzer sounds like yet another perfect fit for the EAT and stun grenade
Can the plasma shotgun seal holes?
Great video thanks man
the plasma shot gun is a light grenade launcher made primary. You have to appair it with a gattling as secondary.
Man, the Punisher Plasma SUCKS. Of all the primary guns available it's gotta be the most useless.
The weak spot of a charger isn't it's butt though, it's definitely the head. Any weapon that could deal damage to the chargers head before the most recent patch now does even more damage to it after the patch. The arc thrower for example used to take like 12 shots or more to kill a charger by hitting it in it's head and now it takes 6. If you were using the arc shotgun on its head, probably could've killed it faster.
I want to love the Blitzer but the arc spread is very unpredictable. Sometimes it chains, sometimes it just hits one even though it's a swarm. I'm guessing there is proper coding to it (like hitting the enemy with the biggest mass or something) or it's just random. I still can't get behind the Punisher Plasma but my mistake was trying it out on the bots first and it was infuriating. I also don't know why they put the Dagger on the third page, because it's basically useless in my playthroughs so far lol Can't even take down a mid size enemy on a full heat sink, unlike the Redeemer which I will still stick to.
Sickle is probably the best gun in the game right now so long as your not on a hot planet and know when to let the weapon cool down, 10/10  Punisher just... it fills the role of the grenade launcher, while filling that role poorly, it needs some TLC or a bit more time in the oven to cook, 3/10  Dagger is neat, but wont be replacing the machine pistol as it has the same weaknesses that hold back the sythe from being really good, 4/10  Blitzer is neat on paper, but just doesn't feel good to use, its really hard to use against bots, bugs it does alright but Id rather just have a normal shotgun in most cases, 4/10  Sickle honestly is the only really good weapon in this pack, it just does its job really well, and I suspect it'll get a nerf in the future just like the railgun did as I feel like its overperforming compared to most other primaries.
Useless weapons except the grenade. Lets see what the final weapon will bring which i will unlock today. Other than that its as useless as the last premium battle pass. I have a feeling that overall 80% of weapons and stratagems are useless or make no sense compare dto others
I mean 3 shots for a Devastator with the SG-8P was a lot faster than your footage of the ne LAS-16 Sickle, you also AOEd the enemies to death and stunlocked them.  I dont really get why you rated it worse than the Sickle.
see i played a few matches with the sickle and went right back to the punisher. That knockback is way to OP
I mean why would a stun grenade do anything to a tank 😂
hello please consider stopping making videos
The plasma definitely has a place it could be part of a good team build but not very useful for normal use
I quite like the idea that they introduce weapons that work better against one kind than the other of enemies. Makes you plan in advance instead of just always using the same equipment
why would you think a stun grenade would work on a tank
in Helldivers 1, laaer weapons did more dmg the more they overheat.. not sure if the transfered that mechanic here. it doesnt seem so
Stungrenade plus Autocannon is an insane combo, btw.
The sickle looks very similar to the laser rifle of Fallout
Reason you killed yourself with the SG8-P when shooting at the ground was because the shield bubble clips through the ground. The plasma explosion was contained within the shield. The sheild is a physical object in the game with it's own hitbox, it's not just an extra HP bar on your character.
Tanks were never effected by EMS so I’m not shocked the stun nade doesn’t do anything
the sickle reminds me off the laser rifle from fallout 4
So the new shottie against bugs and whatever you were using before against bots. Seems straightforward to me.
au·tom·a·ton
Thanks :D
All horrifically underpowered
And my test on the Stun Grenades: They are unable to close Bug  Spawn Holes. You need either a team mate with any other explosive grenade or you need a Weapon that can destroy the Bug Holes.  i had to end a mission pre-emptrively because i strangely had nothing to finish the mission with.
Remember, the weapon and stratagem upgrading system isn't yet in the game, since it wasn't ready at launch, do all of these weapons will become even better
i'll stick to my breaker shotgun, thank you very much
So i only had enough medals to choose from the sg8s Slugger or the new plasma punisher......went for the Slugger. I Feel as though i made the correct choice. Now the new Las16Sickle however, that was definitely worthy
The Punisher Plasma should had been an Autoshotgun like the Breaker. higher fire rate and maybe about 10 shots per mag to dish out at least some more rapid damage for its just 100 damage. some other shotguns feel a bit weaker even with 125 or 130 damager per shot as an autoshotgun.  or at least individual shell relaod like the regular Punisher since you can reload a few shells pretty quickly in short moments
The punisher plasma is better than it looks. It rewards precision, like the DMRs. Carefully placed shots can nuke down hordes of encroaching bugs, and it comes with hefty stagger. It also appears to have a larger AoE the further it travels, judging by the video. So kiting with this weapon is a must to get maximum value. Being so high explosive also means it obliterates light walkers, and can get around the shields and directional armors of most enemies letting you very easily kill things regardless of positioning. Just don't shoot things that are in your face. It seems like an excellent general use weapon to pair with a dedicated anti-tank option and an emergency pistol
I think, the plasma weapons hit through shields, because the damage I get even with the shield on is huge. Maybe it will be good against the Illuminate, since they use shields… Just my thought 🤔
Like all other laser weapons the sickle lacks DPS. I've used it exclusively on the "cold" planets and found myself surrounded by trash mobs very frequently because the DPS just cant keep up with the amount of AI the game throws at you on 7+. Maybe I'm just unlucky with my randoms that rarely provide cover/help.
I’m it sure if I’m right  But I also thought that electricity would affect the automatrons in a negative way then I started thinking and in reality it’s giving them more energy  Automatons are affected by explosion and the termaids with electricity  The next faction maybe fire ?
The plasma punisher works best if you treat it like a grenade launcher
I think the reason why the arc shotgun do shit dmg to bigger enemies like the charger or titan is because its lightning does not pass thru like the arc thrower?
Were you playing on PS5 lobbies or? cause gotta note that, difficulty isn't the same as it is for PC player. What feel good for you might not be for pc player.. like the Sickle does Jackshit to the Spewers.. no matter where you hit, it take 2 business day to take down one..
do you think they will add melee weapons?
Personally,i can agree to some extent with the review.  Sickle has to be the new best assault rifle type weapon available,high damage,high fire rate,amazing accuracy,and amazing handling,its perfect. Cant reccomend more,ot makes the 1k sc waste worth it  Plasma punisher needs its "hitbox detection" fixed so it stops clipping trough enemies,and most importantly increase the aoe/ damage or increase the mag size,cause right now it feels bad,the stock punisher will do better at horde clear than its "horde clearing" variant.  Avoid unless you want to destroy your kneecaps.  The arc shotgun honestly feels like the biggest dissappointment of them all.Unlike in HD1,where it felt amazing at mopping the smaller targets like they are nothing,here it has inconsistent damage, no charge mechanic (it was said that you can charge it for more damage,but apparently it got cut or is bugged) only useful thing is that it can stagger bugs decently...but this isnt liberator explos...i mean concussive (way to avoid buffingnit am i right?) If i want to stagger opponents,ill just take my punishers/liberator concussive.And against bots is...i would prefer getting the spray and pray,it makes me cry. As of now,i can only ask for its charge mechanic implimented /damage buff. It makes me sad that the gun took such a massive nerf bonk.  The dagger is a meme,you only use it for the funny,cause u do more damage with it when you trow it at the enemy than actually shooting it,it also overheats as fast as my 20yo pc when i think about it running crysis. Dagger and Scythe need a damage buff to make them usefull...also the red dot for the dagger is so small and inconvinient that aiming with it is a chore in 1st person,i cant even see the broadside of a ship with it.
I find it amazing how completely different the various reviews of the weapons are from different creators. This game is brilliant and i guarantee most of us will find out our own favourites. I do enjoy the opposing views though.
People are really sleeping on the Plasma Punisher. Because it's explosive and has an explosive AOE it does damage twice: On impact and the explosion, so the initial target of your shot will be dealt 200dmg. By extension it having an AOE it's great  at taking out walker in just a single hit. 200 damage is also enough to kill a lot of enemies in a single hit (on a direct hit of course.). With how AOE damage in Helldivers works it also bypasses armour, making it capable of damaging Chargers and Bile Titans (not ideal, but it's something in a pinch), but the most important feature of this weapon is that it stuns enemies, making you very capable of controlling engagement distance when fighting bugs. Pair it with a jetpack and you're the bane of large groups of enemies and no other primary will outshine it in this role.  Is it the best weapon in the game? Of course not, however it has properties that make it a very capable in various circumstances and people are really underselling its capabilities.
The Blitzer is the most unreliable weapon I have ever used. I used it against the bugs all night and I just hate it. It very often just hits one target even if many are in front of you. It is often blocked by anything between you and your target. You will miss point blank shots. It's rate of fire is miserably slow. I will now take ANY other weapon over this thing. You might need more time with it - especially scenarios like in your video when the bugs can't even get to you because you're on the pipe... Every other gun will kill a horde faster than this freaking sparkler
Makes sense that the blitzer is weaker then the arc thrower, if it wasnt it will mske it rather usless
Bots seem to resist all elemental damage. Be it fire or lightning. I feel like fire should be amazing for bugs and lightning be amazing for bots. It only makes sense. who here is willing to get a bunch of static electricity and touch your computer tower? Yeah no one. Because it would fucking roast it instantly I know i wouldn't risk it. Arc thrower should 1 hit most of the weak bots. and it should 2 - 3 shot the chainsaw bots.
Enjoy it while we can. Can already tell which ones will be nerfed.
The Sickle releases. Every Helldiver now: "FOR THE EMPEROR! CADIA STANDS! PURGE THE XENOS!! THE PLANET BROKE BEFORE THE GUARD!!"
The dagger is hot garbage.
I feel like the Arc Blitzer is supposed to be used together with the Arc Thrower (who could've guessed). Arc thrower tends to be good at range but heavily struggle in close-quarters where it just starts hitting the floor instead or just straight up misses which is where you use the blitzer. And when it comes to heavy targets like chargers you use the arc thrower to deal with them.
The Punisher Plasma vs Medium armour is no contest. Try shooting underneath a charger and see what happens.
the sickle is honestly just a straight upgrade to the base liberator ( a decent gun already ) same damage better mag , better fire rate and less recoil it's going to be meta, same with the dagger the SG PP Very good for trash mobs the aoe feel like it gets bigger the farther you throw, not good with armor tho, i've also noticed that it has insane stagger like things get knocked around which is good for creating distance.  Haven't played with the blitzer but seems to situational ( based on vid ) but that's fine as adapting to your enemy is the point of the game should be fun with the terminids great battle pass imo
I found that honestly all the weapons are ok but only the sickle is something ill continue to use. I have every warbond maxed out and everything else in the game (have around 400 hours) and I can say that they either need to buff these weapons a little more AOE wise or make them stronger vs automatons because it feels pretty weak against a mob made of electricity
The best clearing weapons I've found so far is arc thrower with laser dog
Bur it's a primary..so just bring EAT with it for big bugs and bots?
I hope in future updates they will add new perks to all helmets. Like NVGs and a variety of respirators (with better stamina recovery or gas resistance).
Sadly stunning a tank means you stop it from moving but the turret and cannon still work which is only good if your trying to keep it from running away from the air strike
The sickle has 100 shots before overheating!!
hopefully they buff the plasma shotgun, because it could be a real good high skill ceiling weapon. To be fair killing walkers in a shot against robots is a nice perk. The pistol not 100% sure about, it's pretty nice but the auto pistol is amazing.
Arc shotgun is good against bugs just like every other shotgun, the only shotgun that's good against automatons is the slugger but if you're fighting bots your best bet is the jar dominator and an auto cannon or recoilless, all the guns that are good against automatons are far in the warbonds and the new one is more variety but nothing ground breaking
LAS-Sickle = Star Wars   LAS-Dagger Pistol = Star Trek
chargers weak spot are its legs
potentially unlimited ammo doesn't exist when there's a downtime where you need to let it cool or recharge it :/, they play the same way as any gun with bullets at that point.
Orbital emp does nothing to tanks either and slows ya down. i just wish it had 1 or 2 less seconds to call in for more consitant hits on chargers.
Fire has not failed me yet, anything with fire merks anything in it's path😂
That's not the charger's weak spot (the rear squishy bit), it's just a soft spot. Weak spot are the legs when legs are cracked or the head if you can pen it.
with that laser pistol my dreams of becoming the lord of lasers is that much closer to completion.  We have laser primary, laser secondary, laser cannon support weapon, laser guard dog backpack, and orbital laser.  Now I just need a laser turret and a laser grenade and I'll be all set.  I didn't forget about stims but laser stims is a stupid idea that probably originated with the automatons.
The stun gernades look like what id use most. But i wont be getting them anytime soon.
The blitzer is an interesting weapon. It horrible agains bots but destroys bugs. For one, it one shots most smaller guys. For two it stuns/knickknacks anything it doesn’t one shot for about .5-1 second. Because of its stun/knock back, stalkers become a breeze. Plus it’s got that oh so sweet infinite ammo.  At the moment it is my favorite weapon for the quick run and gun build I use for most bug missions. Jet pack, EAT launcher, rail cannon and eagle air strike. Stay on the move while constantly spamming this thing behind to take care of little guys. When a charger shows up shove an EAT rocket in its face and say farewell. When a Titan shows up hit em with the railcanon and one of two EAT rockets to the face. Use the eagle airstrike for bug nests or taking the out herds of bile spewers.  Using this build granted me my first ever solo level 9 no death run on bugs. Highly recommend checking it out.
i reckon that the ARC-12 blitzer is supposed to be like an opposite to the jar-5 dominator because that thing shreds bots but is pretty bad against bugs while the blitzer is the opposite
it overheats pretty quick? it has 100 shots so way better then the liberator with its 45 :-)
Scorcher is still the best
How you unlock it?
Dagger looks absolutely useless.
Good to know ahead of when they get nerfed lol.
the charger's weak spot is NOT the abdomen, it is the head...
Charger has unarmored spots but no weakspots.
The only thing worth getting is the grenade
They gone nerf the Sickle because people enjoy it
So none of them are top tier weapons awesome
Sickle is fantastic and I'm afraid they're gonna nerf it cause it's so effective lol. I found the Blitzer the most underwhelming of the new weapons, granted I only played against bugs. Good at getting rid of small fry, but not the best at bigger stuff
One thing I hope everyone understands is the Plasma Punisher is a support weapon. Every single weapon in this game has ups and downs. Sure you can just all run the most dps but being synergistic with your team is the name of the game. I mean it should be evident to anyone that the game was made for players to find their own builds, make player archetypes, etc. The inclusion of chemical, heat, and electric damage is for that exact reason.
Mix the Arc Thrower, Blitzer and Rover guard dog and you have yourself the best pest control role in the game.   The Arc Thrower can deal with the Titan and Charger easily.
The plasma grenade Shotgun is good at killing chargers.   Shoot underneath it.
How in God's name do you rate the Blitzer highly at all? It does less dps than harsh language. In your own video we're watching it struggle to kill a small group of mid-sized bugs, while any of the other shotguns would have quickly and effortlessly cleaned them all up. Unlimited ammo is nice, but only if the weapon does something *with* that ammo.  The Sickle is an example of how an energy weapon should be. Not overpowered, just a solid all-rounder that can have infinite ammo if you're careful, or for a limited time dish out dps at full speed by 'reloading' it.
maybe the automatons are like the robots in DRG. In DRG they aren't vulnerable to electrical attacks because their internal components are electrically shielded, but are vulnerable to overheating so fire is excellent against them. I guess in that aspect they aren't the same though, cus I once tried the flamethrower on a group of berserkers and all I managed to do was turn them into flaming berserkers.
EMP grenade would be a pretty neat addition to the game
Well makes sense electricity doesn’t piece armor of course arc weapons won’t do anything against the mini bosses and big bosses 😢
"i cant stun the tank" LoL is a stun granade,not a EMP granade xD.Very good videos my man,keep the good work!!
For arc-12 i recommend using laser drone to clear out isolated or hunters that close to u. Since this gun has slow fire rate u should do hit and run playstyle
all 3 of them suck, wait until the silienced AR drops (light blue color) now that's the weapon i was hoping to see released.
*not designed for straight up in your face* ah so you mean 80% of enimies out there?
im just commenting to help with the algorithm
I think you’re insane if you think the las pistol or blitzer is any good
The new warbond is for the new faction of enemies we will soon get
How the hell did you unlock and test everything already ! Lol
I feel like the Dagger needs to do the same damage as the Scythe, but have half the heat capacity and the smaller reserve of sinks. It really just tickles things.
If plasma could take out bug holes or factories then id be more interested in it but currently do not like it after trying it out.
It'a depressing that plasma weapons explosion effect gets bigger the further the shot lands from you, but in reality it's just a visual effect, the splash range remains the same, would be a nice buff considering the low ammo capacities
Plasma shotgun hurts you and the team more than the enemy. We all know they’re never gonna buff it tho. Theyd rather just nerf the Sickle.
I'm tired of the devs gaslighting people into thinking the charger butt is the "weakspot" when the charger has BREAKABLE ARMOR on its FRON LEGS
Machine gun is still da way
the shotgun with the autocannon stratagem seems like a nice combo. the cannon for the heavier units and then the shotgun for the light ones.
With the plasma SG-8P Punisher Plasma I think you need more tests done at least agains automotons. With the shotgun it kills the devastators, rocket, and shield in 4 shots as long as its a direct hit. If it hits near them it does little damage. The best part is against rocket devastators because a direct hit will get it to stagger which gives you time for another hit or maybe cover. It one shots the walkers consistently. I need to do more testing but when I was on a defend mission I hit a hulk in its weak spot and it exploded. (Now idk if the hulk took mortar damage or any turret damage so there's many factors that could have happened.)  Now I do wanna try to see if it does anything against tank or tower weak spots. It is a support weapon. Your role if you choose this gun is most likely taking on bigger guys or staggering a mob so your teammates can get some damage. I think its a very balanced weapon even though I would love more ammo. This gun arcs its shots so it definitely takes alot of skill to use but so far loving this and the breacher shotgun.
Laser pistol so mid, wtf u talkign about
i disagree with the dagger and stun, the redeemer and senator are better secondaries, the dagger just isnt as fast in killing enemies as the redeemer or senator, its just a worse scythe, which is already painful to run. the stun does make sense against chargers and titans, but if you just time your orbitals you dont need the stuns. as the impact or default easily clear factories/holes its just needlessly giving up a gear slot for now, especially when you never know if there will be stalkers or not. however, when the grenade pistol comes in, the stun or thermite grenade may definitely be worth running. if you are however running level 6 or 7, mayne more focused on samples, just have fun, its a funny game anyways so meme if you want.
blitzer ruined for me because of chronic arc thrower addiction
A more accurate damage test for the chargers would be to break the leg armour. They take more damage on their legs that the back end.
12:10 hey in regards to this, I'm fairly sure that arc weapons vs chargers have some kind of per-bodypart HP pool that isn't shared, at least I notice when using the arcthrower vs chargers it's like 6 shots to the head to kill the charger, and you can do 6 shots to its ass first and then it still takes 6 shots to the head to kill the charger, so that might be why it took so long to kill, you were spreading the damage out to different body parts and it took you a long time to reduce any of the hp pools to 0 The damage of the gun is still not enough to replace the arc thrower though
Lame the armor is all the same effects.
The zapper reminds me of a supersoaker pump action water gun
Sickle is for sure the best primary weapon. It does the damage of a normal AR, but with the option to use no ammo if you conserve. The biggest complaint I've overheard is that it overheats too quickly...bruh, why do you think you have 6 HEAT SINKS. That's 6 mags. It reloads super quickly, if you get swarmed you can shoot through 5 mags which gives you over a minute of nearly continuous, high damage fire, then have 1 heat sink in your back pocket and conserve heat until you get an ammo drop. Don't treat it like the Scythe, use those heatsinks.   Also, try using it prone ADS, it is a fucking laser, pun intended. It already has nearly no recoil, and the spread pattern tightens up to nearly nothing when prone. Best sniper in the game, best ammo friendly weapon in the game, solid DPS, and can shoot for ages with quick reloads...it's not just a good all rounder, it's either the best or nearly the best primary by every single metric.
Sickle is amazing. I'm very very disappoined in the Plasma. The arc is awful. the radius is 'meh' the damage is 'meh' and it can't even close bug-holes. I'll stick with Arc gun and Sickle, thanks.
I really hate the Sickle's delay / spool up time. I'd get it if this was like a laser minigun that could sustain fire for a long time, but this thing overheats within 10 secs... This was almost a perfect all-rounder—but in such a chaotic game, that delay is just too much of a liability.  ARs in this game feel so underpowered. I mean, time-to-kill on this gun feels right, but that delay + overheat really hampers it.....  Sorry for the rant. I love this game but most weapons feel useless.
The charger’s butt is not a weak spot in the sense that you do more dmg, when shooting it’s butt you do normal dmg to it’s health pool. Furthermore, arc type weapons (are thrower, are blitzer) ignore armour so you should try to shoot the charger’s in the face where you do significantly more dmg (5 - 6 shots to the head with the arc thrower kill a charger)
“Overheats pretty quickly” damn. 100 bullets before overheating is not enough seems.
Stun grenade gonna be nerf soon
I was kinda hyped about blitzer that i could finally switch out of arc thrower. I have no problems soloing a titan or fighting 2 chargers with just arc thrower alone
The SG-8P is a nightmare to try to use. I’ve never seen anything that simultaneously hits like a truck and a napkin at the same time.
It looks like the Blitzer's shots are affected by armor. Which... feels weird and inconsistent with how the Arc Thrower taught me how that damage type is supposed to work. Would explain why it slaughters soft bug targets and struggles against bots and armored Terminids.
LASGUNS!
Sounds to me like you want the sicle against the bots and the electric shotty against the bugs
The plasma shot gun is good against bots and bug groups.
this guy doesnt have a brain
Not sure if it was a bug but I was 5 shotting charged to the head with the arc gun
The bulb on the back isnt the chargers weakspot. Its head and unintentionally its legs are what take em down quick. Theyre only a decent target for weapons without penetration which arc weapons go through armor.
Bro the punisher plasma does not seem situational at all, just needs more ammo cap, faster reload in general, and significantly higher damage.   Also if you pay attention to the AOE, the silly thing does more damage to helldivers than the tiny terminids
Who would have thought a stun grenade wouldn’t work on a vehicle.
how long before they nerf all these into being lame and feeling useless like the rest of the guns in the game
Thanks for this. So far I just have the sickle, and I also really like it.
my humble opinion... the phaser gun is crap... against bugs and automatons the stun from the shotgun is nice by yourself your unable to crowd control neither bugs nor automatons the booster seems to be pretty nice, preferably in automaton missions the sickle and nade rocks  the armor.... well if u make up the whole team with tesla coils and so arc launchers it might be fun need fire resistance when we got fire tornados!
Heat weapons either cool down faster on cold planets or take longer to over heat don’t remember which one maybe even both
I find a really cool reason to use the electricity weapons is that, at least on the terminus’s it’s just ignores armour, like you can just keep shooting a charger from any angle and you’ll kill it in no time, I find that the best reason to use them
At least now I can have 2 electric guns, one for long range and blasting heavily armored enemies, and one for swarms of hunters.
Why do you need a zoom for a shotgun lmao this is the most pointless content I've ever seen
If you think the stun grenades are great , can’t wait for those inevitable EMP grenades.
i stayed up all night just so i could go in and unlock as much as i could as soon as the new warbond dropped (it became available at around 3:10 am north America west), and i couldn't be happier. it was my absolute favourite weapon in hd1 (devs, when are we getting the trident, please i beg you) and its iteration in hd2 is perfect! it really just feels like a laser liberator, which is exactly what its supposed to be! and and it feels so good! the weapon has great damage which is balanced by the rather quick heat buildup if you get into an extended fight. (i have also noted that heat buildup seems to be the same for all planet types, cold, normal and hot. BUT, it seems they affect the rate at which the weapon sheds heat when not in use). overall the sickle is a fantastic example of how weapons should be balanced for future updates, and if it gets nerfed for some unholy reason, there will be a riot.
I hate the way the sickle is aesthetically positioned on the body in slung form other than that 10/10 for me.
The plamsa shotgun just plain sucks. There is NO situation it can be used in.
I think one thing you glossed over with the Blitzer that makes it an option is that is staggers like crazy. Any enemy hit by it will get staggered and give you breathing room. That allows you to somewhat keep a group of enemies at bay whilst doing damage to them.
Ammo is not a big deal in this game and it's most definitely a skill issue. Balancing anything around ammo is a huge miss with how common ammo is all around you, even on a team of 4.
With the plasma punisher, remember, we have armor that reduces arc dmg by 95%. You really should have considered that. If you wear the armor while fighting bugs, you can literally shoot the floor under you as you get swarmed. That is in theory. I haven't tried it yet, but i might be wrong because it say explosive dmg, so idk. Someone needs to test it. It might be really good against bugs if the armor does work.
The arc thrower just invalidates all of the primary weapons. It's infinite and does everything better. The redeemer does enough damage to be a primary "oh shit" button. Because the primaries are so weak, it's best to just use both for the same slot which is getting trash off of you in order to use the arc thrower.
Charger weakness is the ready up before its charge. It raises its head and thats when you shoot it(with the arc I mean) so I hope it would be the same with this arc(mini?) but seems to have a lot less aiming capabilities so not sure. Otherwise, all of them seem dissapointing as energy seems to usually be in games for me personally. Hope they give major buffs to energy weapons in the future, ill keep to my one handed "uzi" weapons for now lol.
Its kinda funny how I found the Sickle to be underwhelming and plasma gun to be great in my First Impressions due to my playstyle.  Im still hovering around difficulty 6 and 7, so idk how it fares in 8 and 9 I use my primary (usually the breaker) to deal with stuff that is somewhat armoured and a bit tough (like hive guards, warriors, spewers, stalker), while I deal with other targets with arc/flame thrower/clusterbomb/500kg  I think the Sickle and Plasma are both good weapons, or could be mid/trash depending on ur playstyle
Hey friends Anyone know if you can cook bacon in the air fryer? If you can how, long should one cook said bacon?
the electric thing is basically the arc thrower, wish this thing got a buff but yeah against small groups there is no comparaison
remember the arc weapons go through armor! dont aim for the butt of a charger hit it in the head for maximum damage!
i think the punisher plasma might get a little more love if the sickle didn't exist. the punisher plasma's mag size and fire rate might leave something to be desired, but it has 96(?) total shots, 36 more than the normal punisher, and you 4 shot a devastator at 4:14 so you have a gun with AoE which is nice in some situations, and it's extremely ammo efficient for medium-armored targets apparently. but ammo efficiency is pretty irrelevant when the sickle exists unfortunately. since the sickle combines extremely high DPS with potentially unlimited ammo.   i do think the plasma p has a place vs automatons, according to your footage, because of it's effectiveness vs devastators and potentially the chainsaw guys. AND every shot of the plasma shotgun staggered that devastator. if it can do AoE stagger to the chainsaw guys, that's a very big win. but vs bugs the sickle is 100% a better choice in almost any situation.
I disagree most of this dude says.  -Punisher Plasma- is great, he just dont have the talent to use it right. It liks M4 grenade launcher, need to practice the distance and angel till it become a nature skill.   -LAS laser pistol- is a joke. When you draw out a pistol, most likely is an emergency like several jumpers on your face or multi stalkers in close range. You need instant fire power to kill, not some gentle low damage slow laser pistol.   -Stun nads- are joke as well, how would you blow the nests or factory then? wait your teammate do it for you? Well then you are a liability. there are many ways to deal with chargers and titan, you just dont carry 4 stun grenades and lose ability to clear nests.    -Arc-Blitzer- only good when situation is calm. and became useless in swarm out break. It cant hit more than 2 targets, most of time it only concentrate on 1 bug. with only 200 damage and super slow fire rate, regardless unlimited ammo or not, it just couldn't kill fast enough. It needs about 4-5 shorts to kill a shield bug, 3-4shoots on that fat yellow worm. And it deal nearly zero damage to Chargers. Are thrower is way much better.   So ye, this dude's word is not truth worth, or he just dont play that much that good
Does the plasma punisher have the ability to close bug holes or bot factories? If it does then its just a GL without bouncing nades, pretend its a support weapon and run stalwart or something as a fake primary maybe
please can you say in your videos that every weapon is bad? Please they already nerfed railgun coz of youtubers...can you stop?
Lol.. really stun grenade a tank?hahaha
The punisher plasma is good for the egg destroying missions too, splash damage gets a big cluster of them at once.
Do you test these weapons on helldive?
"I don't know what to think of it. It's one of the best weapons in the game, and one of the worst."  Balanced, the word you're looking for here is balanced
Laspistol + riot shield for bots sounds like a winning combo
"this weapon sounds so cool" doesn't stop talking so we can hear it
"Ran behind it, and was able to unload in its weak spot." 😏
mfw i throw a flashbang at an abrams and expect it to do something
Don't forget, the thorax of the charger only takes significant damage from explosive weapons, otherwise all damage done to that area is reduced
Does the Plasma Punisher destroy bug holes and fabricators? It might have lackluster performance as a general use weapon, but for kits where your primary weapon is realistically your stratagem gun (which is how I tend to use the AMR), I think it might have some utility for clearing small groups and quickly dispatching spawners. Especially if you play with the new stun grenade, which goes hard but can't break spawners.
The punisher plasma is better vs bots because it's like having a grenade launcher with very low muzzle velocity. Arcs over cover, I guess. It's fine. Just alright.
tried all of them, some are fun to use. But when it comes to bad situation, I wish if only my Breaker is in my hand.
The overheating is not bad at all on the sickle imo, on the majority of missions it's not going to overheat by the time you've used it to clear the hunters, and on defense missions like the event right now or exterminate missions 6 reloads is WAY more than enough, and if ammo is still an issue you can just bring supply pack or use a different gun for those missions specifically.
The sickle in 1 was my main.
5:40 - Any gun that is incapable of killing bugs but yet very capable at instant killing you and your team mates in one shot needs to be dismantled.     I would also like to request the person who designed such a disappointment to be reeducated.
I don't know who still needs to hear this, but the Charger's butt is not a "weakspot." It's just unarmored. It actually has way more HP than any other body part, and is always the slowest way of killing a Charger.
So I've noticed arc weapons are much better if you shoot above enemies heads. Tracks better and does more damage. Makes sense I suppose since the part of voltage that burns is the arcing created when  a charge forcibly passes through a target on it's way to the ground. Bot's are tall while bugs sit lower to the ground. seems like bots should be staggered by it though.
The only complaint about the Sickle is the spool up I was hoping that because it fires more like a normal rifle it wouldn't have that.
I love everything about the sickle. It's so awesome
"Explosives Expert" loadout: 500lb bomb, heavy airstrike, grenade launcher, expendable anti tank, stun grenades, +2 grenade armor, plasma shot gun (it is a mini plasma grenade launcher), and then your favorite secondary weapon?
Idea: sawed off type shotgun for sidearm🤔
Maybe if the lobbing plasma shotgun shot multiple balls instead of just one at the cost of one ammo, maybe charging it up and releasing 3 balls that have a small cluster explosion when directly impacting enemies.
"I was having a BLAST with this grenade" I hope so! ;)
I mean your main and secondary weapon is suppose to be only good against the smaller enemies, you're supposed to use strategems against any heavier enemies that's why we have so many of them
i would imagine firing your primary till it almost overheats then switching to your pistol and doing the same until your primary is cooled off again will probably be the move here
Agree with everything in this video except the blitzer. I have been using it a decent bit because its so cool but honestly its so incredibly situational in my opinion that its not worth using at all. I don't understand what he's saying about it being good for bugs. It kills groups of even the smallest bugs slower/worse than almost any other weapon. It is basically a very weak stun for an area in front of you. It has the same problem as the arc thrower where it chooses to arc towards cover or bodies very frequently which completely negates the already low damage. The arc thrower is good because its incredibly spammable with great damage and ignores armor but the blitzer has none of that except the ammo but keeps the downsides. It is completely worthless against bots like he said and something he didn't even say is the range is quite low so even getting close to the bots is hard enough and then for it to do basically no damage seals the deal. Scorcher is still my fav for bots atm. Overall I say make your own opinion of it but for me its sadly the coolest and worst gun in the entire game. Even the diligence counter sniper feels better than it which is saying something. I think to make it even viable the devs would have to give it light armor penetration or at minimum double the fire rate.
Plasma shotty 100 dmg?? It says 250 for me
Don’t think it’s fair to say the blitzer is one of the worst weapons in the game because it can’t take down chargers or titans … that’s the case for literally every primary in the game. It’s almost as if you were expecting it to perform like a support weapon
TL;DR: All new weapons are weak  Sickle is ok, but needs a faster cooldown time, so you dont need to reacharge that often Both shotguns are cap New nade has mayor disadvantage, dosent work for bugholes or fabricators Pistol is not better than the redeemer If you wanted weapons to replace the nerfed railgun they are none😢
If you're not aiming at weak spots, your fighting the bots wrong.  So it makes sense that a weapon that lacks any kind of precision targeting ability would struggle against the bots.  Much like the arc thrower, you can use it and eventually blast them down, but you could do it much faster with a different weapon that can precisely hit the weak point.   The slugger is a good example of this from the opposite side.  It's great against bots if you aim for those head shots, but it's only 'ok' against the bugs.  Anti-material rifle too: great against bots if you know how to use it, practically useless against the bugs.
Punisher plasma and the Blitzer is definitely one of the more niche weapons and I'm all for it. A weapon that is generally good for any kind of situation is hard to balance, also a bit boring.  Right now I'm doing a grenadier build with the punisher plasma, grenade launcher, supply pack, mortar sentry, walking barrage. I just lobby all my shots from far away while hiding behind a wall and the bots can't fire back. I'm doing so much aoe dmg w/o even exposing myself and it feels like i'm cheesing tbh.
It's perfectly fine to run the stun grenade if you're carrying the Autocannon or Grenade Launcher. Bonus with the Grenade Launcher, more stun grenades because you should be pairing that weapon with the ammo pack anyway.
That is the thing with this game, no weapon will fit all roles, looking that the zappy shotty as the example here. You should give ratings per faction, "S vs Bugs, F vs bots" and you have a winning review
Great stuff! 💙
First time coming across your channel. Really informative video and I'm looking forward to trying all these weapons.  I'm also curious what your go-to weapon is for automatons? Is the sickle also good against them or would you prefer something else?
it seems the blitzer is the opposite to the scorcher almost uselass for the bugs but incredible for the bots but thew blitzer is great against the bugs and nearly useless against the bots
I just dont get how the Sickle with 55 dmg/sec is killing shit faster then the Dagger with 150 dmg/sec.  Both are lasers and the dagger should kill 3 times as quick. Tested both on small bugs and single stalkers and the Sickle kills all of them way faster. Does someone know why? ._.
The sickle sucks ass bro stop it😂
dude you need to get a life lol touch some grass
Damage of both of the new primaries other than the arc shotty, just do way too little dmg.
Details about the sickle i despise  1 it fires a projectile i can watch travel rather then an actual laser 2 it sounds like a gun rather then a laser 3 it handles quite different from the OG sickle. to much sustain fire
Can the plasma punisher multi hit 1 enemy? Hit the head or upper torso, and it splashes down on to the arms and legs?
Is the plasma punisher an aoe weapon?
Plasama punisher is awful against bugs, superb against bots imo. 2 shots take out a walker, kills devastators nicely too
The plasma shotty can 2-3 shot chargers if you shoot under them 😊
I struggled at first, but the plasma punisher is honestly so much fun. I’ve been one shotting the weak enemies, and taking out swarms of hunters and warriors at once. It seems like it two to three shots warriors. Might not be impressive on a single warrior, but it adds up when you’re fighting multiple clustered together. It also destroys walkers if you hit them right.   Once I got the aiming down, it’s really not that bad. It even doubles down as a mortar if you got a feel for it.   My only gripe is the ammo. It takes two supplies to replenish fully, and I think that’s such a massive disadvantage.  The sickle absolutely slaps with a supply pack. I was mowing down swarms and just reloading it to keep firing. The plasma punisher is so ammo hungry which is a huge downside.
lmao you dont say a primary didnt take down a charger and bt why would this even be in the review
Ive been rocking the liberator to level 50, and ngl it has a ton of uses against bugs. The one thing I noticed is that the Sickle has the exact same stats as the liberator but with unlimited ammo. Def my new favorite.
Seems like the blitzer is the opposite of the scorcher. The scorcher is extremely good at killing automatons but lowkey is a hassle when facing the terminds. Seems like the blitzer is on the flip side of that
There aren't any overpowered weapons in this game people need to stop using that language. Literally anything under five difficulty everything is overpowered. Once you get into the man difficulties it seems pretty understandable to have overpowered weapons when there's nine bile titans and 16 chargers spawned in on you. Lol I think the enemies are overpowered so these people need to calm down with those words
"Unload into their weakspot"
Makes sense for a stun grenade not working on a tank.
I use te plasma shotgun and the stun grnades as support weapons to help out cadets, it makes quick work of the walkers and stuns devastators and thos bastard with the chaingun and shield, and stun grnades to help out with the chainsaw bots that are normally chasing cadets, it hs worked wonder so far!
funny thing is that now u can have a energy weapon in each weapon slot use the sickle, the laz 7 and the lazer cannon and just swap to a different  one when it gets close to over heating. hey presto  u dont ever need to reload
The sickle is garbage
3:20 Try the punisher plasma vs bile spewers/nursing mothers.  It's almost as strong as the grenade launcher vs these per shot.  It's also very easy to lob the shots into the middle of a pack due to the short range lob arc, so the AoE is actually *very* usable to hit targets at max radius.
To be honest they need to buff the Blitzer and plasma shotgun. The only really good gun in this war bond is the sickle.  If they ever increase the fire rate of the Blitzer to that of the punisher that would potentially be the best gun in the game.
I don’t know man. You said the breaker is B tier on a previous video.. I’ll have to see for myself on these weapons.
Good stuff man thanks for doing the research for us.
I am so underwelm by the pistol. I only wanted one thing kill only the smallest bug or robot. I have a hard time killing 2 small bug befor it nead to cool down and it's not fast. VS the Redeemer in semi auto you just 2 tap and they die you can clear 10 of them in 3 second top with the Redeemer and you still have the option to switch full autot and absolutely melt.  Please give me a speadloader for my revolver and crank the ammo reserve its just gonna be fun
Sickle and when is about to overheat switch to the arc and you have infinite ammo.
I actually liked sickle aswell
So this is why I keep getting kicked from matches
Plasma shotgun is designed  to be effective against the squids that are coming. Imo 🫡
The problem with beam weapons is that the damage seems to tick every second so your time to kill on small ennemies is worse than it should be considering the damage stat
Absolutely disagree on the time it takes to over heat. The sickle. If you just hold down fire it’s the equivalent of having like a 60 round mag at 700rpm. That’s quite a bit of rounds
SOLDIERS OF THE GUARD.  YOUR STANDARD ISSUE LASGUN AND LASPISTOL HAVE ARRIVED.   THE EMPEROR PROTECTS.
Surprised he didn’t think to stun grenade/plasma punisher combo. Seems like a match made in heaven.
All of the weapons suck
More testing should be done with the plasma weapon to see if it routinely kills through shields. If so, it may be a weapon released in preparation for the illumanate
Unless you're testing these weapons on Helldive im going to be skeptical on your findings...
My one complaint with designing the weapons in a game like HD2 the way they have been, with weapons like the Plasma slugger being so pathetic, is that they don't do the singular task they are meant to do: be fun to use. A splash damage 'grenade launcher shotgun' should feel punchy, but slow to fire. That would be acceptable. Even if it had ammo constraints outside of the eight shells it currently has per reload. But it currently looks like the devs are so afraid of making strong guns that they are forgetting to make fun guns.
My setup: Blitzer Laser handgun Stun grenades Arc thrower Prototype armor  Tesla tower Laser guard dog Electromagnetic mortar Electromagnetic orbital/gas orbital  Pros: Great crowd control and weaker enemies clear, almost infinite ammo Cons: struggle with elites, poor single target damage against bulky enemies Neutral: you can destroy factories with the gas orbital strike with a direct hit if you need to destroy something, i use the gas orbital because it only has a 75 seconds cooldown A fun setup but not the best in solo, also the prototype armor allows you to walk inside your tesla tower while taking little damage or if another player has the arc thrower they can shoot at you to bounce the arc without killing you. You should replace the arc thrower with the EAT but i like the arc thrower too much
Dr disrespect got bored in like two day's playing this garbo, i aint gonna play something even the two time doesn't like to play.
Ok, now we have all the weapons choices, can we have the un-nerf Railgun back?
I truly do not understand the devs mindset with weapons in this game. There's like 3 useable primary's. The rest are completely useless. I really thought they were going to be buffing a lot of weapons in updates instead of nerfing.
It hasn't updated for me
Kinda cool. I’ll stick with the slugger lol
I absolutely love the sickle. I desperately wanted an assault rifle like weapon option that was just a tad better than our current options. Sickle fills that void for me.   Still wish the explosive/concussive liberator was better though. 😢
The weak spot on the charger isn’t the butt. They take normal damage there. They do eventually bleed out if you blow it off though
also can be used with the balsitic sheild  as well for the pistol
The punisher plasma should be able to destroy bug holes to make it more unique. Right now it just shoots electric orbs that don’t do a whole lot
If the laser pistol does decent. Would you say the plasma shotgun's aoe would be worth it enough for swarms to pair them and prioritize the pistol? and then speical weapon being a anti mega monsters.
The sickle is not an energy weapon. It fires bullets and sounds like a liberator. The plasma shotty is absolutely ass
i would accept the punisher plasma if it could close bug holes...
Was the punisher plasma still 1 tapping you through the damage reduction on the new armours?  Stun grenade + auto cannon seems super strong to accompany the strikes and orbitals.
I haven't used the Punisher Plasma yet, but by what I've seen in videos, it appears to be less of a Crowd Control weapon and more of an anti-medium armor, I see it putting down Devastators and similar enemies pretty quickly, I think that's its intended purpose.
So much hate for the punisher plasma when it's completely fine. You have a mini grenade launcher with far, far more ammo than the real thing. And most importantly, it can't ricochet off bugs and kill you with a random bounce. Like the arc thrower this gun has a learning curve and too many people are giving up on it quickly.
another thing with the arc blitzer is that it doesn't have the armor piercing that the normal arc thrower has. It also doesn't have the arcing to multiple targets after the first hit which would be kinda op
Punisher plasma is so trash it's unusable. Can't hurt anything.
Can’t believe… and I spent all my hard earned credits on the previous one 2 days ago…
Just an aside, the backside of the Charger and Bile Titans are not weak spots. They're actually resistive spots and take 50% less damage from all non-explosive type weapons. Both Chargers and Titans weak spot is their head and it's armored specifically to require the player use a heavy ordnance against them, EAT-17 or Recoiless are the best options currently being able to 1 shot both with well placed headshots
bro update just came out lol
Well since the Plasma Punisher has the Explosive tag, that makes me think you can use it to destroy factories and nests.
use the EAT AT stratagem on the front legs of chargers. problem solved.
that star wars music in the background
Lol why did they name the new shotgun the same as the old one 😂
9:17 caught you lacking
Sickle can fire up to 100 rounds before overheating, 130-ish in freezing temp, and around 70 rounds in hot temperture...so i say it you are holding a laser LMG but it come in 100m scope is just juicy against headshotting automaton tho. love seeing devastator head popped like popcorn also avoid using the sickle in jungle terrain because leaf can block your laser.  plasma punisher just need a good damage buff from 100 dmg to 150 dmg. right now scorcher could perform alot better than it in term of DPS but plasma punisher is better in term of 12 magazine    As for the blitzer ...wish it have faster fire rate tho that cocking between shot making it somehow slower than the arc thrower with 70% charge and chain enemies better than it too. damage is very neglectable, range too short for how much damage it does and how slow it fire. i was fully aware it gonna be a short range weapon but i still feel disappointed
I was hoping the Sickle would be a laser weapon without the fire delay, but it still has the fire delay so I'm not sure if I'll be using it all that much.
Brother, thank you for taking the time to get actual footage, test the weapons and give us all a fair review. No insane negativity or over the top hype, just a fair assessment.  I’m am so tired of slogging through clickbait videos everywhere. Awesome stuff, looking forward to more.
It takes multiple supply packs to get full ammo back with the plasma punisher too 🫤
I love thr plasma punisher, but against bots i realised esp for the smaller ones. it will phase or not hit them some times, but it's really good against terminids.
I wonder if you can time the charges on the blitzer. On the arc thrower you can time the shots to make it fire super rapidly. Might give that a try
Silly YouTubers explain how the guns work with the armor everyone is not supoed to run meta supose to have crowd control and single dps and maybe demolition I run helldive no problem with this straig facts or your bad
Has anyone tried the new booster? Does it make a noticeable difference in enemy spawns?
i think if anything the plasma punisher needs more damage, atleast 150-200 total damage instead of 100
The sickle is almost a straight upgrade from the Liberator.
9:15 “there was a couple times where I just threw a stun grenade at a charger, ran behind it and was able to unload in its weak spot” excuse me sir?
Although the sickle doesn't shoot longer lasers, it reminds me of the laser rifles of fallout 4 which I actually really like I think it's got more to do with it's aesthetic but im going to be using that for this season lifespan atleast and once I unlock the laser pistol I'll try that out and hopefully add it to the loadout if its how he describes I'll be using it I just love where this seasons going in general I can see the shotgun being a good weapon but I'm gonna stick with the sickle the stuns good and I feel exited for the rest of the season
punisher plasma looks good if you have a buddie forward on coms to help you range in your shots for LONG range combat
How in the world did you get that many medals so fast to buy these 😂😢
for the arc blitzer, tbf... primary weapons arent the go-to for heavy enemies lmao
FYI, the back of the charger is not the weak spot
3:00 it's like miniature granede launcher. i think it's intentional to make it not too impactful.  if it have too much power we will have meta like breaker again if you don't using it you get kick kind of deal. and i should say this.  this freaking gun not good at helping teammate.  you will kill them faster than charger.  yep stun granede is worth using.  when discuss in forum even if it can stun charger not titan it's worth using but i think this granede can't destroy bug hole right? since it's practically emp granede so it's up to what mission do you plan to do.  10:30 from what i saw it's not using the same mechanic as arc thrower where you deal damage pass armor. this one do have to hit weakspot to deal more damage.
That stun grenade really completed my autocannon, i can close bugholes&factory, destroy some objectives from faraway, kill charger&hulk easily. It's really fun to be an all-rounder.
I liked the plasma shotty lol
Aight you convinced me to take the BP. The Blitzer seems to do exactly what I wanted it to do. The struggle against heavies like charger or bile titan isnt an issue because they can be dealt easily with stratagems.
Is every hellbaby YouTuber just a bug hunting farmer boy. Never a how these gun work on bots videos
Can the stun Grenade destroy hives or fabricators?
12:21 you what into the bile titans
The plamsa punisher could have been such a good gun, if only its damage didnt suck. If they gave it 200 damage it would be pretty good
For a warbond named the way it has been, ironically most of the gear in it is god awful. Few of them even surpass the previous bottom feeder guns by 100% in terms of effective DPS rating. In other words they are about half as effective as the pervious worst gun was, which is astonishingly bad if I am being honest. The few guns that are not that bad are decent and that's okay. But most of the gear in this warbond are atrociously bad.  EDIT: And I am not just talking off my ass here, the maths prove it as well.  Effective DPS of the Punisher: 550 Effective DPS of the Plasma: 135 Effective DPS of the Blitzer: 125  All the weapons can hit multiple enemies and while the latter two have an esier time doing so, it's only just slightly easier. Far from being a compensation for the lowest DPS weapons in the game currently, even surpassing the previous holder of that monicker the Scythe.
Why can't you buy these new weapons with credits? it's medals only and you need to have the other warbond done as well
The biggest problem with the punisher plasma is that the scorcher exists. It's better in every single way
Not sure why you were complaing about the Arc shotty not being able to kill charges and bile titan what other Primary can kill them? it just seems like a dumb complaint
Weirdly I like the Plasma Shotgun & kinda hate the sickle. Sickle felt underpowered whereas the Plasma got me through a mission swarmed with Bile Spewers as it stuns them & kills them in 2 hits. Granted I only tried the sickle on bots because I generally prefer using longer range weapons on them whereas I use closer range ones on bugs.
Go touch grass my guy.
im having a problem with chargers suddenly sliding into me after being stunned or slowed. they will go from belly down to belly sliding into me everytime. anyone else???????????
Pretty good video breakdown, but it’s clearly from the POV of the noob. Sickle is basically just a base liberator that has a delay to shoot and overheating, but unlimited ammo. No one was playing with every other gun over the liberator because of ammo. So… Sickle isn’t very good.   The PDW pistol is just infinitely better as a sidearm for it’s crazy high DPS to get you out of sticky situations. As he said in the video, the dagger struggled with killing even 2 small enemies.  Yes the stun grenades are definitely S tier, but don’t do what he did in the video and waste them on a group of trash mobs just so your eagle kills a few more of them. Stuns only for heavies or dire situations.   Plasma launcher is just ass due to reasons he stated.  Arc shotgun is just an infinitely worse arc thrower… arc thrower is absolutely broken OP though and a special weapon, but I can’t really think of a scenario that you’d take the arc shotgun if you want to use electricity. Arc thrower deletes everything except bile titan.   Helldivers 2 devs have a LOT to learn when it comes to balancing. It’s kind of insane.
I'm kind of surprised they didn't give as a Booster for the heat mechanic with this warbond. Something like Less Heat Per Shot and Faster Heat Decay would be a big help for those weapons. I don't think it'd be too overpowered, it'd take away from other potentially useful multipliers.
Looks like the Arc-12 doesn't have the ignore armour properties of Arc thrower.... hopefully it's just a bug and the devs will fix it soon.
I have one question. Does SG-8P Punisher Plasma can destroy bug hole and bot farbicator? If it does than i gonna use it like support grenade launcher and bring machine gun support weapon or laser canon as primary.
i like how any gun with the explosive label is just inherently bad at everything. with the explosive lib being so bad they renamed it to concussion rifle to justify why its not great lol.
Ah yes the stun grenade couldn’t stop a tank, how unreasonable
arc blitzer having unlimited ammo with a pump, reminds me of those survival flashlights that you rev up a motor to charge lol
LAS-7 + Ballistic Shield.
Try hitting chargers in the face with the arc shotgun.  I don't have it unlocked quite yet, but that's how the arc thrower worked.  8 consecutive face shots would kill a charger before the recent weakpoint patch, haven't really tried it since.  Chargers have different HP pools for different body parts.  If it takes 8 shots to the face and 10 to the butt, you can shoot it 7 times in the face and 9 in the butt and it still won't die.  Sides and legs are parts too, so you can end up dumping 20+ arc thrower shots into one without killing it if you can't focus one spot.
the las pistol and las rifle will help my warhammer guardsman larping greatly hahaha  the idea of an infinite ammo secondary sounds perfect tbh
I think how you described the blitzer is what the devs are aiming for in all cases "this gun is amazing against ___, but doesnt do well against ____." I want to say theyre trying to balance it out overall so you'd create different load outs not just for mission types but also which factions you're going up against
Weapon have upgrades like in HD1? Uses sample to unlock certain perks?
FOR THE REPUBLIC! Wait wrong game… FOR DEMOCRACY!
not sure why it's considered a downside for blitzer that it can't kill titans or chargers. none of the primary weapons in the game really do anything to these heavily armoured enemies, usually that's what a support weapon is for.
counter point 10:03 bring autocannon/grenade launcher or any other weapon that explodes easily that isn't a grenade mod (my go to in general is autocannon easily the most vestal weapon in the game bar none can literally do anything except strip heavy armor)
The Plasma Punisher is just.. no. It feels more like a grenade launcher than a shotgun, and it sucks at doing either.
Im ok not to be able killing Charger/Titan with a Primary weapon. I got Mates and turrets and support weapons ^^
New war bond?
stung grenade seems amazing with autocannon. the autocannon can solve all the stuff an explosive grenade usually does (bug holes, factories, killing spewers), and it will be very easy to kill a stunned charger with an autocannon.
For the punisher plasma I would say use it like the grenade launcher, not so much spamming it but for directed CC
I think they put a huge downgrade in the blitzer since the first helldivers, as long as i see they remove the chain between enemies and nerfed so much the fire rate, i remember you can shot 3 or 4 times faster than now, maybe bum up a little bit the fire rate or give it back the chain between enemies and would be awesome, right now feels like a so much worse arcthrower
...still cant feel anything other than that they butchered my fav gun from helldiver 1, im fine with build up fire like cause the speed can increase with used weapon usage but what the fuck is this slow pump staring speed.......
For some reason this dude is incapable of understanding that lightning guns don't act like projectiles. They can't do weakspot damage because they're... just deal flat true damage. Arc damage is the same way.   Arc thrower for armored enemies and range, arc shotgun for close range chaff. It's perfect. THey both ignore armor but one just has significantly higher damage.
The plasma shotgun can't be bad. It kills a sentinel by shooting in the face. It's definitely not cracked but it's definitely not bad
My theory is that these are all going to do well against the incoming illuminate. Heres hoping lol
For those hearing weak spot on the charger, that's a lie. It does normal damage. The legs are 2.5x damage per hit. Use the arc ( anything) on the legs.
LAS-16 Sickle buffed a lot from previous version with better rate of fire nearly double. So it easy overheat is acceptable. Also you should test weak spot, because most laser weapon more than double damage to weak spot compare ballistic weapon in helldivers 1. SG-8P punisher plasma is worse version of PLAS-1 scorcher without straight shot and burn target, but it have better AOE and explosive damage and trade of because PLAS-1 scorcher most damage from direct hit. AC-12 Blitzer i think still good when you see they change arc thrower to support weapon. It have some trade of compare AC-5 arc shotgun, you don't need to charge before shot and have rate of fire. So even it weaker and shorter range, smaller area of effect is acceptable
this warbond someass
The sickle changed my life.
Did you bathe today?😂😂
Great review, thank you!
the plasma shotgun acts like a grenade launcher, against bile spewers and basically anything with a big balloon in the back it pops it instantly.
Can’t you reload the punisher in between shots and dump the entire ammo stock if you wanted too?
The cutting edge is disappointing 😡!
It needs to be invidually loaded to balance it
12:22 You did WHAT to the bile titans??? 😂
I don’t have he plasma shotgun yet. Have you tried using it like a grenade launcher?   Don’t use it like it it’s a primary. Use an arc-thrower, or a stalwart as a primary. Switch to this for AOE.   The balance update to decrease heavies in difficulty 7+ also dramatically increased the number of little units.   This may be a different play style adjustment.
Wish the sickle sounded like a laser instead of an SMG.
If youre shooting an automaton with electricity youre just helping charge them back up, worst case scenario... You're turning them on. 🫠
I'm so happy to see that the Sickle is so good, I was the most excited for this when I heard about it and I can't wait to run this as my main gun 😁
So i was right trying out the sickle today, its a great weapon and i like it a lot
I found the punisher plasma really inconsistent, sometimes i could one shot a bile spewer and then other times it was 8+ shots.
Plasma punisher is amazing!
Already?
Pretty sure enemy guns don't have hitboxes. Your example, you miss the bot and shoot right through the gun. You can shoot their gun arms off, but not the gun by itself.
Punisher plasma only needs the ability to seal but holes/factories to be good. Blitzer is too slow but you can do better with it on chargers by aiming at the face. Damage is localized so if you spread it around it'll take ages to kill. Forget bile titans, maybe going under and shooting the sacs but it's slow either way.
12:19 you WHAT
Don’t tell them the scythe is good, they’re nerf it to the ground
The primaries in this game all have drawbacks, it wouldn't feel so bad if the secondaries helped to make up for them. But with so few choices for secondaries, they just don't really make up for the primary's shortcomings currently.
Looks like another disappointing Premium Warbond drop. I'm sure the Devs will nerf all the base guns again to make these more viable.
Gonna be hard and long road to unlock them all without spend some money.
You do realize when you shoot chargers in there butt. You're not doing max dmg. You have to strip the armor off of one of their legs & then take out their leg for max dmg. Your just wasting ammo shooting behind them
Choosing the dagger as your main...ya...no
Sickle feels so good to use  Was so excited for the punisher but it turned out to be so weak. In a week it'll be forgotten
Great vid. Sickle & stun nades for me baby.
I'm really disappointed by the punisher plasma, I was kind of expecting something more similar to the arca plasmor from Warframe but I guess not. The stun grenade looks really good and the blitzer seems to fit my playstyle a bit.
Mmmm, those stun grenades look great! Side note, i understand that the rear of the charger is NOT a weak spot, but light armor. I believe it is the small parts of their legs that is the weakspot. (And wherever armor is blown off from)
Day 1 full unlock and testing. You sir are a hero and true patriot.
Great vid fam!
The plasma punisher seems like it can damage armored enemies like chargers and bile titans
the personal shield is a true shield "bubble" if something happens inside of it it wont protect you from it, such as shooting your own feet, just as it will protect your teammates from outside threats if you hug them.
7:34 says that as he almost dies from a hunter and a basic bug 😂😂😂  Smg sidearm is still the better than the laser.
the plasma shotgun is really good but you gotta treat it like a tertiary, as your actual tertiary pick something that can help you when you get swarmed. you can make it work using the wep that way, i had a great time using it (difficulty 7 and 8)
You can also stun the enemies and deploy regular stratagems on them
I was having trouble finding a primary I really enjoyed until the sickle, what an awesome weapon
Warbond been out for a whole 10 minutes and dude got everything
why does nobody know how to pronounce automaton
If they buffed 500kg a little, it would be a powerful combo with the stun grenade. Now 500 can land directly below a titan and do basically nothing, which is a massive bullshit scam 🤦‍♂️
4:30 how about hit your shots damn, maybe you will think different
All I wanna know is why is a light armor called Titan? Titans are extremely large giants, hence TITANIC mans what? Super big.
A tank isnt impressed by some stun grenade.. that seems realistic
I don't have the arc shotgun yet but it not doing super well against the top 2 bug types I can understand, same for the hulk and tanks considering it is a primary, I do wonder though if it can strip armor like the arc thrower does, really wish we had a shooting range to test guns on dummy chargers and hulks
id like to see a damage buff to the plasma shotty,  gettin more ammo is like throwing more feathers at the enemy
Looks like the Plasma shotgun needs damage of ~300 instead of just 100. It's a short-range, pump action-style grenade launcher with really low capacity it should do at least comparable damage to a shotgun slug on direct hit.
PvP explosion shotgun. Got it
It really does seem to me like the devs just dont care about the automatons and dont add anything for them. Everything is revolving around bugs
I was warned of people like you. 😅
If the Arc-12 actually arced through targets like it is suppose to. Then the short range and slow firing would be good trade off. But instead it does not arc only working on single targets most of the time. Sometimes it will split into two targets.
Sickle and stun grenade are my two new favorites. I think I'll be using the stun grenade for a long time.
Interesting quirk for the stun grenade- you can stun a group, but then to switch to your support weapon and lay down a good spanking, you have to switch to your primary first then to your support
The suits have are good against Lazer fire so that will help against automatons.
Mehhh boring new weapons 🤦🏼‍♂️
The new Lazer rifle is awesome
All new guns are trash 😂😂
for the love of god, CHARGER BUTT is not a weak spot, in fact it had the most HP among its body parts.. Aim for the Leg and Head instead
Great overview
I understand your point about the plasma breaker. However, i think that grenade launcher mains will be more familiar with the play style of this gun. I could be wrong, but it makes sense to me lol.
Laser weapons are fantastic against weak spots, anywhere else they are terrible.
Gunna be real here.  Not every gun have to be a solve all problems gun. Stratagems are the for a reason
Something I’ve been doing is using the arc-12 blitzer with the arc thrower and charging up a thrower shot then swapping to the blitzer for an immediate shot afterwards and I just repeat that
I want to use one of these but since they buffed the Punisher shogun…damn bro. The punisher can take out medium armor but only says light armor on the description. I play at level 7, don’t sleep on it!!
I want to know how the Arc 12 compares with the Arc Thrower. I've been using the Arc Thrower for a time now and been loving it for Terminids missions.
I just hate that even now the meta is still shotguns for primary. None of the other weapons even compare. Would like to see assault rifles get some buffs so they’re more viable, but highly doubt they will. Seems like they just want shotguns to be primary and support weapon be whatever you want to choose.
Stun grenade is good when you are trying to protect your turret from bugs that are too close to it
I have that phasing issue with the dominator too. That plus it's inaccuaracy made me switch off of it.
they really need to balance both robot and aliens more, seem like everything is balance for the aliens
Can you use plasma on bug holes and fabricators?
I love being able to Cosplay as a Tau Empire Fire Warrior with the new armor, laser rifle, orbital railcannon, railgun, laser pistol, guard dog rover, stun grenade, and a mech for good measure
I'd love to see moar blaster-esque weapons. Las-shot shotgun, precision blaster, blaster pistol... Maybe even a heavy blaster MG support weapon.
you know whats funny is yt crazymrpipz i saw a vid of loves the arc punisher plasma. killing chargers in about 4 shots shooting right under. even robots its not bad. you just aim for feet for explosion splash damage. actually, funny thing is the op of this video shoots a robot in the feet in this video and knocks him on his face lol. yet you keeping direct shooting head or chest. that said, this is great because it just means both scythe and plasma punisher are viable primaries. for me, i use arc thrower support weapon so having a punisher or this new punisher will be amazing. arc thrower for ads and then arc punisher for chargers. though, after new update the arc thrower can kill chargers in 5-6 shots to the face. have to be well placed shots though
I was really hyped for the plasma shotgun, but yeah he is really not great. Thank's it's not only my opinion about this weapon. Not enought ammo in magazine, great potencial for kill yourself in many situation and your team mates...She need a rework or some modifications
They could fix the plasma shotgun by renaming it to a Plasma Grenade Launcher and increasing the magazine size to 14-16.
I like using the Stun grenade with the Recoilless. It gives me just enough breathing room to reload when I’m kiting.
Yo you kinda sound like Owen Wilson.
I found the blitzer absolutely awful to use against the bugs, I’m on ps5 and was playing on helldive difficulty. I’m not sure what I was doing wrong with it but I found it absolutely awful slow reload it barely arched to other enemies it wouldn’t even 1 shot a hunter :(
The sickle is OKAY, probably B-tier. It has unlimited ammo, but the starting lag/chargeup makes it really dicey for close encounters. I find it works way better against the automatons than the bugs, who quickly overwhelmed me. However, if you pair it with a shield, and the arc thrower, you are a walking tesla coil of death.  Edit: why do we have so many shotguns and like 2 of any other type of gun?
So absolutely not worth buying as expected nothing is worth money in this, the sickle has the same stats like the standard liberator or almost, with the overheating its just super unreliable in battles, when you showcased the pistol you barley killed anything its absolutely inferior to the machine pilstol or revolver, the granadelauncher is trash wtf is 100 damage thats NOTHING and everyone who uses the ark shotgun will be a handycap to their teammates considering how many strong enemies going to spawn. This just proves that arrowhead doesnt playtest weapons above difficulty 4 or something. Stun granade can be good, but not being able to close bugholes is too much of a disadvantage. Sadly arrowhead is so afraid of making a gun too powerful that all they create is trash now...
imho they REALLY need to buff the starting assault rifle and pistol because they're so, so badly outclassed by other weapons in every class. tbh they could PROBABLY just give them a lot of ammo, because if they can't be good, they can at least be bad for longer
If you're enjoying the arc shotty come back to the arc thrower things actually goated 3 shots to break a bile's armor then a rail cannon orbital ez dead bug
vids like this are good
Ah i love the Sickle its the Liberator but better its all i want in a primary Lots of shots, and heat sinks  high fire rate decent damage same as liberator  Id have prefered the old Stalwart from the first game as a returning primary but i do love using an actual good full auto laser rifle makes me feel like i'm playing a 40k game as a Tempestus Scion
I absolutely love how each weapon has great balance. It just makes for a fun game. I love to use everything . Your not inclined to just run with "what's best". God I love being a Helldiver!
The arc Shotgun was underwelming. Shooting a bigger bug than the small was hell. Litteraly shot a stalker 15 times without killing it. Also the guard bugs and thoose kind was slow. The fire Shotgun is better.
Breaker or Slugger still seem better.
I honestly hated the Plasma punisher shotgun. The sickle is noice!!!
dude come on is a tank.... you cant stun a tank
So the Blitzer and Sickle are both solid.
Pro Tip:  If you make a video about a games weapons, let us hear the damn weapons...  You literally say this is the "best sounding and feeling weapon" and proceed to talk over the game play the entire time...  Other than that, thanks for the info.  Good overview of the weapons and their capability's but man big miss on no gameplay audio for 14 mins...
I’m new to the series but from what i know i think this energy based weapon set is gearing up to a re-emergence of the Illuminate
Just like u said the plasma is as bad as the laser one. Can only shoot down little aliens for everything else is a no no. Still breaker is the way to go.
very nice but it seems nobody recocnizes that the game is totally buged on ps 5...stuck in animations, game crashes and so on...I tried to play a few rounds since 3 days butr its always the same...you play 35 - 45 minutes and then the game crashes or one mate after the other leave the game because of their games crashes too...thats no fun and until they fix this issue IT S NO FUN:::i play the finals new map so long...
I hope not beeing able to stun the tank stays and that its not a bug it would be way to op and it makes no sense that a tank can get stunned by a small grenade, if it does get stunned by the orbital strike ,that would be actually nuts and give that SG more value
The new weapons are kind of slow
"Arc-12 Blitzer is simultaneously one of the best weapons in the game and one of the worst" ...crazy, it's almost like one weapon isn't supposed to be good at every single thing.
Reads title me too man me too and they pretty sweet
I never care about attachments. Even in cod and rb6 seige, I leave everything default. I guarantee I would out gun everyone.
The lighting shot IS insane tô kill hunters
I feel the Punisher plasma's specfic use highlights an issue with the game ( too many situational weps when the situation needed for them is rare ) however the solution would be a restock stratagem that allows you to weapon switch in the field ( think about it like a portable weapon locker )
They're all kinda ass but I'm noticing a pattern
I'm trying to grind and farm super credits but it feels like they're popping up less than they normally do. Anybody else experiencing this? I just don't want to have to keep paying $10 for warbonds especially in a game that lets you earn the currency while playing.
The back of the charger is not its weak spot. Especially not with an arc gun. AIM for the head.
The hitbox issue you had with the punsiher is a blanket problem with the bots currently in game with multiple weapons
I main the sickle in the first game. Im glad it's back
Stun grenades actually do still have the ability to collapse bug holes. Haven't tried them on bot factories yet.
They need to buff the rail gun again and make an AR With a 75rnd mag with a shotgun under barrel just like in Star ship troopers
stun grenade doesn't stun a tank yeah no dip its a tank. thats like say the stun grenade doesn't work on people inside the building if you throw it outside.
bro the plasma gun is for the ILLUMINATE. just wait…
Yeah there good now but by the time I actually get to them they’ll be trash
Having some primaries that have specific niche uses is a good thing, not a bad one. Evaluating primaries just by themselves, while disregarding the rest of the loadout, doesnt give you the full picture. Especially not in the case of more niche guns.  The reason being is that we have various support weapons that take over the role of your primary, and will presumably get more in the future. For those kind of weapons, taking an all-rounder primary is redundant, whereas a more specialized tool that covers their shortcomings is preferable. A good example is the stalwart+slugger(for stalkers and armored bile spewers). This has better synergy than stalwart+breaker or stalwart+defender. That doesn't mean that the breaker and defender are bad, just that for this type of loadout a more specialized primary makes sense. The same is true for niche primaries.  Now i'm not saying that the punisher plasma is any good, just that context matters. Evaluating guns purely by themselves in a game where we have loadouts doesn't work too well. On the same note, some guns are also specifically only good vs certain factions, and that should be taken into consideration a swell. Guns don't need to be good at all times to be viable.
I heard that chrager's back underside is not a weakspot, because it's take only 10% damage from from your guns if they're not explosive.  And thanks for actually usefull video!
i think the time to over heat on the Sickle needs to be extended a few seconds longer. also i would love it if they removed the time to fire of the weapon. the charge up, or spin up, what ever you want to call it, does get annoying. especially when you are being hit.  and the Punisher Plasma. oh boy. you cannot use it when enemies are melee'ing you. you will kill your self. you need to switch to your secondary to defend your self in melee.  i havent tested the new Arc resistent armor for this. oh and it doesn't even close bug holes. bleh.
Is balance since it over heats.
9:17 my uncle used to tell people the same story about me
I like the fact that the first shotgun you unlock is a BEAST. It stuns/pushes armored enemies back- giving you a chance to push em into a orbital or resupply
the plasma punisher is essentially a worse grenade launcher. Really had no fun trying this out and I would like to get my medals back haha
The Blitzer-Dagger-Arcthrower-Jetpack-Patriot-Orbital Railgun combo is my main setup now. The arcthrower sucks against small bugs but is good with mid-sized ones and okay with the big guys. I use the Blitzer for the small bugs. The Dagger is for emergencies or for baiting bugs into a Hellbomb with its range. The Jetpack helps me move around and hop out of problematic scenes. In battles, I might use the Patriot/Orbital Railgun if necessary, but sometimes I switch it up with other Stratagems.
The punisher plasma is great against bots when paired with the anti material rifle.   The bigger enemies you can stun and then rip the heads off of Hulks and Devastators  in 1/2 shots of the rifle.   I’m not gonna lie though. That strat is better with the stun grenade and picking a different primary
Try flash banging a tank irl probably wouldn’t work either
The Sickle is kinda like a buffed Liberator. After the breaker nerf and heavies spawn rate i found the og liberator to be almost an S tier weapon to deal with hunters from more distance, was switching between the Punisher and Liberator for difficulty 9 which is crazy considering they’re the very first 2 weapons you can get.
Can the punisher plasma destroy bug nests/factories?
Lol I haven't tried to kill a charger or bile in a while. I just run from them
I wish the plasma at least had that EM effect to stun enemies for a bit. That alone would make it such a great utility tool even if it doesn't do much damage itself.
What primary weapon is good against bile titans? The shotgun being weak against them isn't a downside.
i thought there was gonna be a grenade launcher style secondary 😢
I think the Plasma shotgun needs a splash damage buff (against enemies) because it's very strong against medium armor on direct hits but the fact that the splash barely tickles most enemies feels both weird and weak.
Doesn’t look like anything here is worth replacing my slugger with, which is a shame, because the sickle was one of the best weapons in the first game
for some reason I want a high tech sci fi overpowered bow and arrow in this game now
Auvotons?
the Slugger has been my favorite weapon up until now. It may say "Light Armor" but I'm 99% sure its Medium Armor piecing lol but maybe something will finally take its place for me
6:03 That's the problem. The devs don't want primary weapons to shine. They want them to suck. They said so themselves. They want all primary weapons to feel like crap so that you lean into special weapons and stratagems more. Most likely, any primaries that are good will get nerfed and the ones that are underwhelming will stay that way.
With the blitzo the reload is automatic and you dont need to be holding it, you can shoot, swap to your secondary (like say the revolver) get a shot of and swap back and it be ready to shoot again
To be fair, what primaries really put in work against chargers and titans?
I think the arc shottie could be really strong in a full group of properly equipped arc troopers. Two arc shotguns, two arc throwers, shottie users bring EAT. Every base covered, friendly fire risk greatly reduced.
Is the Splash Damage from the Punisher Plasma able to one shot or just damage Scout Striders?
Honestly seems like an odd choice to make the Punisher Plasma 8 shots with 12 clips. Something more like 8 clips with 12 shots per feels much more in line with other shotguns, and generally much more usable.
weakspot of the charger isn't his ass tho
The Scythe is my favorite so far
Haven’t played yet, anyone tested the punisher plasma on bug holes, terminid eggs, bile Titan abdomen and thorax, charger thorax, communications tower, or automaton spawners?
Stun grenade has a HUGE radius and stuns EVERYTHING... they're probably gonna nerf it... It's the 'best' grenade in the game right now BESIDES not being able to close bug holes... (0 damage).. lame
13:00 Enemy armour sounds broken then.
Can you just try headshotting a charger with the Blitzer? Arc Thrower can kill one in 6 headshots as of current patch.
Sickle is good if you pace yourself but with back to back swarm you run through your mags. The Punisher is just crap, I’ll wait for someone to deep test it. I have died so many times because of the splash damage when enemies are if your face
O so laser loadout tryout except cannon still suck
TL:DR new warbond is junk, DO NOT BUY!
This warbond looks very meh ybh
Grenade launcher still reigns as king
Why did you think a stun would even remotely work on a tank
I only got to play with the Sickle so far, but I think it’s going be my main for a while except maybe on hot planets. Excited to try the rest tho.
What happened to the Warthog they were supposed to add? Is that coming in a later update now?
Thank god these weapons are put behind yet another paywall after buying the game for 40$ already..
Punisher plasma is terrible. Not because it does no damage, or can't crowd control, but because it is such a fucking anchor to carry around. You have to switch weapons when bugs get close, which guess what they all do? Get close. You can hold down a bug hole ambush for a few seconds, but you will in the optimal conditions only be performing on par with the shotguns, but you cant use it at range and cant use it in melee distance. Really poorly made tbh.
Does the punisher plasma destroy factories and bug holes? Says explosive damage when you killed yourself with it
I think the sickle is great. I like it, it’s honestly a little too strong haha but fun and great gimic with the infinite ammo. Plasma launcher I agree, kinda mid. Needs an ammo buff to like 10-12 shots per mag. And the blitzed shot gun is fun, I think it’s good if you use it correctly; but I think it would be good to have a slight fire rate buff from 30 to like 40-45. I think it should fill that role of being good for crown control but dog dick at taking down big enemies.
Blitzer is one of the worst in the game, takes like 6 shots to kill a single hive guard and the rpm is just sad.
Shotgun shotgun, why does this game HAVE SO MANY FUCKING SHOTGUNS >:[
I use the Plasma Punisher as a Grenade launcher since it lobs the round.
Couldn't agree more on the sickle, new favourite. Definitely overheats a bit fast if held down too long or feathered too frequently. Might be interesting if we got a backpack that could make laser weapons overheat more slowly.
I feel like a lot of people are completely oblivious to the fact that some “primary weapons” are designed to be situationally useful. This means you can only use it sometimes and you use your special weapon most of the time. Not the other way around.
I just unlocked the sickle and tried a few Automaton Missions with it. I absolutely love this thing. Accurate as fuck, extremely high ammo count and very good Dps. If I compare it with the Liberator (which is actually very good and kinda slept on for being the first gun) it deals more damage, can fire longer, is more accurate and reloads in about the same time. Shooting up to 10 foot soldiers without letting go of the trigger is fucking awesome. The thing absolutely melts Berserkers, so that's great too. Off course sucks against Striders, Hulks and Tanks but that's what other weapons or Orbitals are for.
The punisher looks like it ignores armor...
Strong disagree with the Blitzer.  I can take a slugger and kill 3 warriors in the same time it takes for the Blitzer to fire one shot, which might kill a warrior, might arc to another enemy or... it may not.  I don't understand its purpose.  It doesn't excel at add clear or anti tank.  I don't know what it's good for, other than lining the bottom of a dumpster.
Kermit the frog lives on...thanks man !
Does any1 know how long the warbonds last for. Is it timed like a battlepass. Or there forever untill u unlock erthing?
I just want my double freedom. If you don't know what that is then you're not a real Helldiver.
If you wear the 95% static armor or does it count as plasma instead for shotgun
So if you buy the premium do you unlock both automatically?
Stalwart or MG as a primary and use the plasma punisher as a support? Idk its a fun weapon and I love it but I feel like it's built more like a secondary than a primary
The laser rifle is good enough but the rest are crap
Who elses armory and voice packs getting reset every time you log in
I just want an automatic medium armor piercing rifle.
The laser rifle is so much fun to use.  And such good ammo economy.  I think because of the light armor pen, it would pair well with the railgun,
does plasma launcher clear vents?
Primary weapons aren't meant for killing units like charger, devastator, bile titan, and hulks, but thanks for trying.
Thanks for testing these weapons for bugs and bots. for whatever reason 90% of other YouTubers are just play bugs exclusively
Personal interests: Laser pistol, Arc Shotgun, Stun granade. Regarding the secondary, the Uzi is good enough. Stun granade will get nerfed. So I'd be using the equivalent of 10€ just for 1 gun. Meh.
If the plasma shotgun could close bug holes or destroy factories, it would be better  but if a designed explosive weapon cant do that then whats the point.
The slugger is a much better pump shotgun than the punisher, its honestly one of the best weapons in the game. Against bots, I think the slugger isn't as good as other weapons like the defender or the new Las-16 Sickle. However, against the bugs I think it's incredible
Blitzer looks straight garbage. literally all the clips you showed using it... I was like damn, the sickle, punisher, slugger, breaker, and even the liberator could clear those groups as fast or faster. If you know where to find ammo packs and can conserve resupplies. The infinite ammo honestly doesn't look good enough to justify using it.
Hope they give us a minigun or plasma sword
Took a shot for evertime he said Stun Grenade.... I am an alcoholic now
The lighting shotgun looks to be great at staggering larger enemies. In the clips where you were firing at devastators they really couldn't retaliate.
All the weapons are crap
Plasma punisher is great, you're sleeping on it.  Edit - thanks for the video, really great.
Can't wait to build my Nikola Tesla build😂
I think for lasers, I need something that burns itself out super quick, but also burn through the heavy armor and create a weak spot for teammates.
Remember laser beam but shotgun in Helldivers 1. well we want that
The Punisher Plasma can kill a charger with 5 shots to the back.
sickle seems pretty cool, but honestly, the wait for it to actually cooldown is a bit long to the point where I don't think it'll be as useful as you might hope it to be. You'll probably still end up using it like a normal assault rifle but maybe with a few extra kills if you let it cool a little.  Still doesn't replace shotguns though tbh.
A chargers butt is not its weak spot
For the lightning shotgun, you have to shoot around whatever your trying to hit, like on the deviators you have to aim above the head so it arcs through the head.
Bro dismissed the plasma Punisher as he showed a clip of insta-killing a Strider. I'm confident it has solid utility with enough trigger time.
Does this mean we lost options to unlock the old war bond stuff? I’ve been away for a couple weeks and not sure what’s happening
2:02 pretty sure it's 6 times right? Because of 1 mag in the gun already
I love the dominator from the other premium warbond I honestly don’t get why people don’t run it more. It destroys pretty much all the bugs
Stun grenade on the tracks of the tank. Actually stop it from moving.
excels*
Im just waiting for an AR or AK style primary. Bullpup rifles make more sense in this setting but still a SCAR or AR would be sick
damn the weapons suck sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo much in this game. i even believe valorant has better guns or cs1.6
The punisher plasma is really good at spawn camping bug breaches, that about all I can say it’s good for tho
Can't wait to stand in my Tesla Coil and laugh
They should make the arc thrower a little more powerful now since it requires a strat slot and now there's a shotgun replacement so to speak.
Not surprising that the blitzer can't kill bile titans or chargers, the devs literally said that primary weapons can't kill a lot of the enemies by design, you aren't meant to have a single weapon to solely rely on. In the same "press release" they said that primary weapons in general are primary only by the fact that you will always spawn with it, not that its the weapon you should always be using.
underwhelming
Appreciate you getting us this info early on these weapons.  I have to say though, your take on the Arc-12 blitzer is.....kindof odd.  You say its great because it's solid when dealing with the general "chaff" troops which is kindof what everyone hopes their primary can do. But then you say it's not great because you can't kill the heavily armored troops like charger, BT's or devastators. If your primary weapons excels at killing every type of enemy, why would you need strategems?
As usual they have made the game unplayable for new or single players and no fun to play. I use to be able to play on medium by my self of with my wife who doesn't usual play games . Now  it's so over run we don't enjoy it anymore. Sad I can understand using the higher levels but jeez.
Arc shotgun seems to be useful if you need a backpack tool but still want an arc thrower
Dont remember the game but i feel the energy weapons should have a "venting" option like say you press reload so it cools quicker but since you are aggressively venting the heat of the weapon you lose some hp each time you make it cool off quicker
Time to load laser cannon, laser primary, laser secondary, and orbital laser.
You play like a cadet.
I thought there was supposed to be a grenade pistol that was going to drop as well
As an atc thrower user, aim for the face of the charger with the blitz and see if that helps, the arc thrower ignored armor sonthe blitz might do the same
I still prefer slugger over these, the stagger and AP is just to good. Sickle overheats a bit quik for me and not having AP sux at higher levels.
“This is the one I’m probably going to be sticking with” *fails to kill a hunter*  The best pistol has always been and still is the machine pistol. And this footage has proven it to me.
I think it's awesome that different primary weapons are better against certain enemy factions. Keeps the gameplay varied and interesting
My problem with the laser weapons is that they don't feel strong. Like you fire off expendable anti tank, short a shotgun or torch a swarm with a flamer you can really feel the oomph behind the shot. With a weapon without recoil it's hard to animate that strength. They could make up for it by having insane sound design, but unless they do that it'll just be an inherent flow woth how the weapons feel to use, which is a shame because I really like their asthetic.
What about the crossbow?
Hell ill probably bring stun grenades against automotons just to kill off bruisers, the bile titans will be easier to drop bombs on with it too. Also if you still need something to blow up bug holes and factories just join the autocannon gang, it can do it all.
the sickle have always been like that, since HD1 it was my favorite weapon
The "Punisher" plasma isn't even a Punisher lmao, it doesn't have round reload, it has a pathetic clip, it's awful at close range because you blow yourself up, the damage I find to be generally pretty bad, and it doesn't even shoot straight, this thing is a grenade launcher that flayed a punisher and took its skin to use as camouflage for how bad it is. (also the projectile hitboxes are totally jank like mentioned in this video, they just clip through enemies all the time)
I dont have either of the warbonds, what one should i get first?
I wish the arc 16 sickle dealt more damage because it would be my favourite weapon if it did! I feel it’s basically the same as the pistol, doesn’t deal any damage but is great long range and accuracy! Which sucks because if it did I would use it every game.
so SO disappointed I wasted SC and a shitload of medals on this dogshit War Bond. Every gun is a massive let down. I'm so pissed I wasted medals here instead of unlocking Slugger which I KNOW is a great weapon.
I thought getting a higher level and getting new weapons would let you reach higher higher levels in the game, but no, to do levels 789 you just need to run away all the time. Is this going to be another Anthem! where I was great at the beginning and then turned into absolute dog shit
im highly disappointed  :D
guy talks about killing a charger with  a primary~ they are not made to do that.
The LAS-15 Sickle is pretty good IMO at least for the buggers. I have not tried it on the AutoComies. Plus the armor with the ARC resistance is nice because I like to use the Tesla Tower.
The only thing the arc weaponry so far seems to struggle with is Bots. Hypothetically you can kill hordes of bots and Devastators, the problem is that you are being interrupted from your injuries. You need to fire at bots when fighting together if you want to effectively use these things
Punisher plasma is probably the worst main gun in the game atm
They should have made the punisher plasma operate like the slugger, round reload with 60 rounds would make it a bit more bareable
"Unload in it's weak spot" 😂
Only the sickle is good, plasma shotty - you kill everyone including yourself. Last shotty is a weaker and slower arc thrower.
I like the laser ar.
How in gods name did you grind that fast???
Plasma shotgun is good when paired with stun grenade. Locking enemies in place to force distance allows you to clear mobs decently fast. Can kill chargers relatively fast as well, but where id say it shines is *FUCKING SPEWERS* they take big dick to this shotgun, and that's all i need to convince me, i can handle most everything else
Do u have to pay for the new battle pass if u already have both the premium and standard
nothing to replace the breaker yet. got it!
bros level of grinding is out of this world
The sickle is awesome, other ones seem kind of bad
I see these guns as a “You can only kill like 15 things per minute, but at least you never run outta ammo!” Lmaooo no thanks
None of these primaries seems better than Scorcher. The secondary is not better than the mini SMG.
Glad the two lazer Guns are great i like themed Builds and i love Roleplaying an Area-Denial Lock up Combat Engineer (So Sentries, mines, Gas and whatever Support weapon i need for the Job)
I think the laser weapons are kinda underpowered
Blitzer for bugs + stun nades and strats for heavy’s might work
Sickle was my main back in one, so glad it's back! Now they just need to bring back the SUPPRESSOR!!!!
All these new weapons suck. Back to the breaker
Play heat weapons on ice planets
2 solid weapons and one good granade, I think it's a win win
It seems to me like the whole point of the plasma punisher is to be a grenade launcher that you always start with. Probably better against the Termanids, and intentionally underpowered so that it doesn't invalidate the existing grenade launcher. I don't have the pass yet so I can't say, but with how much everyone's complaining about it, I would guess a buff to direct damage is in order.
My new favorite loadout is the sickle, arc thrower , shield and EAT . Makes you very nimble and you basically have unlimited ammo
I just think that arc effects does not work consistently... just like the spear sometimes wont lock...
Yo the fact that the blitzer can stun multiple bots in one go is so good. He never pointed this out
best stratagem is having a ps5 player on the lobby to make it easier LUL
The Sickle is a really great gun. I enjoyed the Punisher Plasma against Automatons but don't like it against Terminids.
Yet another video that doesn't answer the biggest question I have: DOES THE PLASMA SHOTGUN DESTROY BUG HOLES AND BOT FACTORIES?
I just wish the sickle was more similar to how it was in helldivers 1.
I'm not impressed by anything in this wb.
Do we really have to watch the opening sequence without having the ability to skip it every time we log in?  In PS5 and this is day two of the unstoppable opening sequence.  Getting old very quickly.
Sickle my beloved..  for those who didnt know, the Sickle is a returning weapon from the first game, the way it used to work is practically the same, but on the first game, the rate of fire is a lot slower, it overheats faster, and has no spool up time. In the first game, the Sickle was practically meta just because you didn't have to reload it as long as you're careful which gives you a huge advantage in attrition. the Scythe wasn't as good because while it focuses on damage over time, the Sickle does a higher flat damage per shot, giving it more dps than the Scythe in short bursts.   the new Sickle is a pretty huge improvement over the old one, however the old one did have a much punchier bass on each shot, which is the one disappointing thing about it.
Charger butts are not weak spots. Please helldivers dont be confused. Arms and head. Edit: I feel like everyone is confused what a weak spot is. It's the part of the mob that takes more damage per shot than anywhere else. Hope this helps confusion.
Tip: new shotgun explosive rounds? Good for Bile taunts - 3 SACKS UNDERNEATH BILE TITAN = 50% HEALTH?
How the fuck did u have enough medals saved up ?
That shotgun would be good at bug hives. No need to waste grenades or special ammo. Just primary ammo, I can see it now
I mean, if arc weapons suffer against bots, fine by me. They excel against bugs and are great swarm clear. If I need to alter my loadout all the better
I heard somewhere that there was also going to be a grenade pistol? Is it gonna come in a different warbond, or will it be released suddenly like they've been doing with buffs and such?
Blitzer should have more fire rate
I bring stun grenade on bug hole missions. I just use a hundred other things to close the bug holes. Or my team mates do it. Eg, i use autocannon for instance which is way more efficient at closing them
Who even worries about ammo? It's everywhere.  In resupply In boxes laying around EVERY point of interest Hell, you can even strap a backpack full of ammo on your back  Worrying about ammo is totally made up problem.
Stupedest thing we are not getting "new" stuff. We are getting "old"(from 1st game) and mostly shittier(arc-16) stuff. Also "punisher" plasma is kinda fkng lasy. It is not a "shotgun" its just uses punisher base model. So why it must be on a base model of punisher if it have 0 similarity in "usability" with punisher "family". Arc-16 super not impressive. Mostly 1 kill per 2 seconds... And it "cannot" kill chargers and spewers it takes A LOT of shots to kill a spewer, like 8-10. And with charger I gave up on 12... Also it is super bad at clearing hordes. 6-8 little bugs were sitting on each other trying to hit silo and my shots were killing only 1 per shot, with every shot taking 2 sec pause... In first game it was not so great, but at least if you had a bunch of trash to clear it clered it in 1 shot.
I mean no offence, BUT...  Throws STUN grenade at TANK, does nothing. TANK shoots back, KABOOM!  Pretty logical outcome ain't it?
The sickle + the dagger + jump pack + flamethrower = Boba Fett load out. I am grinding for medals rn, I NEED this!
With a normal Punisher, a Redeemer on semi, and an Autocannon I can kill 6 scavs, 4 warriors and a brood commander in the time it would take those guns to kill like 4 scavs 💀
Wake me up when i can give blood to the blood god in glorious melee combat.
Love the sickle. Jump pack, sickle and anti-material rifle; the Boba fett build
how'd you unlock it so fast wtf
DO NOT use arc weapons to choose the back of a charger ... is the same as if you would shoot its normal body, ITS NOT A WEAKSPOT and armor doesnt matter anyway. for he arc thrower, that thing kills chragers in 6 hits to the face, much more from behind. u have to test the new weapon against its head and only his head :) same for the bile titan the arc thrower also is only rly usefull against its head.
I just want to point out the back of the charger isn't a weak spot. I'm pretty sure your guns only do 10% damage to it. What you wanna do is use explosives or the railgun to strip armor off the legs (can be front or back), then when the yellow mushy spots are exposed those are the real weak spots. Chargers go down with a few breaker shells to those areas
I think the plasma shotgun needs more range and/or a faster projectile speed. As for the blitzer, I think it just needs a slightly higher rate of fire
Sickle is a wake up call for "balancing team" or whoever does it with weapons. Really good balanced primary.  Good dps, literally NO ONE IS ANGRY and it didn't make game "too easy". Everyone's happy. So what's the problem?  YES, I'm looking at you, every other laser weapon
the thing is i feel like the arc thrower basically does the shot guns job but better. I think i would rather have the laser primary instead and just run an arc thrower
Keep in mind, energy weapons are affected by environmental effects like heat so pay attention to the conditions of the planet you’re going to. On hot planets your heat builds up faster, not sure on cooldown… final answer lol  Edited for wording and clarification. Good luck out there Helldivers
one thing the back of a charger is NOT a weakspot!!! its lighter armored but no weakspot weakspot is the inner of the leg or if u remove armor
Punisher plasma + laser canon for automaton missions. Long range, use the cannon, if they get close enough, punisher plasma comes out for the staggers and can kill those damned striders 1 shot from the front. No worries about ammo.
Great work bro 🤝💛
I feel like fighting the terminids is the best part of this game. The bots can be a nice change, but I tend to enjoy fighting the bugs way more
Even if you ignore the heat, the thing has comparable "ammo" to other weapons in it's class.
I hate Sickle, not because its bad, but because its worse than Sickle in fist Helldivers
The sickle was my favorite gun from the first game and I’m so glad they kept it as the beast it is
Why ppl think unlimited ammo is such a big deal ? For lasers you need to put it away to cool down ,isn’t that just like reloading ? And for the “don’t need to call resupply” argument  How about stims and nades? You don’t need thos ether because you primary “don’t need to reload?” I don’t see any benefits that’s so game changing ppl would praise those weapon that hard
Really glad the Sickle ended up at the very least decent. That's the gun I was looking forward to the most in this warbond pack
IT COSTS MONEY GRRRRR
I dont understand, how is the blitzer shotgun good for terminids when it took you 4 business days to kill 5 bugs?
Damn it hasn't even been one day amd you have all of them unlocked 🤨??? Damn no life much🤔
Alternative title im a no lifer who unlocked the entire new battlepass in a day 😅😂
The sickle is so satisfying to use, looks great too. It's well balanced
So i'm seeing a trend still, there is really nothing in the game that really fights Auto's 'well' short of a autocannon and even then thats situational, they really need to find a way to fight Auto's better with our weapon loadouts, they suck to fight in every way.
So these are my thoughts on the plasma shotgun.   Feels weak for single target use. You want to be hitting multiple things with each shot to feel like you are getting good returns.  This is not a short range weapon. You can and will oneshot yourself if you shoot something pont blank.  You can 3 shot bile spewers with this thing. It does not matter where you hit them.  It has a small mag, but a full dozen reloads, so respectable ammo economy.  Overall, it's a pretty gimmicky weapon that has its place but does not do well outside of those instances.
Plasma launcher can kill chargers by itself, which for a primary is alright.
We need a secondary shotgun
That warbond seems lackluster. I'm really concerned how AH can't make any satifying weapons apart for a few gun.
Far as I can tell, when it comes to beam weapons, best way to use them is stack them. Cannon, Sycle and Dagger will effectively make it impossible for you to not have something cooled down at all times, allowing you to endlessly rotate between them.
Me with plasma punisher: AR-TIL-LERY-YA!
The dagger is severely underwhelming as a Senator main. Hold onto your medals for cool style point armor, capes and helmets.
Can circumvent the stun grenade issue by taking the grenade launcher so you can have stuns and a way to seal holes
“Automaton” is pronounced Aut-Omaton not Auto-maton. 👍🏻
tl.dr battlepass is trash
i mainly used the plasma shotgun as a cheap grenade launcher, so i wont have to bring the real one. i find it a lot better vs robots since it can blast down the walkers with a direct shot. having it as a grenade launcher means i can bring another support weapon with a lot of firepower to go. And it made me appreciate my sidearm a lot more too.  Is it the best weapon ever? not a by a long shot. but it has its uses.
unlocked them all already ?? fuckkkk
Sickle > Arc thrower > Redeemer > normal starter nades > light armor that has more nade slots > shield back pack > eagle Rocket pods > eagle airstrike . i feel pretty strong. 500 has been disappointing and one rocket pod and a handful of arc shots kill a charger and alot of the times the rocket pods hit them in the face and kill them now. titan i try to drop 2 rocket pods on or rocket pod air strike and finish them off with arc thrower with a handful of shots
I think the blitz shotgun is the best one then. We already have the slugger for the robots and the blitz can replace the arc thrower so you can bring another secondary that is specialized for killing chargers and bile titans
i haven't used the ARC-12 yet but with the ARC thrower if you hit the chargers and the bile titans on the side it will break there armor making room to shoot it with bullets
The Blitzer is amazing against the bugs and I think that makes it completely fine that it's terrible against bots. I would rather see different guns be better for different enemies than one OP gun for everything.
punisher plasma good vs eggs and kinda, extermination/silo missions not amazeballs but there are much worse weapons atm 🎉
Do you plan on making any Star Wars Battlefront Classic Collection content?
Pair plasma with autocannon and its good. Needs a bit more damage, but otherwise the perfect fit for the right playstyle. Turn on reticle visibility at all times in the options' menu if you plan to shoot behind yourself.
I feel like the blitzer vs charger you should probraly go for the face, a lot easier to get on target and should also take less shots.
I was really looking forward to earning all of these, and trying them out for myself. Thank you, all YouTubers for having that fun for me, and telling me what I should use! 👍
It’s interesting that in 2024 we had a release in live service games, Helldivers 2, and sci-fi film, Dune 2, that everyone is saying will change their respective genres.  I hope it’s true I hope Hollywood and game developers/publishers take away the right lessons from those success stories.
I rock 4 lasers up in this bitch
It makes perfect sense that an electric shotgun wouldn't work against the Bots... hear me out, an army that is wholly based on metal and electronic circuitry would probably have electrical resistance, hardening, or grounding baked into their manufacting process, as it creates considerable vulnerability to do otherwise, think of not making electric-car water resitant/proof.
Blitzer kinda seems busted on Terminids, since you can save all your ammo on support weapons FOR the big guys that it's not good against
The devs dont have the ability to make good or fun weapons, incredible 😂
Also using the sickle quickly switch to your secondary and use single fire by the time your done your gun will be cooled. Its good for just continuous fire
wiping out hordes of terminid chaff is exactly what I was hoping for from the arc shotgun, excited to unlock and try this weapon
Dude just no lifed this shit
Good review will be back for more 🤌
Blitzer staggers so much i love it
Interesting that you say you liked the sound of the sickle, I think it sounds like a generic ballistic weapon and was kinda disappointed that it didn't have a laser sound like the automaton weapons or scythe.
Blitzer ignore armor dmg goes directly into hp so you are better off shooting the HEAD of a charger than its butt, just like the arc thrower
Punisher plasma really highlights the issue with "use cases" If it has a specific use, cool. But what about EVERY OTHER SITUATION. If its dead weight 80% of the time, it's just dead weight
Plasma punisher looks like it really need a projective hitbox increase. Also found to often go between bot's arms or legs when it feels like it should be hitting based on the visual. That inconsistency feels like it's holding it back quite a bit.
Incoming laser rifle nerf guaranteed.
I don't have it yet, so I haven't been able to try it out, but I thought that the Blitzer (electric shotgun) was supposed to have a click-fire mode and a hold-fire mode?
Thanks for an actual review, unlike the warbond page showcase that is every other cutting edge video right now.
the plasma luacher seem to be good at dealing with bile spewer. can someone test it out?
I use the blitzer shotgun with an arc thrower and a jump pack or shield pack against bugs.unlimited powaaaa!!!😂
Thank god i saved some warbond credits for this
I've got like 4 hours of sleep the past 2 days to get this video out so I hope you all enjoy it. Let me know which of the new weapons if your favorite down in the comments!    ➡Latest Patch Notes - https://store.steampowered.com/news/app/553850/view/4113546867256852245?l=english  ➡Join My Discord - https://discord.gg/jRV9RJfqDX ➡Follow me on Twitch - https://www.twitch.tv/swanyplaysgameslive ➡Subscribe to SwanyPlaysGames - https://www.youtube.com/@SwanyPlaysGames?sub_confirmation=1 ➡Subscribe to SwanyRants (My 2nd Channel) - https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCPszGeh4gAG2oet_bufYGgQ?sub_confirmation=1 ➡Follow me on Twitter - https://twitter.com/SwanyPlaysGames  ═════════ Timestamps ════════ 0:00 - Intro 0:50 - Las- 16 Sickle 3:16 - SG-8P Punisher Plasma 6:12 - Las- 7 Dagger Pistol 7:45 - G-23 Stun Grenade 10:15 - ARC-12 Blitzer 14:08 - Outro
Good video 👍 cant wait to try the guns out.
HOW DID YOU UNLOCK HOW.
How? Literally just dropped 😂
Finally i was waiting for this vid!
