We could do it again just buy the stock
I make 180k and bought the dip
They were calling GameStop a blockbuster destined for failure. Now it’s a successful company with a strong future outlook still trading at low prices. It’s becoming a beast.
Click me I’m a safe space for wallstreet degenerates
Then Robinhood sold out...
BYND!
WestJet
Robin Hood more like robbing from the hood
meme is redditor photos
I don’t think there’s any ‘almost’ about it 😂😂
Requel commencing
Yeah, in the end. The goverment protected the rich hedgefunds, and the rest got shafted.
I still don’t understand how short selling happened. I understand that you can increase the price by buying more, but how can you decrease the price of a stock?
No, it is hedge funds not managing their risks.  Instead, they use index funds to be able to short sell and rig the prices against anyone that tries to not be in the norm.  It is why you see a lot of short selling happen when a newer company joins an index because it means that there is now more available to short.  That is why Citron corruptingly started shorting Microstrategy a few weeks after they got added to the NASDAQ.  The index funds collect money from borrowing interest and not from the holdings.  It is also why SMCI had the same situation when it was added.  This is how market manipulation works.
I hope eveyone get to know about the billionaries games. Dont let them steal our work
Solid content! Loyaltypicks had me ready for DRUG, BTCT, and QUBT. Love the potential in these small caps!
The story still isn't over 💎🙌 Shorts have never closed.  Gamestop is in the best position its ever been in
That was a grossly incorrect definition of what a short sell actually is
dude it was so surreal seeing this video in my ECONOMICS CLASS
Lmao it not over yet
6:00
Historians are gonna have a hard time explaining that this actually happened
I miss these days man....
Short squeeze pt.2 near!   We like the stock🚀🔥🍏
Hi
This is extremely ill-informed video. It's insane that it even got made. No, you absolutely cannot tank a company by short selling it. You'll just lose money. That not how short selling or the stock market works. Stocks are shares of a company that operate in the real world, if you put an outrageous amount of  downward pressure (even if you'd be able to do that) what it would do is make the stock "cheaper" and more attractive to potential investors because the business itself didnt vanish, it didnt disappear, it has the same fundamentals, its just became "cheaper" to buy and therefore a better deal, only thing you'll be doing (if you are willing to do this malicious "manipulation") is giving someone a better deal and losing money. Stocks are attached to a company. That is the number one thing you should learn. And the real reason why people were shorting Gamestop is because the company that those stocks were attached to is losing money and does not have good prospects, it has bad fundamentals. And you also put a lot of conspiratorial stuff into this video that might really put people away from investing in the broader stock market. Please, research your videos first!
and i missed it, because i didnt had a broker back then :(
This shit never ended, they hedge funds are actively burning through their fortunes to roll their derivative exposure in the hopes of not losing it all. They will btw, lol.  This recent price action should hopefully be your wake-up call. Just take some time to read about the situation. Look up GameStop DRS.
Someone should break it to Elonbots that EVs had existed for decades before Elon bought Tesla.
Its happening again. lol.
This was and will be the ultimate point of try us again, we all knew that things were stacked against us average people for years and years, and all it took was 1 person to get a bunch of people together and cause the best domino effect ever😂😂😂😂,
Reddit stock going live
Robin Hood shouldn’t have made it so that you can’t buy gamestonks
We just like the stock 😂
God, what a roller coaster 2020-2022 was.
THIS IS A REDDIT ALERT   THE STOCK AFIB IS WHAT WE ARE GOING AFTER NEXT  BUY  NOW     AFIB
THIS IS A REDDIT ALERT   THE STOCK AFIB IS WHAT WE ARE GOING AFTER NEXT  BUY  NOW     AFIB
So close SO F###ING CLOSE
KTRA runs today meme stock .. Go make it  Run people
Hope will never happen again
Talking Elon Musk and meritocracy in the same video is funny...
There is a literal movie about this topic 😂
🧝‍♂️🌸: 🥇🥈, Low now,🇱🇷credit short spark🚀🌕.....🎉
💪
We must do this again, they do it to us EVERYDAY, VIA "splits" and other government sanctioned theft moves that are magically legal now...
Anyone else back here now that they’re making a movie about it?
Anybody know what happened since? Did the gov place new laws on us to stop this from happening again?
Great video.
KILL THE PRINGLES MAN
Update: Robinhood won the lawsuit and will have to pay nothing
I still love this whole thing to this day and would love to see it happen again.
3:14 You can't stop innovation if there is no innovation.
Comment 7,000
I just don't think billionaires have the influence you all think they have. You need constant selling pressure to keep a market down. In reality, retail traders control most of the market
I laughed way too hard at the Pringles guy constantly eating in his scenes.
Esti romaaaaan let's goooo
Romania traieste!
Things are ilegal only if they affect your interests is a good summary
And that is how we got Covid.
They did not almost crash anything
Hedgefunds: does money trick Redditors: do the same trick Hedgefunds: *suprized pikatchu face*
Faine videouri pe canal! Keep it up!
Almost?
Robinhood betrayed wallstreetbets like ephialtes betrayed leonidas and the 300.
Man like I never realy knew this was going on but man ain't it refreshing to hear sometimes when the little guy can combine combine with all the billions of other little guys to then create a wreking ball and wrecking the big guy...........wait what was the topic again
The thing is, billionaires have money, yes. But they're one person.  If ten million people with a thousand dollars each coordinate, then a billionaire is the one with less power.  And with the internet connecting billions of people, I wouldn't say it's an impossibility.
AIN'T NO WAY WHEN HE STARTED TALKING ABOUT ROBINHOOD I GOT AN AD FOR IT
we need robin hood 2.0 and crash the stock market
IM ROMANIAN!!!
My favorite book  A tale of two cities  (Charles Dickens)
This was 2 years ago 😅
pringle people
Do you really do lip sync with your character?
Could you imagine another great depression was kickstarted by a few people on the internet
Almost??? ALMOST????
This would be worse if 4channers were involved
Here in germany we have GameStop too.
Andrei is the only person on YouTube who actually doesn’t bargain his ego
STONKS
ah, I can't believe this was 2 years ago already.. :'D
Let's be honest: Democracy, dictatorship, monarchy, whatever. They're all oligarchies in the end
i got an ad for robinwood whilst watching this.
One day my dad posted a meme on Reddit and it became the most liked thing on Reddit and he got Reddit platinum and became a part of Reddit history. LOL
Why isn’t there a business based on this idea?
Rich become richer and poor become poorer.
YOU LIVE IN ROMANIA NO WAY nice
0:54 MONOPOLY MAN NOOOOOOOO
I always question how I never hear of these events, though I am not in the US I would still expect that I hear something obut these incidents.
The Reddit hivemind attacks again
things are still the same
I got an ad for Robin hood right after watching the video
Wait you live in Romania!?
Oh my god. In the middle of you explaining what Robin Hood was, I got a commercial through YouTube on my phone for Robin Hood
Heres the funny thing: when you explaining about Robinhood at 4:10, I get an add about it. What luck.
Shorts never closed, it was only a sneeze. Squeeze is yet to come: BUY, DRS, HODL.
Aww. Did the wrong people manipulate the stock market? Poor babies~
Bro I was born in the early aughts and GameStop was still a big part of my childhood
I feel like everything nowadays is just crumbling around us leading either to a beneficial or negative future.
8:20 there were margin calls involvef
reddit este oribil
average day on reddit
There are a lot of strategies to make tongue-wetting profit that the average joes don't know. . Personally, the financial-market for me seems the only way forward with my long time horizon (accrued roughly $457k in gains since Mid 2021 ) but if you don’t have that fortune of time it’s a tough market out there almost nowhere feels safe!
Short selling doesn't keep the price low... It just lets you make money if it goes down
I wonder how much Elon would lose if they did that to him and some other billionaires
this is why i love reddit
Thanks for this amazing information !! Sincerely, I'm not sure if investing at this time is a good option. Pay attention to how often things fall apart. Despite reading charts and predictions from renowned investors from the past and present, I'm still seeking for a better way to invest my money because I still have some time before retiring. I want to create a strong and trustworthy portfolio in order to produce passive income.
people really thought their gamestop shares were gonna blow up to thousands of dollars each lmfao
It was not regular folk. It's generaly hedge fund, rich kids and gamers. "The usual elite folk". Bulleshit '
You spelled *"How greedy hedge funds over-leveraged their accounts and had to be bailed out by regulators" wrong. Fixed it for you
so the description of short selling is wrong slightly. It isn't the short seller lending out the stock, its the short seller who is borrowing the stock, they borrow it and sell it on, betting that by the time they have to buy back stock and give it back the stock price will be lower
holy smoke Westjett in a Andrei Terbea vid based
7:41 the sec rescued the hedgefund. And brokers played the role of supporting the hedge fund that's where the money is.   The joke was on ordinary investors.
7:15
GME to the moon. We never left..
😂😂😂
Why bail them out? They fucked up. Why do we allow this
Right after you mentioned Robin hood I got an add for it
So the moral of this is take it all from the rich no matter who else is brought down by the action. Right, and they're on the "right" side of this problem 🙄
So short selling works for all other companies except tesla....right 🙄
7m
This goes to show that rich people aren't invincible
Shorts never closed
Blame it own the Left, isn't that what we do. Trump's doing fine, Except that prison thing. Stop being fooled. Your up against 9le player's.
I love GameStop and I like what they did
Remember the Boston bomber Reddit incident? If everyone on Reddit put their heads together they could crash everything
we need to do this more as a community
hedge funds use ghost shares (shares that don't really exist) to short sell
It’s happening again with BBBY
"That's a genie you can never shove back into the bottle" I like the optimism but I highly doubt that.
Can someone please explain how this could've crashed the market? I don't understand how unless hedge douches did something stupid with everything else they've invested in
"since most people that watch me don't live in the us"  excuse me?
Some of the easiest money I've made. It was fun
You can get anything you want at Alice's restaurant
I'm confused, shouldn't people have sold for the squeeze to be over?
Yeh, the situation is only worse for wall st now...
Just bunch of people make money
replace reddit with wall street virgins
It's gonna happen again, probably not with the same parties, but it is gonna be a big one
I think "the man group" might actually be a remnant of the south seas bubble
Andrei : talks about Robinhood YouTube ads: I see * plays Robinhood ad*
Salut
Wait youre romanian?????
Me: hmmmmm what if someone were to sue a reddit user..
memes can change how you think of something or some one in a totally differet way
3:20 all of the dices have 6 dots o  each sides
I got an Ad of Robinhood and this video has Robinhood in it
LETS GOOOO. the day when the reddit community popped off
Robinhood had a deal with Citadel and for every person that used the app and bought stocks Citadel was skimming from the top of said stock  and still keeping the rich rich and the poor poor. And they were even matching stocks.  So when they caught on that is why the Robinhood app stopped allowing you to buy but only sell. Because Citadel, Robinhoods basically partner put a stop to it.
“Crashed the economy”😂😂😂  You mean crashed a couple greedy J——ish hedge funds.
I literally just got a ad for Robinhood and The Stock Market. I'm just- wow my phone really is listening to me and watching what I watch.
Romania? Well support from germany !
Also, this was made with less than 10% of redditors (weather from Wallstreet bets alone or in total IDK) according to a couple of people. Like, this major issue was caused by using less than 10% of the power of redditors...
Got an ad for Robinhood on this
Lmao I got an ad for Robin hood while Andrei was talking about robinhood
As I was watching I got a robbinhood ad
Pretty sure if we tried we could destroy the world
I wanna say F u to the billionares i hope this happens more often show the world how powerful "trolls" are
Reddit just basicly did a shaggy and said "THIS IS ONLY 1% OF MY POWER"
I didn't realize you were Romanian like me, glad to see people like me on this platform.
When a guy who actually puts effort and makes great content doesn't even have 3M subs: Everyone: THIS GUY DESERVES A MEDAL
You mean how hedge funds almost ruined the stock market not retail
Ah yes gamestock crashing to the moon
would say "this just goes to show the power of the population" except... Robinhood literally took that away from them because they tried to use it. So.... despite the momentary win, we lost in the long run and the corps just got bailouts and favors.
In conclusion we need communism
I wasn't in a position to take part but hearing about this again always gives me this weird revolutionary spirit. DOWN WITH THE HEDGE FUNDS, SCREW THOSE RICH B*STARDS!
*how did I miss this*
Awesome
trading a lot of money when you have no experience is stupid
Cháu có phúc lắm mới gặp đc gia đình cháu Thủy.Ông ,Bà rất hiền lành và chân chất.chúc mừng cháu nha👨❤️💛💛🍷
Bruh I got a Robinhood ad watching this
There was an ad for Robin hood in the vid
I cant believe these hedge funds got kicked in the BALLS by a meme. Goes to show the power of memes
dfv was the start
GameStop was NOT a big part of our childhood lmao
Guess what?  It's. Still. On.  It's not over. If you think it is, think again.
Oooh! I remember robinhood! Haven’t seen their commercials in a long time.
Ireland has gamestops. We have a lot of them although some have shut down...
How a bunch of losers thought they were screwing over the establishment by sitting on their chairs all day
I love that the cartoon is the Monopoly man and Pringles logo
I have Eb games
Genuinely shocked most your views are Non-USA. What are the stats?
Putting "respect" & "stock market" in the same sentence unironicaly is genuinely laughable.
Why don't the Crony Captalists stay in The United States?..
Short squeeze had me laughing. LMAOOOO
Poggggggg. Un roman care face videouri in eng si are o audienta de vb de eng. Nu credeam ca o sa traiesc sa vad asa ceva.
Roblox be like: 1:37
We do a little trolling
I got a Robinhood ad as you were talking about it—
Was watching this and got a ad for robinhood lmao
as far as I'm concerned Robin hood's attitude towards this situation tells me more than I need to know. This is clearly not a system built on merit merely the will of those who have far more than you probably ever will, consolidating even more until it is physically impossible to continue consolidating. It is a system that simply seeks to serve the bourgeoise, and no one else.
People made life changing money off this.
You live in Romania? I KNEW IT
u romanian? Welcome to Transylvania
Reddit: We  w i l l  d o  i t   a g a i n.
🤔 kinda sus I got an ad for Robin hood at the beginning of this video...
Lol I got a robinhood ad on this video
I got in ad for robin hood  right now as he was talking about Robin hood
"We, the poor people, will make sure to make sure everyone prospers, not just the prosperous. everyone should prosper, not just the prosperous"
this controversy described in a few sentences: redditors bankrupt greedy hedgefunds for abusing gamestop stock
Reddit was like Got ya mother fu**er
I love you Andrei 😽
I heard about this when we were looking for a PS3 (old hat, ik). Didn't understand it at the time
Something funny happened while watching, I get an ad from none other than robinhood lmao
I got a Robin hood ad how ironic  it was  for crypto too
you tube sucks , animation channels like tele purte or hinca p get banned/demonetized/age restricted/censored  but cardi b  W A P   isnt , in fact it is supported by you tube bcuz its art , i need your help to advertize other you tube alternatives that actually care about its community rather than corporations , find your favorite you tubers , and tell them to switch to 0 d y see , make short but informative paragraphs that show why they should switch to other websites like mine   "you should post your vids on Ody see , just sync your YT account to Ody SEE Account , and it will transfer all your content automatically over night , its free and easy , and 0dy see is more about free speech and expression unlike you tube , and you never know , with how seriously broken and bad you tube has become , your account might get suspended or demonetized or you tube might shutdown permanently , its good to be prepared and have back up."
GameStop sold shorts.
Tesla would need to sell short stocks***. You can't choose to buy Shorts on anything you want.
🤣🤣🤣🤣 please everyone should buy AT&T stock or Walmart
If I were president I would Not bail out the hedge funds.
I was wondering what was up with GameStop so thanks for clarifying  I live in Australia and never seen a game stop only E.B games which I think is still game stop but whatever
7:19 Me: Non je ne reggrette rien
Lol got an ad for online trading
Waw. You are Românian, the besst country in the world
Me who understood nothing :yeah sharing is caring. Nice video.
Diamond Hands
Did you say Romania...?? You know what that means... Toti romanii CATRE COMENTARIIIII!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! XD
So much for the little guy buying stocks, Robinhood app being restricted says alot about who is protecting who.
The French: dejà vú
We need a pt.2 of this!!!
I mean I like that they protected GameStop but I also like having a working economy, we don’t need to be back in 1929
I got a robin hood ad whole watching this how dtrangee
RobinHood: k so you can buy stock :D Redditors: thank you very much we will murder the rich RobinHood: YOU FUCKING *WHAT*
2:27 Totally the Pringles logo *crunch* 2:52 TOTALLY
I littarly just got a Robinhood ad in the middle of this
interesting I'm Shure the formulae can be turned around a dangerous path was opened we might follow though
Guys Lee short sell EA!!!!!!!!!!
"it's a big club, and you ain't in it" - George Carlin
Virgins together strong
The ways he says cigars is funny.
I'm half romanian
2:16 thats just a flaw of the capitalist system and monopolies
You were wrong about robinhod closing gme due to hedge funds.
I think reddit and 4 chan users should merge together and do more trolling like these 👁️
We want to make sure billionaires suffer so much it's actually funny - Wallstreetbets subreddit.
Aha! How the turntables...
Really cool animation
My dad works at GameStop as a district manager so he told me and my brothers about what happened and I found it so fucking funny
I Live In The US
Part 2:Reddit commits war crimes against Serbia
Just so many know the gamestop squeeze still isn't over and the shorts still haven't covered their position this situation is far from over. The price is still high for what it was and shorts are still attacking. Saying that the short squeeze is done with is not true along with numerous other stocks that are locked in this similar like situation.
Robinhood and citadel will be drilled by FINRA til they're out
You know to be honest I don’t get this whole we are sticking it to the man thing. The people who were saying that we’re the ones who had already bought a lot of game stop stock already so when the normal people drove it up they sold it at a heightened price and made millions of dollars it all seems insincere and hypocritical to peddle this message about “sticking it to the man” while profiting millions while the normal person walked away with almost nothing to gain at the end.
Side note: Robin hood would have gone bankrupt if they had not done what they had done. They were not siding with anyone just trying to keep their company afloat
I love that the thumbnail is WestJett’s channel photo
This is the future Man wish I was part of it but it's hard to trust now or day's. Theirs Always risks to everything that I know...  People always say, "it's easy" yeah remember the 1st day you started. Was it that easy? So that basically is what holds me back. I'm that dummy that you would write about... Investments for dummies In my case a blind dummy 😎 🤷 Good Luck to all and Much Much Success!!!
Reddit has actually managed to do this, LIKE REDDIT HAS GROWN SO MUCH IN POWER. Jeez mannn wow reddit.
title is inflamitory.
Lmao the boiz are chads
Two minutes and thirty seconds in and you haven't explained anything. Video stopped.
imagine getting bankrupted by someone named Twodickdude
I got a Robinhood ad while watching this
While when he was talking about Robin hood a Robin hood ad came up XD IM DEAD
this is why the reddit community is so unstable. some of these guys are there for memes and some of them just decides to crash the economy.
Netherlands doesnt have much gamestores So if it had a gamestop it would be so crowded
Is*
Good… we have power…
3:00 Well you can't stop innovation and government subsidies/handouts that benefit Tesla.
Westjett?
You’re right, you’re not a financial expert
I live in Lebanon . The economy here is .... I have no words I will just explain . Idk y the value of the local currency decreased intensely . It was already so bad . Like : in 2018 one dollar was 1.5 k Lebanese pound . Now it is varying from 20k t0 30k . And the prices of everything is ten times more expensive if not more .... I know I explained badly . I have no idea how economy works I am just 14 .
Me: a 14 year old person who wants to know what the hell i just heard 😂😂😂 my brain is still processing .... I just can't understand .... Probably cuz English isn't my first language 😅
Funny how when Andrei started talking about Robinhood, I got an ad about Robinhood.
You know they were effective when every politician and corporate media were lashing out against it.
"and Reddit was ready to teach them a lesson" *Cryptocoin add shows up*
Gamestop had one final boom in the media, and put tens of thousands of dollars into our pockets. It was a nice gesture, thanks Gamestop for going out better than blockbuster.
He said almost
Lol
Imagine this: you’ve spent your life on stocks and then some idiots armed with the power of memes and pure noledge of STONKS come at you full blast.
I got a fucking Robin Hood ad on this.
Ah yes. r/wallstreetbets.
GGUETEBN TAG
I literally just got an ad for Robin hood right after you mentioned it wtf
With respect, if anything can be crashed with a meme, maybe it deserves to.
Monke together strong
Actually, Robin Hood is a story about guys fighting an oppressive government and oppressive taxes...
This video, which featured Robinhood, showed me an ad showcasing the Robinhood app.  Coincidence?  I don't know, but I found it a little humorous...
It's not always about the money, Spiderman.
I love your ending <3 so cute
Ok, I'm not that knowledgeable much about this stock market thing but...i have one question that was never answered...did all that help GameStop or destroy it?
half a year later, everyone has forgotten
Wait you live in romenia
The Pringles man out here short selling stock
So you think a couple of thousand haggard underweared losers in basements with 100 dollars to spend on stocks are going to push tens of millions of stocks to 400 per share? I'm guessing the guy in charge of Robin Hood got together with his wall street cronies and they planned this whole scam so they could go long on Game Stop using mid-term options or futures even and then for kicks, they could buy more puts to ride the ride all the way down.
You're right. You don't know what you're talking about. I worked for a Investment Management company as a programmer for a number of years. They had 120 Billion dollars under management and they were still pretty small fry in this industry. Fidelity, for example, has 2.3 Trillion dollars under management and there are 14 others who have over a trillion under management.
It's still crashing, slowly.  We will get there.
Watching this and getting a Robinhood ad
OK BUT TELL ME WHY I GOT A ROBINHOOD AD AFTER HE TALKED ABOUT ROBINHOOD
The visuals of this video are SUPERB
You're a reincarnation of Ceausescu.       Even your voice is like his but with a bit of high pitch.
I'm so astonished that I am watching this video only now, after 8 months. That I didn't know about such a huge incident in the economy. 😂😭
You know, reddit should band together to short sell evil companies if they are vulnerable to that
We Redditors might be loners but we aren’t losers
Robinho is: We want the little guys to make money *little guys make money* Robinhood: *Surprised pikachu face*
4:21 PERFECT CHOICE OF VISUALS  XD
AKA Technology Marches On Bureaucracy is Still WAY BEHIND   O_q
woke shit will get rattled
Video summarized: *Go Reddit Go*
its shifty because they didnt block the selling of the stock. Fck RH and Fck Vlad
gamestop is really not over yet at time of writing it is about 183 per share it was at less than 20 a year ago so this shit is still ongoing.
I think Robinho is was in the right, they were trying to allow the stock market to heal
I love how they look like that grandad from monopoly and that Italian chip maker XD
2:18 pringles man
We still fighting the battle #GME #AMC 💯💯💯💯💯💯
I like how when he's talking about Robinhood, a Robinhood ad appears.
Your entire explanation of why hedge funds short is so wrong and inaccurate. People didn't short Tesla because they didn't want it to become bigger and better than Does and GM. They shorted it and still do because it is ridiculously overvalued. Emphasis on ridiculously ridiculously overvalued.
Wall Street is allowed to wreck the economy we should get to fight back
Thumbnail looks like westjetts pfp
I just got a ad of robinhood
As the old saying goes: one stick is easily broken.  But a lot of sticks bundled together are strong.
You think it is over?
My step dad actually lost his job due to hedge funds, they basically bought half of the company’s shares, force the big guys of the company(CEO’s Presidents, etc..) to leave the company, and slowly but steadily fired dozens of people in waves going from the top of the company to the bottom, so they can hire new people for smaller pay
i got a robinhood ad 🕴
The first Romanian I know exists... Romania is still a conspiracy to make a place even worse to live in than Hungary.
Good thing the stock market didn’t have a big crash because what happened last time wasn’t good.
Bro imagine losing billions of dollars because of some dude named DeepFuckingValue.
reddithood thats it
*My gender identity be like*
in Denmark GameStop is kinda new, i think it came in the 0’s.
Honestly that's the thing that makes me laugh the most that happened in the last 5 years - Reddit can be a hellhole but sometimes it can be golden -- it was golden.
Im from srbia
Sounds like just another day of Reddit to me.
I thought a part of it was rival hedge funds also participating in the short squeeze?
Moral of the story: no matter how powerful someone seems, the underdog can do an alarming amount of damage if they play their cards right. Someone studying the market for YEARS almost got yeeted by a Reddit troll😂
Now those rich people are monitoring reddit trends 24/7 so they wouldnt go bankrupt
classic reddit
Weeks ?
Haha I really want to recreate this but with another company
Salut
Me being a Facebook user*: ok.......
And so the rewriting of history begins... breaking a small handful of companies being retold as "destroying the entire economy".
I was born in the 2000s and went to GameStop like, daily
a news channel blamed them for something in the economy and someone said we eat crayons dipped in glue we dont even know what that is.
Waching economy fucked up is sure really fun
I wanted to but unable
Got a stock market ad lmaoo
And they called redditors the most worthless social media users. WE have more power than we think we do
BUY SOL. XRP. BTC...... SOL @4K$   @XRP27$   BTC 55K IN 10.15.2021 BUY BUY AND BUY SOME MORESOL IS THE ETH KILLER
Lol when I was on zoom the main topic was the stock market but back then I didn’t know what the stock market lol
Josh fight, now this? I love the internet
2:27 *BRO THATS THE PRINGLES MAN-*
I got an ad about stock markets before I watched this video.  This is my first time watching a video about stocks.
haha gamestonks go brrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr **market go oof**
You revealed you a fellow romanian
GameStop is like BlockBuster for videogames
Lol its not over yet
This story is still a legend that I will pass down onto my nieces and nephews and grand nieces and nephews.
Dude, I like your channel. Keep speaking the truth, man.
I got an add of stocks while wacthing this vid
And then nothing changed.
your animationsa are great...subscribed
I smell the left
people who know how economy works: (do nothing) reddit users: fine ill do it myself
Oh yeah sure, Reddit is the problem.
Crazy still how neckbeards almost caused the stock market crash of 2021. Glad that didn’t happen!
yo, adrei heard these news from ROMANIA, A PLACE SO CLOSE TO HUNGARY (my country) THAT I EVEN KNOW ABOUT THE COUNTRY. and most hungarian pepole do not even know that reddit or twitch even exists, and fgs you are so lucky u dint found out via video XD.
This is amazing!
If I don't see this in my government class i'ma be pissed
Never mess with the little guy.
Replace Gamestop with AMC and still happen CURRENTLY
Who else is watching the video and reading the comments in landscape lol
Imagine losing your money to someone named APESHIT
i guess not all redditors are sweaty incel band kids
The redditors weren't scoring a win for meritocracy, they were assulting it.   Tesla short ultimately failed because Tesla is a good company (though sometimes overvalued) = meritocracy.   Game Stop getting shorted because of outdated business model and difficulty competing in a changing market = meritocracy
any good robinhood alternatives?
GamesTop, Fight me
the fact that he is romanian and so underrated in the country is so sad lol, i never seen anyone talk about him, everyone talking about shelly and other frickwits
also just sayin a good way shortselling could be used is for use against nestle cause having your Ceo say water isnt a human right is pretty bad
hoo boy nothing gets shortsellers going like dwindling on blatent fraud
i honestly just now noticed his accent when he said he was from romania
Is that WestJett with blonde hair?
Lol
The Proletariat Fucking over the Bougie at their own game... Beautiful
Reddit bim bam Bop boom POW gone
YOOOOOO MY BOY IS ROMAIN!! Buna , daca citesti asta inseamna ca chiar esti roman , raspune daca ai citit asta
My name is jeff
Correction: how reddit WILL crash the economy with a meme
The Stock market is a curious place of informative gambling, influenced by organized communication. 1 man cannot change the world, but a team can make history.
GameStop? Nonono GameGo
If you want to eat the rich you gotta go to the hunting grounds BUY AND HODL .APES 💎🖐🦍🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🌙🌙
"nooooo you can't manipulate the stock market, only we can!!"  they got what they deserved
To the Moon!
Funny thing, I made 50 bucks in this event, not knowing ppl were working together this way. I saw gamestop rising at a good rate, then it lowered by about 10% and I withdrew all. 2 hours later I saw it had crashed. I couldn't belive it. I searched it and found the story of the reddit takeover            : P
your voice pisses me off
I can't believe that it's already been 6 months since this happened. Time is going way too fast
Instead of stealing their money, let's drag them and their families out into the street and cut their throats
LET'S GO REDDIT!!!
The whole ordeal felt like reddit users teaming up and calling out rich giants: *lol noobz ez xx*
3:29 leave the economics to the economists bud.
sall si eu sunt roman
Oh nice im romanian 2!
2:20 Monopoly man and pringles guy Nice
Wait did u say Romania? I live in Romania too
GameStop in Canada is EB games
I used the capitalism to destroy the capitalism
STONKS
The easiest explanation for short selling is there are more people buying stocks second hand than there are people buying actual stocks the a company will physically hold money.
I was amazed at how much leverage Reddit user had taken from the larger corporation by simply having them, the common people access to the stock market and nearly put hedge fund to bankruptcy because Reddit user refused to sell back they're share of GameStop. now this is really revolutionary, it's like a democracy where people get to decide which government they want to keep or replace, now the people themselves can decide which fates the company should be in they're interest.
I thought andrei was going to talk about westjett for a second there...
The first trade war is unfolding
A similar thing happened to small retail store somewhere in ether Arkansas or Missouri.
Is that Westjett I see in the thumbnail?!
I got an ad for best4hedge when watching this video lol
thought that was westjett for a sec
Bro game stop was and still is a big part of my childhood and i was born in 2002
I never knew Reddit was so powerful
Sounds like Reddit
0:25 caption for a still image:  Noone:              God's employee's in 1933
free shoutout to westjett?
Gamestop is just great
memes op
Basically can't do anything
lets fucking do it again
i just got an ad for hedges the bots are stupid
Game stop was great but it closed all its stores in europe
I like the detail at the monopoly game where the giant hedgefunds ONLY have 6’s on their dice, resembling their power in the stockmarket, nice touch!
GME still hasnt stoped, these bastards didnt cover and have been kicking the can down the road ever since.  KEEP BUYING AND HOLDING APES
still to this day we are sticking it to the man. life is good guys and als
im just sayin, Boston bomber
Fortnite guy!
2:18 Pringles man
i am outside USA and I know gamestop but in the recent years or mths gamestop website was no longer shown outside USA by themself
"Dad how did the economy crash?"  "Well son it all started with a meme"
Elon Musk is one of those billionaires with cigars in their mouths.
Somewhere teddy Roosevelt is laughing his ass off.
Stonks
Reddit- crashing economy
I'm still holding gamers TO THE MOON
you know your video is good when i laughed at "take a green sharpie and draw a jagged line toward the upper right hand corner of the screen"
Game stop is actually doing pretty well here. It’s under a different name but it’s still popular
the fact that fellow memers did this is incredible
Rich people: nooo u cant just destroy the stock market  reddit users: hahaha almost destroying the stock market go *BRRRRRRRRR*
Watch us have a title one day “reddit accidentally takes over the world”
2:51 Mr.Monopoly Man & Pringles dude in the same room hmmm yess interesting indeed
Let this be a lesson that we have much more power than we think
Power of the people
apes together strong
I wonder how much Bitcoin Elon has also I wonder how much people born in the 2010s who have their childhood amazing due to GameStop like me
6:16 don't known that sonic like Stock
This was a crazy Ride.
We need a video about doge coin
People are mad because he stopped the stock market from certain death
Subscribed! Beautiful content.
Neglecting to name them..
I just realised that if R/WallStreet didn't do what they did then Gamestop could have gone out of business within this year
Crash stonks
“Until the internet started to get wiser”  Man whats crazy is that we were always wise we were just restricted and just focused on shitting on eachother to the point we make ourselves seemingly downgrade
I use to love gamestop and still do but am sad that gamestop is going down so much.    jk rob tentith is a villian f him
I got a robinhood ad😂
Fun analysis! Looking forward to seeing more “complicated stuff made simple” from this fantastic channel in the future!
I'm very late but I wanted to pronounce myself, sadly when the GameStop shit happened not only rich bastard Lost money but normal people that came to late lost too because they invested to late and the price returned to normal. But personally I hate the stock market and all that shit
Bruh I just got an add about Robinhood when you mentioned it 3 seconds ago.
Please add RO subtitles to share this video to my Romanian friends who don't understand English. Fantastic job, congrats!
I got a robinhood ad right when you talked about it I’m scared
The reddit bois watched the spiffing brit, well know for breaking games and now the stock market. A simple explanation.
https://youtu.be/FAMuC54qVx0
"Nearly crashed the economy."  Oh pal, you're dreaming if you think the money movers let it get even remotely close to being crashed..
In Australia we only have EB games
I have suffered mass consfusion
I just got an ad for Robinhood
anybody can make a youtube video and drastically reduce complex topics like short sellings to “bricks”
"It's a tool to prevent the poor from eating the rich."  -Napoleon Bonaparte
I know this is off topic but I just ate the best pizza
2:57 they are so rich that they are eating pringles wasting money bro eat dorito they are more cheap
oh lord okay we might have done too much trolling
Loved the vid
After watching the robinhood part I got an ad for robinhood
Getting a robinhood ad before watching this video. How ironic
ALL HALE THE MEMELORDS
stai si tu esti roman?
I had a robinhood ad at the start…
I got a robinhood ad while watching this anyone else?
its kinda crazy to think how little normal people know about the stock market looking at the comments here even after the video explained it kinda good except it was a gamma squeeze not a short squeeze but some hedgies still had to cover and others and still naked short selling like the idiots they are. The REAL short squeeze will come at some point because this first one was just someone finding a flaw in the system
The apathetic dinghy singly reach because coffee anatomically perform within a piquant wall. addicted, exultant start
Shorts NEVER COVERD!
I was rewatching this, and I got an ad for the robinhood app-
Am fost in America am avut halo 3 si max Payne 3 lean vandut pe vreo 120$ by ma mai jucat
I think hedge funds shouldn't exist.
0:33 that “A” in the “disclAimer” is kinda *sus*
can you make more stock educational videos. your animation and explanations are actually helpful 😆
What do you think of moldova
Dude I got a robin hood ad lol
0:29 r/oddlysatisfing
Is it funny that I get a robinhood ad while watching this?
"Poor people invest in a stock and make money rich exploative peoplr lose billions and get mad" there fixed your title
Ești din Romania? Are You from Romania?    I always  Thot that You where from America
Sall
Im from romania too
Games top got closed were I live
The Great Redditions
ah yes it's just like reddit to MAKE SURE NOBODY HAS ANY FUCKING MONEY LIKE IT'S 1929
Omg I just got a robinhood commercial while watching this
Wish Reddit would Just hace KEPT the Stocks and Crashe the stockmarket
Wow you live in romania too :o
I love how I get a robinhood ad midway through the video
let me guess dogecoin?
This is what the internet was made for
Yo I’m getting ROBINHOOD ads when watching the video
Nice video! I was able to build a big income stream during the covid-19 pandemic investing with a professional broker, Mrs Lauranetta Thomas.
As I was watching this I got a Robinhood ad 😐
it's not over yet though.......
if reddit didn't exist wall street would've been boring
I just got a Robin hood ad while he was talking about Robin hood
one letter : L
the add before I could watch the video was a Robin Hood ad lol 4:01
I got an ad for robinhood while watching this
Right when the started talking about Robinhood I got an ad about it.
I swear as he started explaining robin hood i got an ad for it
i think discs are better in console gaming because you don't have to use that extra storage to get the game. The only things that would take up space would be updates and DLC.
The power of the Meme.
I legit just got a robinhood ad before i watched this
When I clicked on the video, I got a Robinhood ad with it while he is talking about the company I saw. How much of a coincidence was that?
1:51 top 10 filme Netflix
u/Senior_Hedgehog does not exist, the credit for $GME goes to u/DeepFuckingValue.
we should get reddit to take down alinity because reddit is A GOD
This was supposed to be a job for 4chan
i literally got an ad for robinhood at the beginning of this video 😳
Hi
Robinhood robbing the hood
They didn't loose nothing yet. bankrupting people in 2008, GME will be the bill for their illegal short selling of countfeit shares.
Hedgefunds and banks gambled away the economy and made it instable. Individual retail investors only used their right to buy and hold a stock. Whatever crazy risk other institutions took in shorting stocks or illegaly producing counterfeit shares (naked shorting) is none of their business.
Remember the billionaires doesn't run the world, the workers do
Great graphics bit that's not how shorting works.
Fun fact: stonks are used in the military as a and word for a artillery bombardment
I just got an ad for robinhood😂
When you where talking about Robin Hood I got a Robin Hood ad
As soon as he was talking about Robin Hood I got an ad about it
I got a robinhood ad in the middle of this video
reddit: STONKS Economy: ⤵️⤵️⤵️
Funny is that a hedgefund guy who had Gamestonks wrote an opinion article about why people should sell and not buy gamestonks, never realy explaining why and at the end he mentioned that he is a hedgefund guy.
Me: i would like to return this game  Game stop employee gives the right amount of money Game stop: hey that's elligal
THEY had to be bailed out by the government Because they lost all their money to gambling and were getting dominated by the lower and middle class I have a feeling the government is being a biased dick
This feels like gambling on steriods kinda like kakegurui but irl
I saw an ad of helping tiny companies. Conhencidense? (edit: Sorry for any english error)
Far from over
Me ,who dont have any idea about stockmarket but sees pringles man at 2:28 and gets hungry
watched this guy for like 2 years, used to like him and i rewatched this video realising that content not just here but everywhere is kinda dry
Litterly as I’m watching this I’m getting an add from robinhood
Lol i got an add for Robin Hood in this video
So this is what those people call "Reddit Moment."
Lol got a Robinhood add💀
My thoughts?  Robinhood bad. Wallstreetbets good.
me watching this remembering elon musk tweet and the fall of bitcoin price
The *STONK* market
Am I the only person who got a Robin hood ad
now i now why apes together strong
This isn't even over yet, there was no short squeeze.
I am amazed that Reddit has not done this to the short sellers who are screwing fmcc and fnma.
This ain't finish
I had a robinhood ad.... lmao
All this makes me think of.... STONKS
We're still working on it buddy
Now this is economy
Came for the drama stayed for the animation
Oh, you are from Romania? We're neighbors. I'm just to the south of you in Bulgaria.
4:08 I now just got a robinhood ad when this came up
Why do people hate vlad? If the market could crash because of my app I would do the same. Am I missing something or am I just stupid.
Me, who doesn't know shit about banking: Interesting
There's a mr ballen story about Robin hood it made a mistake and that mistake made someone commit suicide
The title is misleading, it was not Reddit but WSB a subreddit, and it was not the economy but Citadel Funds.
Don't worry the big banks won't fail because they're not soppused to                                            -Bill Wurtz
It's like the ultimate uno reverse
Well said.
2000 turned into 60000 for those who went for the opportunity.
It's better than some angry German man with an unfashionable mustache thing what you can and can't believe in
Wait until you see what happens next to the GME price.  the squeeze hasn't happened yet.
Anyone got a Robin Hood ad when he’s talking about Robin Hood?
I got an robinhood add lol
Rubber chicken
You don't seem to understand the power of memes
french pepole know gameStop beacause is the owner of micromania
We had gamestop (Norway) but they closed down and  makeup bougth the empty space where the gamestop shops where
They held fast too.  One of the hedge funds had to bow out.
Are u romanian?
You are misinformed, reddit didnt crash the economy. they almost beat the super rich people your title is grossly misleading, im unsubing. THE TITLE PURPOSEFULLY VILIFIES REDITORS WHO ARE EVERY DAY PEOPLE.  youve lost my support
Nice! Please make more!
Rich people: manipulating stock market for them Reddit users: *repeat* Rich people: wait no
That’s what I got from other peoples videos I just want to say that and pout it out in the open OK
I just want to say that short selling in this video is not correct if a person borrows a stock from you and it goes down the person ho borrowed it keeps the money not all of it but still but if it goes up the person ho borrowed it has to pay you back you the short seller in this story the you are the big hedge fund
We degenerates basically found a meta in rl lmao
Trolling
I’m in this video and I don’t like it.
I made a share of 30 dollars, To a random company, And i ended up getting in share debt bc of it, I lost 20$ since i took the risk so i lost 50 dollars in exact.
I GOT A ROBINHOOD AD LMAO
I love how he used the pringles man as one of the billionaires That mustache is a billionaire mustache if I’ve ever seen one
@westjett
GameStop wasn’t just a big deal for 80s and 90s kids like me born in the 2000 from 2009 get also why game stop is such a bug deal
I want game stop back 🙁
Andrei talking about roobinhood me gets roobinhood ad
The thumbnail is litterally WestJett
of course it's reddit.
GameStop IS my childhood
Legit for a second I thought the guy in the thumbnail was ranboo XD
Lmao we're gonna do it again
I mean they made so much it didn’t even really matter
I proudly took part and made profit out of GME Saga
This is not the Squeze
Wait,Your romanian like me???
this proves internet could be a dumpster fire, and a dumpster fire that can burn the villain's lair
In a regular since they’d run out of money but thanks to Robin Hood they managed to have “infinite” leverage
I literally just clicked off this video and got a robin hood ad
Power of the ppl
The gme push began near 4$ it had already gamma squeezed by the time it hit 20 !
please bring back your dumDUMdumdumDummmm music
lol ngl the video felt like reddit war
Reddit did its thing
I pushed loud but adjust adudio marre laoud
Bullshit it's not even done yet and it won't be before we crash this fr
5:43 he does know that GameStop isn't only in America, right?
That one sentence was pretty damn long.
0:03 romania you say ? im from there
I got a robinhood ad right as he started talking about them
Sunt curios cât de mulți români se uită la tine
😏
This is the moment we've been waiting for. Years of training; years of sacrifice.  This is for the jobs you streamlined. The debts you collected. This is for the homes you foreclosed on. The bailouts you took.  We are the True Patriots.  It's time for a new balance of power. You may not answer to the governments, but you _will_ answer to US.  Get him up.
Laughs In Banned on My Country
I hope who laungh at this shitty meme he will be a virgin for the rest of his life
Yo i got a robinhood add lmao
100 trillion dollars over the last 20 years have been from pure market manipulation
There were mostly bears btw
Wait when I saw comments it said 6999 comments sooooo
I wish I had invested in amazon stocks during quarantine
INVEST MTFKG AMC (not financial advice) thank me later
You live in Romania? Ever eat lettuce?
Reddit didnt crash anything. Wallstreet did and its about to happen again with AMC!!!
thats NOT A SHORT SQUEEZE THAT IS A GAMMA SQUEEZE AND DELTA HEDGING
the short hedge funds have only taken paper losses so far.  they are likely still massively naked short.
Reddit in June, Holding @ $250: *I'll fkin do it again*
Loved the video? When’s part 2 coming out?  It’s not over   To be continued  BUY & HOLD
Just got a Robinhood ad while he’s explaining what Robinhood is.  I know you don’t care but I find it funny
💎🙌
Pringulls I mean Pringles
The eco WAS fine it’s not so hot anymore but it was fine now it’s like $1,000,000 for a 2,4 piece of wood 😂
Short is still going on
5:14 🤣🤣🤣
Mwahahaha
Antun thats Rodinhood Hes Sterling from the poorgiving to the rich ( Antun is an book Charakter).
It was kinda fun we should do it again.
😑😑😑😑 this was such a... Omg the stupidity
I bet you didnt think in a million years youd need a pt 2 to this video. and so soon no less. lmao
The economy was never gonna crash, anyone with experience in stocks knows that any “new way of thinking” is an obvious bubble
Look at the Stock prices today lol Fucking mooning right now
The squeeze didn't squoze yet. Rocket hasn't left yet.
stupid title. not reddit almost crashed the market, the hedgies did it.   btw: nice video when its not even over. try again.
I bought some stonks the other day.
It’s happening at the moment with AMC seriously invest that shit to the moon.
When the rich rob the poor it’s called business. When the poor fight back it’s called violence. - Mark Twain
Now they should crash the whole world
It's happening again right now with AMC I have half a dozen shares and I'm kicking myself for not buying more when they were 13 dollars at closing today it was Close to 70 dollars a share
A billboard near my house stole the thumbnail art lol
This is why I love reddit
Amc 500k
lol i got a robinhood ad while watching the vid
Ce maaa esti din romania
To be fair The Man Group is named from the founder James Man which if you found the year they were founded in sure that info was right nearby.
Who does your animation ? Maybe I'll hire them some time.
yes internet is a one of the biggest WEAPON on earth
It's not just 'rich people' controlling the stock market, it's hedge funds managing people's savings, retirement funds, etc. Rich people are powerful, rich people controlling hedge funds are powerful AND get government protection because they're too big and important to fail. It's funny to see some amateurs outperform some giants, it's less funny if common people lose their retirement funds in the process.
Noone is shorting to keep the price down. They are shorting because they believe the company is overvalued..
Lmfaooooooo 🤡 🤡 🤡
This is the best thing ever. So beautiful
the amount of research that went into this video competes with the amount of research most WSB degenerates do before YOLOing their entire life savings.
That didn’t age well, when he said “the reason why you can’t short sell Tesla is because you can’t stop progress” yeah ok bud
"how reddit almost" not almost fren. squeeze still on
The part you got wrong in this video is that GameStop hasn't had a short squeeze yet. No margin calls happened. They are still holding short positions. *this info is true as far as I know.*
The problem is not short selling...the problem is "naked short selling" where these big companies sell shares that don't even exist. How? By creating them out of thin air using derivatives on the underlying stock. THIS SHOULD BE ILLEGAL!!!! And that is exactly what happened with GME. The hedge funds did naked short selling hoping to bankrupt Gamestop. Why?  Because then they never have to buy back any of the shares back...they short it all to zero, company declare bankruptcy and they keep all the money. They shorted 140% of GME stock. Which is 40% more shares than there actually are. Well doesn't FINRA and the SEC check on them?  Yes, but they usually do it 3-4 years later and even if they catch them, bc the hedge funds are supposed to disclose weather they take more than a 5% short/long position in a stock, but they LIE THEIR ASSES OFF bc even if they are caught, they are penalized the equivalent of 25 cents on 1,000 dollars...would you take that pentalty on 1,000 profit? Hell yes.   Problem was that Ryan Cohen stepped in and bought 9 million of the 70 million existing shares. And then Wall streets bets got a hold of that info and started piling in and then every person and their mama went long. And this is NOT over!!!  Most people think the hedge funds covered their shorts....NO WAY! They are caring the loses. They just disguised it better. Like a cat covering up a huge turd. Watch what happens over the following months. Especially with AMC stock and GME if they keep going up...Citadel is up the shit creek without a paddle and trying every dirty trick in the book to scare people out of GME stock...but the more retail investors hold the more Citadel bleeds until IT declares bankruptcy. And those huge margin calls will come due.   Can't wait to see it!  P.S. And to all the idiots still using Robin Hood cause they think the commission is free. NOTHING IS FREE. They are selling user data to big companies like Citadel and even routed orders to Citadel...who surprise, surprise...front ran their own trades, while keeping trading for retail investors paused ...another highly illegal tactic they use.
That's crazy how much information in this video is incorrect, damn
i am romanion but i didnt see the news about that i just found out on youtube
3:22 People tried to arbitrarily stop a good model from working and failed anyways because it was a good model? That sounds like the epitome of meritocracy.  Also, the stock market never promised anyone merit, you made that up to get pissy about something.
its not a meme
WE WILL NOT BE SILENCED.
Now the whales caught on and are really pulling off all the stops. Just last weekend they manipulated the crypto market with their fake paid FUD articles. This is why I don't trust journalism anymore. Once I saw that "pay sheet" it was over. It's like the redpill of finance or something.
Economic crashes before   “Bro the economy crashed”  “That’s crazy, this is terrible”  Economy crashes now  “The economy crashed”  “K”
We almost did it last time, we’re back to finish the mission
and that kids is how reddit almost crashed the stock market
I got a robinhood add after watching lol
Will you make a followup video of this? the battle is far from over.
My last time going to game stop, was when the Nintendo switch first came out
every boys in the world:'' lets topple the economy''
Still less money than Jeff Bezos has
Nop, people from Reddit didn’t « coordinate ». They just bought a stock they liked. Let’s stop twisting words into portraying retail investors as criminals. And if you really think that hedgefunds covered, you’re so so wrong. The game is still on. Power to the fucking players. See ya in a couple months if it’s not before.
It ain't over. GME to the moon. Hedgies r fuk.
*THERE ONCE WAS A STOCK THST PUT TO SEA,THE NAME OF THE STOCK WAS $GME-*
Looking forward to part 2..
It is May 22. The Price Is still at the $170 range for gamestonks. There was a second serge after the govt meetings. Reddit doubled down and they are still holding. HOLD THE LINE FOR APES ARE STRONGER TOGETHER!!!!
The real question now is, How will history reflect on this? Perhaps this is the pivot point in history where the People actually began to take back the power that faceless entities have leeched for generations.  All began with a Stonk xD
Happening with amc yay
To all the people that were involved  Great work guys!!! XD
i also live in Romania
You make everything interesting in a simple but unique way. I would love to watch your explanations on NFT 😁
Stai sa vezi AMC...
Robinhood: *gives to the poor* The poor: "Yay I'm rich" Robinhood: y  o  u    a  r  e    w  h  a  t
Almost?  Hold my tendies...
Heh heh S t O nks
this glorious movement should have a movie like The Big Short, but should be named like The Big Squeeze
literally just one massive vibe check
Salut îmi plac foarte mult videoclipurile tale.sper vezi acest mesaj(ziua 1)
Chicken Tendies
Redditors New Motto: “It’s Not About Money, It’s About Sending A Message.” 😜
Squeeze On!
✊✊✊
I hate how mainstream media manipulates the market. I feel so stupid and ashamed that I listened to them at the start of huge market dip in March of 2020. Almost every stock and index was down 20%, and the media was spreading the fear that it will go down to a complete crash, and stocks will become worthless. So I didn't invest at the dip, and watched it for a year rising back up to new records.  From now on, no more media for me. I buy what I want, when I want, and never sell. Just buy and hold. I will treat my stocks as some kind of emergency value that I will only consider selling as a last option. Otherwise I keep them to the grave.
Ah yes, kicking corporate where the sun don't shine
Redit : STONKS
Oh how apes will not be overlooked ever again.
I really love to see this.. The power of the people is insane...   It proofs to be an example on multiple platforms... On a game i play a group of people used the cheap labor of another country, where they sell game money for more pay per month than the jobs there.. They were underpaid, and once they stood up to the oppressors, they gained control of that whole area  Once we stand up as a people, they will see what they already know.. We are the system.
Seems like this triggered them to manipulate the markets even more now. I got out of stocks and went into crypto more. All they are doing with their rigging of the system is pushing retail investors away. Then it will be a game of them stealing from each other. There is no justified reasoning as to their ability to naked short sell. Where the hell is the sec? They look the other way. Something needs to happen to reset the markets to a fair and level playing field but i understand that will never happen.
REALLY MAN? YOU ARE JUST TALKING NORMALLY? THOSE REDDIT GUYS ARE DEMONS MAN! ONE OF MY FREINDS HAD TO SELL 2 OF HIS 4 LAMBORGINIS, 3 OF HIS VACATION HOUSES, AND 2 OF HIS PRIVATE JETS JUST TO MAKE ENDS MEET!!!1!!
With a name like “Vlad” you know he had to be the villain!
Buy XRP, 🚀 RIPPLE 🚀a very very valuable information folks, the price of this crypto currency will increase to MINM $ 5, I REPEAT MINIMUM $ 5 next week I will tell you from the reliable source so for those who want to make a profit, it's time invest in 🚀 Ripple (XRP) 🚀 and in the coming weeks you will see a spectacular increase !!!🚀🚀🚀......
*ECONOMICAL REPERCUSSION*     |As the rich saw the charts, they phoned the man.  |     |Seemingly, to betray the people.                                |               *Dives et pauper in sugit.*
Robin hood was not stealing from rich and giving to the poor, it was about GETTING TAXES BACK from the tax collector and return their earnings to the ppl who earnt it.
The Pythagoras cup has overflowed.
The stock market is so much easier to understand with cartoons
Jesus is king
3:12 One thing. It is not only becuase of innovation but also the Bitcoin purchase. Tesla bougth Bitcoin to make the short more unpredictable becuase both Tesla and the hedge fund knew that Tesla was overvalued (over the price tag) at that time. The bitcoin purchase maked it a lot more unpredictable and therefore it will scare some short sellers away. #Bitcoin
Stock Market *Looks at The People* : What are they doing ?   Wallstreetbets: They are beginning to believe!
Sheeeeeeeeeesh
That thumbnail 10/10
Apes together strong
Dope video
oh boi - we aren't even close to being done :D
Rule number 1 of the internet I learned in the past few years. Don't screw with reddit
Made me realize that these rich bastards hate innovation and they’re probably also the reason on why we still use carbon emitting fuels
Almost? Haha we still are!!!   🎵🎵We didn't start the fire🎵🎵
do y'all remember gillete lost 8 billion dollars?
How did the redditors know that game stock was being short sold?
Lol
Then the little guy becomes the rich and the rich becomes the little guy and the cycle continues, humanity will never be good
Never underestimate the power of a common man.
I died hearing the green sharpie comment 🤣
I LIKE THE STOCK, HODL! :)
Reddit almost slaughtered a titan lmao
And it's going to happen again. #AMC
While watching this i got two adds for a stock market app
The reality of investing is that most traders just want to invest and make money overnight not like that's impossible,but you'll already have attained a high level of experience well earned from days put in the market. Nothing beats the feeling of passively earning consistently from the financial markets, it's always very reassuring and resourceful. Last I checked, I still can't remember when I had cash subsidy
We're still going to ^^
I always knew the pringles guy is evil.
Ravencoin to the MOON (RVN) Ravencoin to the MOON (RVN) Ravencoin to the MOON (RVN) Ravencoin to the MOON (RVN) Ravencoin to the MOON (RVN) Ravencoin to the MOON (RVN) Ravencoin to the MOON (RVN) Ravencoin to the MOON (RVN) Ravencoin to the MOON (RVN) Ravencoin to the MOON (RVN) Ravencoin to the MOON (RVN) Ravencoin to the MOON (RVN) Ravencoin to the MOON (RVN)
I will forever have respect for GameStop. I like having physical games (cards, disc, etc) and it’s the place I go to get most of my games. And I got air popcorn popper. Not to mention all the exclusives that GS has
Redditors strong together
So you ready for part two? It’s not over, yet...
*A good story must have a good betrayal.*
I like the fact that He used the Monopoly guy and the Pringles guy as the Wallstreet billionaires
6:39 the oddly Satisfying moment.
Hedge funds: hey you can't just short squee..... Reddit:: haha short squeeze go brrrrrrrr.
is that WESTJETT???
To be fair... we just like the stock.
Everytime i see something like this, it always reminds me of bee hives and ant colonies. Its the colony that controls the queen, not the queen who controls the colony.  If a queen bee is not suitable to take care of the hive, the bees will kill or kick the queen out.  I always hear that poor people are on the bottom and the rich are on the top, untill one day, i saw a illustration of this. It was these poor people holding up the rich, with their backs.  And i thought, poor people are the foundation of the wealthy. Without us, they are no longer full of wealth.  Haven't been the same ever since.  Or mabye thats a stupid thought, i dunno.
I don't think ive ever seen reddit so unified
I had no idea what was happening, everyone was talking but i had no idea because no one told me what was happening so you all looked like dumb chikens to me but really i was the dumb chiken
isn't it still at 170?
wall street bets made the markets finally capitalistic and it was awesome.
rob-in-hood.
UXIN 🚀😎 will explode like GAME STOP, invest now in UXIN 🚀😎 ..... it will be history 🚀😎 as with GAME STOP, history will now repeat with UXIN STOCK 😎🚀BOOM.....
I don't know why but I like your voice)
no idea whatsoever in stock market, yet i find this very entertaining..lol
They didn’t, “Almost crash the economy.” They outplayed some arrogant fat-cats, who have been manipulating the system for decades, out of their money. Don’t let crony talking points confuse you on who the bad guys are.
oh hey! somehow i didnt notice this came out on my irl cake day! what a nice coincidence
This never would have worked in my country,Britain,because if your company fall on hard times you have around 10 different funds you can get to keep it going.
So all the impact reddit users made was Repeated just by a ship drifting in a canal.
oops
You missed The Vanguard Group and BlackRock. Their combined assets under management is $15.8 trillion.
I like how I got a Robin Hood app during you were talking about it
I was born in the 2000's and I loved game stop
That’s what your accent is your romanian
Rough luck Vladi lol
uau, român?
Pringles wtf
Business is boomin
Its called Robinhood cuz they robbin' the hood
... almost? It's not over yet.
Automate is truly the safest platform you can invest your funds.I must commend the platform, they are always consistent with withdrawals and their payments are automated always making me happy💯
Oh no, the billionaires might have to deal with consequences for their actions, how terrible.  Let the hedge funds go bankrupt. You absolute buffoons.  Anyway, this NEEDS to become a trend. That's the only way for things to change. Doubt it will, though, because the keys to power have left the government and have been passed to the ones that fund it.
Game stop is useless right now
I'm still not over "What should I do?" "Draw a green line upwards to the right corner of your screen"
2:33 *is it just me or is that the Monopoly man and the Pringles guy*
You forgot about the Options Contracts being sold.
This is a very good explanatory video of the GameStop situation,but is tremendously charged of the message that rich people is bad and poor people is good, like minute 3:25 complaining about the billionaires but typically the people that sends this messages want to be this billionaires 😇  Is like the communist leader that is soooooo very rich
Ahhhh man i love your voice and your animations so much!!!❤️❤️❤️
Yeah we are fucking awesome  - The 99% of reddit that did nothing apart of memes (me included)
Yolo
The one major thing with a short is that you have to pay interest and security on it so as the stock price jumps the interest gose though the roof and well now it becomes eather try and wait it out or buy it back at a insane rate and doing that just pushes the price higher
also, no one coordinated, we just happened to like the stock at the same time, and I like how you talk about it like it's the past, we're still in it, with more share than ever lmao
the economy didn't crash *yet*
Meanwhile twitter is complaining about everything
redditor moment
Forex and cryptocurrency is the order of the day in the modern world so rather than storing it, venture into investments that could bolster your financial status.  But before going into it you would need the formal supervision of a very professional and trustworthy broker, I would advice you work with Mrs Rosslyn Howard.
This video alone was helping me understand shares, stocks, and values. Thank you and I understood everything lol
I’d prefer if gamestop died over a few rich guys getting mildly inconvenienced
Robinhood has betrayed the people for the hedge fund overlords benefit.
Gamestonk
Hey, Andrei I actually used this video as a source for my essay for college which is writing whether a company is trustworthy or not and I chose to write how Robinhood is not trustworthy. Wish me luck! :D
While watching this , I saw an ad about stock marketing 👏🏻👁👄👁
Stonks
Esti roman andrei? Lool nu stiam desi chiar ma gândeam ca numele tau e românesc so...
Something like this will unlikely ever happen again. Ordinary people coordinating with each other as a whole to bring down companies can work at times when large companies slip and make huge business mistakes, but large companies also learn aggressively from such mistakes making it very unlikely that something like this would ever happen again. This isn't a revolutionary event where it is now a time when people can coordinate with each other to influence companies to a larger extent. In reality, this event only made companies less vulnerable to the power of the people because they now just learned never to repeat the same mistake again and they're now even more aggressive in watching their backs.
Don't worry, the economy is good'nt.
God that Elon musk face is cursed
Ik I'm late but gamestop was where I always wanted to go, so many 3ds games. I no longer have my 3ds but that was fun.
I'm getting Etoro ads on the vid, how ironic
Oh I remember the day I was in gamestop searching gamestop up to look for something they didn't have in there store and seeing a huge spike in money and I said "Huh neat, that's weird."
I just got an add for robinhood while watching this
5:45  Even tho i don’t live int the USA I know some stuff about GameStop being an simple Game Store were you can get a ton of Games,Consoles,maybe an gaming laptop, accessories for PCs and Merchandise of the Game Btw I’m Russian and never knew anything about that GameStop shop
Imagine getting bankrupted by people who say stonks
You ain't seen nothing yet. The short squeeze hasn't happen yet. Wait for it.
man ai sis ca esti roman pai respect nam ce zice
Redditors: apes together strong
And it is still going on.
YouOnlyLiveOnce
I feel like this video was resticted from my recomended, hedge funds get pissy at this too mate?
Me: *sees thumbnail*  Also Me: *wuZ iT tHe sToks MemE agAIn?!*
I know joke got a Robin Hood ad during the video
STONKS
Now do suez canal incident and how it wrecked the stock market more
My biggest flex is I was apart of this
west jett anyone?
As the video ended, I got an ad from the Robin hood app.
Wait how is robin hood the bad guy? They tried to save the economy by limiting the damage done to major hedge funds whilst Reddit is supposed to be good because they almost crashed the economy and giving huge amounts of money to a company.
ECONOMY FELL POOOOOG
what
dimond hanz
I just got a robinhood ad
The (20)20's Cinematic Universe Phase 1 WW3 Corona GameStonks ... ... ... Phase 2 ... ... ... ... ... ... ... Phase 3 ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... Phase 4 ... ... ... ... ... ... ... Phase 5 ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... We're in the Endgame now.
Hi..
Nope now it is above 300 dollars
Fun fact: I got a RobinHood ad while he was talking about robinhood
I borught some of my fav games in gamestop. nice to see it not going away. as many were shutting down where I lived
NOT ME GETTING AN ADD FOR ROBIN HOOD
I didnt know what the heck he was talking about half the time but I watched to the end
Content foarte bun
This is all wrong
*clicks on video* First ad: "Today gamestops increased by 788% in just 7 Days!"  *signs in to post comment* Ad: Peacful pirhana stonks going to the moon
All I learned is how I should steal from rich people legally and I most likely will do this in the future
Got a GameStop add watching this
_a small price to pay for salvation_
My brain can’t comprehend this
While he was talking about Robin hood I got an ad about Robin hood
me a 2000’s kid and has part of my childhood being in gamestoop #anticomyright
When you crash the economy: *S T O N K S*
I got a robinhood ad on this video
Stonks
stfu nothing happened
Deci si eu locuiesc în romania și asta e primul episod vazut de la tine.
do you accsiuly live in Romania cause i also live in Romenia you cowld problally tell soo because i wtite kinda trash heres a mesegi from me eu ma uit la videoclipurile tale des 😀
Lol I got the Robin Hood add when you stopped talking about lol
I got a robinhood ad before this video started
Seal of Approval.
AWESOME !!!!!!!!!!
everyone's talking about how "reddit's trash, and it's filled with toxic people" well.......         yes, there are toxic subreddits, but cultured men don't visit them 95% of subreddits are actually wholesome/funny/helpful
2:33 love the Pringles logo and monopoly man
If a random person is given something, or even a rich person is given something of value, they want to keep it. This is so they can have personal wealth, and “make life easier.” Only the people who don’t want to be billionaires, and resist the urge  to become a “better” person than before will be respected. I would actually help the economy from what is going on because I don’t like this pandemic, but I could help. Others benefit from it, which is a cheeky way of getting cash. I wouldn’t spend everything I just got from who knows where and had gotten me a fortune, I would’ve kept some. Why? Because I want to.
Apes together strong
deci esti roman
Billionaires:just invest and you can make millions People:invest and make millions Billionaires:wait that's illegal
I got a Robinhood ad as soon as the section on it ended😂
The Internet: *You Underestimate My Power.*
Stonks X1,000
I literally got a robinhood ad during this video lmao
“Sir this is a Wendy’s”
I ❤️stocks
Is it just me or just as he was talking about robinhood I get an ad from them
My dad sold his gamestop shares right before this happened sadly.
In sfarsit un roman care vorbeste despre asta
This is good
Am I the only person that doesn’t understand the stuff about money
Hey I recently discovered your channel and I have now been watching it all day, and it feels nice to find someone who I can agree with, I’m also happy to say I was a part of this, keep up the good work
eu care nu miam dat seama ca erai roman :)))
Love how the Monopoly dude is there eating Pringles lmfao
Buy and hodl 🚀
WestJett
You fuking liv in romania i do too
Ah yes, communism was right *the workers are taking power*
Moi qui révise mon cours de SES en anglais 😎
I got a robinhood ad on this XD
Wait You are Romanian lol Im From Republic of Moldova (i didn't even realize but your name was kinda sus)
"it was just a meme"
Dead ass while u talking bout robin hoof I got a ad from them.
more like homestuck crashing two websites and newgrounds multiple times <3
Bro don't mess with gamestop or us gamers and redditers will come for you and destroy you almost like how Japan destroyed pearl harbor and payed the price with the atomic bomb
Reddit honestly is probably one of the better social medias in my opinion. Redditors (especially meming or sometimes Gaming ones) seem to be more aware of situations than what other social media do as far as I'm concerned. And they sometimes aren't afraid to do something about it, such as they were able to fire a pedophile admin from Reddit's main staff, and ganged up on Amber Heard for Abusing Johny Depp and playing the victim (which also shows that Redditors know how to properly cancel someone, unlike Twitter)  I just really like Reddit's community as a whole
*And We're God Damn Proud Of It* 😤
Bro I didn’t know GameStop was only in America
This guy sounds like Coach Z from Homestar Runner
We need to become communist now, since the man group is making the bourgeis bussiness boys go insane and think they can do what they want
Rich people: if you want to be rich invest your money Reddit: invests GameStop Rich people: you weren’t supposed to do that
REDDIT MOMENT
Its going back up yayyy
In India, if you watch scam 1991 web series then you'll know how a "bear cartel" dominated the market by short-selling the shares of the companies that went against them
Jokes on you, Finland still has GameStop
**Cough** Kokichi for Russian president **cough**
GAMESTONK PART 2 ELECTRIC BOOGALOO BABY YOLO TO THE MOON
Do you live in Romania ? Me too 🇷🇴
Salut frate🤟
My sister brought up the whole Gamestop Stock price shooting up and Wall Street getting mad at dinner one night. I found out the next day that it was because of Reddit and I wasn't even surprised.
Never have I been so proud to be a Redditor. We may be shitty people, but as a wise man once said.  *"Professionals have standards."*
Why is the Monopoly guy and pringeles buy presented as billioners
big players went like "what the hell people are treating the market like a casino" as if they weren't the house of the casino
I was at the robinhood part and immediately got a robinhood ad lol
Bruh got a robinhood ad during the robinhood part
Redditors: alright boys were going to have to do this again but for what reason this time Redditor:monke  Redditors: yes
kelogish go play bubble gum simulator
*gamestonks*
"stamegop"  - Haminations
At 100% we take the government but we do not become the people we destroyed because Technoblade has taught us well.
Not saying who is right or wrong, but little guys also invest in those hedge funds. Not as little as with Robin Hood, but I mean "mum and dad" investors.  It does seem unfair though. They were within the rules, so why was it stopped?
> watch video of cool youtuber > "...even in romania where i live..." > wait this guy's from romania? unsubbed
.
NICE
HOWLY FREACK TRAIERSI IN ROMANIA :)))))))))
Holy shit. this is the first time when "we did it, reddit" doesn't sound wrong
Man Alone, Weak  Apes Together Stronk
This is what happens in roblox trading all the time, it’s called projecting items and when their high, people try to trade it off before it goes back down, we usualy avoid this when we can but that’s easy profit.
Reddit, we did it
Only in this case, companies weren’t manipulating the stock market, they were making an educated guess as to the future value of GS, and all things considered, it’s failing pretty hard right now.
Degenerates: We prefer to be called high risk traders,
I was the one who said "apes together strong" in that raid.
Hehehe I actually owned game stop stocks about a year before this even happened a odd gift from an uncle quickly became thousands of dollars I ended up selling them around 320 but honestly should've stuck it out to that 400+ cap but the market was getting so unstable I wanted to get out before I out right lost
WE HOLD TILL THEY BREAK
Man if this guy was my teacher I would get 100/100
STONKS
I always forget that Terbea is from Romania. [+]
They didn’t crash the economy
Yes, because the stock market = economy. *LoGIc*
Reddit is literally a legal version of the dark web.
Bruh i got a robinhood ad
stonks
I've seen this issue a lot but I don't have any idea about it maybe I just always ignored it whenever I encounter it.
lol, I got a Robinhood ad at the end of the video
gamestop is also a big company in denmark
Pringles and monopoly
this is beautiful serious shit, nice production guys. just wowed and shared.
Andrei: and historickly there wasnt much you could do about it Russia 1917: am i joke to you?
When watching this I literally got an ad that said it wanted to save the economy, as the senate once said, “ironic”
When he will talking about Robin hood the ad pops up XD
I just got a robinhood ad...
I made 200 US dollars from 30 stocks
Lol I had a project on using news webs and I chose this story.     I got an amazing grade out of that
I’ve never have been so happy that memes are this powerful
Andrei you are really overreacting when you said that the economy almost crashed like not saying you hard click baited but its a bit of mild clickbait
YO ANDREI MORGZ JUST QUIT YOUTUBE CHECK IT OUT
Got a Robinhood ad.
i cant find his insta 🥲🥲🥲
Greeting
Will you be covering the Gina Carao drama? (sorry didn’t remember her last name)
What was the idea behind your goose(wilfur i think hes called)
salut
Can u cover the David topic
The funniest thing I find about this is that a person who has studied the stock market for years is being beaten by someone on the internet named furryunicorn69.
Reddit never fails to deliver.
his eyes are built like Pac-Man 😳😳😳
It's remarkable what the internet can do when it works together as a single unit. You know, instead of the inside of a schizophrenic's brain
I searched up “that on animator with a purple goose” to check on you
you CAN stop innovation, you just can stop elon musk
I made like 10 pounds :D
Game stonks
I was looking for interesting  and them i found this Channel, and i need to say, YOUR ANIMATION STYLE IS AWESOME!!!!!!!!
Could you make a video about the David dobrek situation? Its still rather unclear for me
Your animation style is getting better by the video noice
And after all of this, I still don't know how stockmarket works
Jimmy cater
You vs the guy she tells you not to worry about:
It's back up at 200$ a stock
do a video about:Youtubers vs tik tokers!(guys copy text and spam this comment)
Andrei make a video on the Flightreacts qnd Dreyha drama! I'm pretty confused about the situation and you do such an amazing job at explaining it!
Wow, I actually learned smth new and interesting 😧, thanks dude! 😄
I got a robinhood add before this video....
So this is basically the end of part 5 jjba
Buna! Poți sa faci despre “FNF” un video cum a devenit atât de popular?😄
Either way robinhood is done and will go down in history as screwing over the people, ironic isnt it?
I hate to be that guy But WHATS NEXT!!!
And despite what some people think reddit isn’t such a bad place in the internet after all
In 1st grade i felt like a boss going to school after going to GameStop
can u make a vid about the david dobrik sittuation plssssssssssss
NOW CAN YOU BE FUNNY FOR ONCE IN YOUR GOD DAMN LIFE
un video despre conflictul legat de Vlog Squad?
i don't exactly know how it would work out though, like are the riches just going to roll over and let people roll all over them? I don't think so, but still not entirely sure what tactics would be deployed to fight against similar incidents. Do let me know if anyone has an opinion on this, cause this is actually interesting!
Oh no, the economy crashed. Anyways.....
Andrei poti sa faci un video despre cel mai bun battle royale?
in 50 years Historians analyzing the Gamestop stock, might wonder why there is a sudden massive spike in the stock's history
Andrei Terbea : How Reddit crashed the economy  Me : *Reddit is banned in my country *Lives in Asia so GameStop is unheard of *_*wAtChEs ThE viDeO AnYwAy_*
Don't worry about how long he's taking to upload guys, the CallMeCarson video is gonna be great
💎🙌
You make me belive in me to be a YouTuber end a drifter
Hi Andrei terbea im forom România i love your vids im sooo hapy that your so popular
This is why I want to become a trillionare. To be a saint and actually curb stomp hedgefund CEO's. The hedgefunders could of easily KILLED Gamestop, but the Gamestop buyers of robinhood put a stop to the hedgefunders "games"
Hold up esti romin?
Another Great Vid Posted By Andrei Terbea.
My Romanian !!!
Bro, I wish GameStop opens in Romania. GameStop in Romania would be great especially with online delivery, so I wouldn't have to buy games from OLX or Publi24 etc. And GameStop is way cheaper. Btw, i buy games online cause they are cheaper then buying them on PS Store.
Make video about a4 copying mrbeast pls
me in Poland: Why did I found out about it now
snoo fucking did it
I live in romania  #teamromania
Can you get a real bird ?
Make a vid about oversimplified logos
This dude is cringe. He makes even this badass situation sound annoying.
i may be late but can you talk about Ryan's Toy Review because i think people are underestimating his parents and him aswell
i didnt hear no bell.
9:00 this drawing reminds me of the meme about Kyle Hill being an evil mastermind
i know im late but this guy sounds like sernandoe but more...Asian? i dont know maybe i just dont know accents
ITS STILL GOING ON, THE MEDIA IS JUST SILENT ON PURPOSE. BUY AND HOLD BOYS
IT IS
isn't that west jett's face?
I think it is funny how some people think of these super rich guys and think they are powerful. They are where they are because we, the working class, didn't feel like moving them somewhere else. Crashing the Economy just seemed funny that morning. If you picked up a history book before you would know: Normally we drag them out into the streets and chop their heads off with a dull blade. Once we got a dentist to build an over complicated piece of shit to chop their head off. Then we burn down their houses and everyone in it, sell their family into slavery and then sit back on the sofa like nothing happend. We just had a little fun with the hedge funds. We are not even mad. Have you ever seen what happens to a goverment we think would be funny to remove? Again: History books, read them. We make the world run around. We make results.
basically a bunch of kids and adults took down greedy billionaires and i quote  "a p e s   t o g e t h e r   s t r o n g"
Lots of things happened in 2020 and early 2021. That would change history for a long time. Is what i've been hearing a lot
2:31 why the hell is the Pringle’s guy there
noice
Neatza! Ai content atat de bun făcut!  Și animațiile sunt super bine făcute!
Bro right after you mentioned the  Robin Hood app I got an ad for it lmao
These emojis are without membership and I am going to show you how to do it  I have added spaces to this so I don’t write  There are many other emojis than this. Check the YouTuber timeworks video for more info    □ = : buffering : □ = : yt : □ = : oops :  Go to timeworks’ for the rest of the emojis  Edit: Reload the page if it shows a square/rectangle    E
Here's how all of this happened *wifi ad*
Andrei can you talk about the David doobrik situation
r/agedlikefinemilk 9:17
Fun fact: if you search purple duck ,the top reply is andrei
So you can tell the billionaires they can go f themselves
But I never bought any shares
I bought 150,000 shares and we sold them 30 times there original price which I made for $215,000
Its a simple fact: if the billionaires control the market is okay 👌 if the lower class start to take control, its crisis
We did it boys!
Andrei terbea. I would honestly love it if you could make a video about the whole imjaystation being banned from YouTube drama. I think this is defiantly something worth being in you amazing videos
Pringels
pog
*stonks*
Can you make a vid about david dobrijs drama
Hey Andrei I may be late but make a video about the vegan teacher and get the clips from commentater videos so you don’t give her views
shorts don't drive down stocks. it's mostly independent. market manipulation comes from outside control like news and stuff to make people wery and sell their shares, Example: remember all those fake news articles about Elon musk leaving tesla from a few years back, yep that was them.  also stock can be more than 100% short because when a share is lent out and sold it still exists, and can be lent out and sold again. one share shorted twice.  those hedge funds just took a risk and got burned.  also Robinhood can do basically whatever they want, they are a private company so things like free speech don't apply. also read the terms of service and don't just skip through them and then get surprised when they can shut down trading. also part of that EULA is the stipulation that disputes go to arbitration instead of the jury and lawsuit. all of the lawsuits against Robinhood are dead in the water.
I just realised that the characters that he drew, dont have a nose🤔🤫
Almost? Muahahaha, it’s only just begun.
What about “LeArN ThIs In YoUr SlEeP” videos
5:15 life hack channels be like:
Oh- I got an ad for Robin hood 😂
robin hood is basically discount korea/china incident where they are on the people side, and then once robin hood got beat up, they went on the government's side, only to get beat up even harder, by reddit.
reddit stonks:
haha i also live in romania :D
*STONKS*
Wow it "literally squeezed the hedge funds against the wall"? I thought it was just a metaphor. Where is this wall? Do you have any photos of them being squeezed against it???
One word explains this video                                                                                                   Ratio
I am getting so many gardening ads from this video. Hedge funds? What  a name lol
Can you PLEASE make a video on that vegan teacher I think it would be amazing!
You should make a video about That Vegan Teacher
Robin Hood. More like robbing the hood
Got in late, made money, and then got in again with more, it would be weird eating bananas on the moon but I ll get used to it
I don't really think of WallStreetBets as some modern day Robin Hood, and I don't really see them as the heros of this story. The stock market is supposed to be a bit of a meritocracy, but as you mentioned it can be manipulated a bit. However, when a company runs out of cash and can't get someone to bail it out, it undergoes liquidation. Assets are sold off to pay debts and any leftover value is distributed to the shareholders. So once a company undergoes liquidation, no matter what price manipulation was done before, that is the final value.  What does this have to do with Gamestop? Well, not only is the Brick-and-Mortar business a bit in doubt, Gamestop has had many horror stories over the years. As late as 2017 there were many former employees who spoke out against how they were treated like dirt. And in 2020 they got flak for trying to be called an "essential business" in many American States during the pandemic, which would allow them force their employees to work under the threat of termination. Physical rental of DVDs didn't die out, Redbox was fine before the pandemic even as Blockbuster was killed by Netflix, but even if physical purchase of games (probably console games since few PC games are even sold on CD-ROMs anymore) remains viable, it will probably be a company that doesn't have a black mark on its reputation like Gamestop. The company is not going to survive unless they get a different source of revenue, so they will probably undergo liquidation and that final value is probably closer to $5 per share than $150 per share.  The only problem for the Hedge funds is that they idotically decided to short more shares than existed. When more than 75% of a stock is shorted, the short squeeze becomes a viable tactic (because some normal investors might buy even without coordination with the squeezers) and when it is 100% the squeeze is guaranteed to work because you're lending out more shares than exist. Had they shorted something more sensibly like 30%, Redditors can buy all they want, but the hedge funds can confidently wait until liquidation. I wouldn't call the hedge funds evil people who ruined Gmaestop and its investors. Rather Gamestop, whatever it was in the past, is now a company that is losing money and treats its employees like dirt and deserves liquidation. The hedge funds were just opportunists who saw to profit from this, they didn't cause Gamestop's bad practices, and they got a bit too greedy with the shorts and exposed themselves.
billionares :the pandemic is just as hard for us as it is for you!😭😭😭😭   litterally everyone else: no its *not* 😂
Welcome to communism
Too bad I most people didn't get in on the fun
jajaja ez
F for the normal people who just shorted gamestop and lots a bunch of money
...and now i download reddit
where was the meme again?
I bought 10 shares at a low price then sold them at about $150
AMC
why is the purple bird always in a bad mood?
All for some reddit gold
i think this how Elon Musk and other young Billionaires made it to the Big Leagues.
Now........ TIME TO TRADE and GET RICH!
Did u like said at the beginning "Romania"? U r from Romania? Bruh I can speak that language too XD
Honestly at this point what's something reddit hasn't done
Any one else get an ad from Robin Hood after the video
"If you don't live in America you probably don't know what gamestop is" Me, living in Italy, who bought many things there:
apes together strong.
let’s do a second wave
You speak like this is over
I feel so ashamed I watched this when I was  2 weeks ago
I wish these billionaires lost all their money and now they want to press charges against Robinhood. Pathetic. What are they even gonna accuse them for ? Stock market is an risky business. Sooner or later giants must fall. If the bottom  falls whit them so be it. Are they part of economy while sitting on fat stacks of cash while others are sweating. I think they should get real job.
What happened on January 28 wasn't a short squeeze, it was a gamma squeeze likely caused by contract sellers honoring exercised contracts which added more share purchases to drive up the price. The coordinate efforts to stop and limit the purchase of stock in the subsequent days were what lead to the price drop. Most people do not believe very many of the short positions were actually covered since there was no correlating price increases to match it, just a steady decline after the initial bounce.
Just imagine all the simp money if they united and did something like this. The world will turn upside down
i had game stop stock i sold it 1 day before it blew up i had 4 shares...
game stop isn't in canada, at least where i live but in it's place is EBgames which is probably just scuffed gamestop
Actually this happens alot. Just not to this degree.
*when you don’t online shop and just prefer to shop in person*    *WHAT THE HELL IS GOING ON?*
GAMESTOP
I knew it. Youre a romanian
Haha
Hey andrei you made my day
Can u do a video about a YouTuber A4 copy mrbeast
Is vilfo acctually real?
Hey Andrei how to grow my yt chanle
yes diamond hands not poophands duh
2+2= do you answer this question I’m going to subscribe you
I've been in America my whole life (not a big statement for me considering i'm not exactly old) and I LOVED going to GameStop. When the Pandemic hit, I was sad to see one of my favorite companies to fall behind. But this saved the company BIG TIME. I was extremely happy to hear the news, and I realized that Redditors were practically holding the stock market hostage, so I kinda laughed my ass off for a bit.
How is this guy back in my recommended?
AH
Can you do a deal with someone who will make a wilfur plush
How to explained this video: a (very) big group of loos canons put the ultimate troll on some big companies.
M A N G R O U P
Andrei can you talk about the YouTuber Preston?
I learned more about STONKS in this video then in 8 years of school
outro song name plz?
👍😃
Wow they got played in the end
Do a4 copy mrbeast Russian channel
sorry but i dotn think you know how shortselling works. it doesnt necesseraly drive down the price of a stock. the fact that the price goes down is caused by people who sell their stock because they think if the hedgefunds shortsell it the company is probably not good.
Amazing video man, I paused the video just to type this. 😄
Meanwhile in Poland nobody knows about it...
Manuipoly: reddit edition
billionaire investors crashed the StockMarket in 2008 and 2010 crushing the investments of millions of people, and got bailed out with tax payer money and no one batted an eye. A bunch of redditers do the exact same thing and suddenly everyone loses their minds!
Its not over folks! GME 🚀🚀🚀
Speaking of social media joining forces against a common enemy,will you make a video about Thatveganteacher finally being banned from TikTok?
I am
NO! Nothing was coordinated! Apes just like the stock because GME will eventually cure cancer or something. Don't spread the false information.
Make game stop price 1000000000000000
Andrei why do you make content in english and not in Romanian?
Mooon
ツnot really smiling but hey      E   I like video  *Insert meme*                   Hedge funds?  Never heard of em               Ok sorry         Plastic!                  Well anyways all im'ma say..  Thanos potato?  Yes                        No
You think this is over??? You think that the company in the middle of this is called GAMESTOP by coincidence? There is a war coming...please be sure to be on the right side of it...buy and hold GME
Did you know here in Malaysia our backup money is 100 billion plus
AMC 1000!
gamestop's motto was "Power to the players"... how fitting
Still holding baby!
It is cool
The shorts could have covered early in the rise then there wouldn't have been a rise to 500 and billions lost by the hedge funds was their own damn fault. They got greedy and didn't want to cut their losses like some rank amateur trader.
Interesting how these hedge funds got the SECRETARY OF THE TREASURY to step in to stop the will of the people...
ah yes another video for the youtuber detective andrei terbea
Sincer nu am inteles cum te ai gandit sa iti faci canal in engleza daca traiesti in romania, genial
It's the power of the gaming chairs.
Yo what do you mean coordinated
GamerStop
We have a gamestop here too (in switzerland)
Did Reddit just do something good?
Românașu romăniei 🇹🇩🇹🇩🇹🇩🇹🇩
😃
Hey Andrei even though the situation isn't resolved yet can you do another video about Carson, if you know what I'm talking about then and if you don't basically Carson was accused or was exposed of being a P word and there is a side wherw Carson is innocent or Guilty, but what I wanna hear is your thoughts and reactions to the entire situation
Andrei, if you read  this plz make a video on that vegan teacher.
AYO WHAT DA
Everybody gangsta until the Internet Community teaches you a lesson.
Esti din Oradea?
i don't have money chief, so i did not took part in this XD
haha, stock market go brrrrrrrrr
6:50. Just time stamps for myself.
I’m not good at economy but is Reddit good? Or Doing this bad? Edit:I think this is good who ever did this I give happiness    CONTINUE CRASH THE STOCK MARKET  📈📉            📉                 📉                     📉                            📈📉                                     📉 Dont arrest me pls
This is the dumbest fucking video I have seen in a while. Please never talk about stocks again
Ya know that they are artificially manipulating the stock market which is illegal
hey bro keeep doing this conteent man!!!! Feels good seeing a good content channel nowadays.
Gamestop is Back baby!!!!
Why dies have 3 6 on them
They can make scam 1992 with this story 😂😂. (If u know what I mean)
nice narrative, but again, no, reddit didn't cause the short squeeze, hedgefunds did.
We are still going.
Back at it again on milking the hot topic.
This is why you should've let wilfur do the talking
People also need to realize many billionaires made tons of money from this. Money that came from regular everyday people.
Hey Andrei any advice on being a youtuber
Noice.
THIS        IS NOT OVER
Not gonna lie when he said "Robinhood" I thought it was another sponsor lol
FNF
Rd
My ad for this video was robinhood 👁👄👁
bombardierul andrei
How Reddit almost CRASHED the Economy sure how reddit did
its like the infinity stones
Aey, i live in romania too
meanwhile Indonesia that Banned Reddit : What is that
If you want to know how reckless wall street bet is, just type 69. I remember seeing a post that a stock ticker YY (to still this day idk what the stock is) and it reached the price of $69.69.   Somebody just posted the stock reaching the price of $69.69 (and the person did not even endorse or encourage to buy the stock) and one of the comment was saying that he or she has bought it.   The funny thing is, the person who bought YY did gain a profit, but a person who said to sell the stock was wrong in terms of how high the stock price would go.
My man, the US stock market has already crashed, the current economy is an illusion created by inflation and things like the stock market in which people get money by doing nothing
Hello I'm in filipines please sub me because I'm your international fan
The Sonic the Hedgehog community almost did a similar thing by buying so many copies of Sonic Boom that the economy almost got fucked up. Look up Sonic Inflation.
Mr. Pringle is funny
🏴󠁧󠁢󠁷󠁬󠁳󠁿🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿🇿🇼🇻🇺🇼🇫🇼🇸🇽🇰🇾🇪🇾🇹🇿🇦🇿🇲🇻🇳🇻🇮🇻🇬🇻🇪🇻🇨🇻🇦🇺🇿🇺🇾🇹🇻🇹🇼🇹🇿🇺🇦🇺🇬🇺🇲🇺🇳🇺🇸🇹🇹🇹🇷🇹🇴🇹🇳🇹🇲🇹🇱🇹🇰🇹🇯🇹🇭🇹🇬🇹🇫🇹🇩🇹🇨🇹🇦🇸🇿🇸🇾🇸🇲🇸🇳🇸🇴🇸🇷🇸🇸🇸🇹🇸🇻🇸🇽🇸🇱🇸🇰🇸🇯🇸🇮🇸🇭🇸🇬🇸🇪🇸🇩🇷🇪🇷🇴🇷🇸🇷🇺🇷🇼🇸🇦🇸🇧🇸🇨🇶🇦🇵🇾🇵🇼🇵🇹🇵🇸🇵🇷🇵🇳🇵🇲🇴🇲🇵🇦🇵🇪🇵🇫🇵🇬🇵🇭🇵🇰🇵🇱🇳🇿🇳🇺🇳🇷🇳🇵🇳🇴🇳🇱🇳🇮🇳🇬🇲🇼🇲🇽🇲🇾🇲🇿🇳🇨🇳🇦🇳🇪🇳🇫🇲🇻🇲🇺🇲🇹🇲🇸🇲🇷🇲🇶🇲🇵🇲🇴🇲🇪🇲🇫🇲🇬🇲🇭🇲🇰🇲🇱🇲🇲🇲🇳🇲🇩🇲🇨🇲🇦🇱🇾🇱🇻🇱🇺🇱🇹🇱🇸🇰🇾🇰🇿🇱🇦🇱🇧🇱🇨🇱🇮🇱🇰🇱🇷🇰🇼🇰🇷🇰🇵🇰🇳🇰🇲🇰🇮🇰🇭🇰🇬🇮🇷🇮🇸🇮🇹🇯🇪🇯🇲🇯🇴🇯🇵🇰🇪🇭🇺🇭🇹🇭🇷🇭🇳🇭🇲🇭🇰🇬🇾🇬🇼🇬🇲🇬🇳🇬🇵🇬🇶🇬🇷🇬🇸🇬🇹🇬🇺🇬🇱🇬🇮🇬🇭🇬🇬🇬🇫🇬🇪🇬🇩🇬🇧🇪🇺🇫🇮🇫🇯🇫🇰🇫🇲🇫🇴🇫🇷🇬🇦🇪🇹🇪🇸🇪🇷🇪🇭🇪🇬🇪🇪🇪🇨🇪🇦🇨🇿🇩🇪🇩🇬🇩🇯🇩🇰🇩🇲🇩🇴🇩🇿🇨🇾🇨🇽🇨🇼🇨🇻🇨🇺🇨🇷🇨🇵🇨🇴🇨🇫🇨🇬🇨🇭🇨🇮🇨🇰🇨🇱🇨🇲🇨🇳🇨🇩🇨🇨🇨🇦🇧🇿🇧🇾🇧🇼🇧🇻🇧🇹🇧🇯🇧🇱🇧🇲🇧🇳🇧🇴🇧🇶🇧🇷🇧🇸🇧🇮🇧🇭🇧🇬🇧🇫🇧🇪🇧🇩🇧🇧🇧🇦🇦🇶🇦🇷🇦🇸🇦🇹🇦🇺🇦🇼🇦🇽🇦🇿🇦🇴🇦🇲🇦🇱🇦🇮🇦🇬🇦🇫🇦🇪🇦🇩🇦🇨
$1,000 isnt a meme, $gme to the moon...
soo you live in romania... Atunci incelegi ce spun???
Not financial advice, buy AMC
Almost? Still ongoing and will
Rules are made by the rich for the people, yet rich don't follow rules made by them
CEO-ul Robinhood ar trebui spanzurat pentru manipularea bursei.
This is what sucks about america. Big companies _can't_ fail, they get bailed out. But individuals get no such treatment.  It's socialism for the rich, capitalism for the poor.
WE ARE BACK BABY!!!
that chewing pringle man is adorbs! :)
Fun fact - Wilbur (his duck) is actually Nicoleta Toader
hedge funds takes the L.
Chicken flavor water
gamestop is also in denmark it was my favorite store
I am türkish and I love your videos
https://youtu.be/J89Pju6D5gg
How printing money smashed the economy
Invest with us as hmmm Amazon before video
Ok      wOw ThAnKs FoR tHe LiKe!!!@!@!@@×!÷@÷@×@!!!!!!!!
There not 🐂 they are 🌈🐻 . Just saying for the video
Game stonks
Me Who Didn't Even Hear About This : ... Yeah
Andrei can you make merch  I really want something like a wilfur beanie
Make a video about john swan and dream
You don't mess with gamers and Redditors. Them trying to take down game stop was their biggest mistake they "awoken" a massive beast that could not be stopped
this will need second part, as GME now is at 240$ :)
Hey finnaly i have found a romanian or a brothers in the world . Salut
bai smechere cf
Hi i am also Romanian
Don't know if I'm the first one who notice that, but why the dices have  6 points on each parts?  Oh, whait, companies cheat.
when you start short selling turnips 🤑🤑🤑🤑
I made $2000 on robinhood but once they restricted trading I lost about $4000 I decided to transfer into Webull which only restricted trading for a few minutes rather than a whole day. Safe to say I’m never going back. I’ve also successfully convinced my friends and family to move from robinhood to Webull
Im still holding
I'm scared rn, his instagram , fb and twitter all pages are removed, wut happened 2 him??????????????????
Wilbur cute
YOU NEED TO DO A VIDEO OF WHAT IS GOING ON WITH PRINCE HARRY AND MEGHAN
It's not done yet..
GME go brrrrrrr
yeah right, the entire economy is 10 billion dollars (gme market cap)
netflix dint kill blockbuster redbox did because netflix you cant rent games
Tendies printer
Nooooooo, you cant just crash the economy with a meme haha gamestop stocks go brrrrrr
9:17 "one thing we know is that gamestop stock seems to have returned back down close to its original price" ... it's more than a few dollars so no it's up up up💹
i literally got an ad about money now
📈I Bought📉And still hold💎✋🤚💎 HOLD THE LINE❗ ...🧐Join us (it's not for money it's for the vote -- BUY A STOCK NOW).
The short squeeze is far from over
Lets use memes to change our world.
Cine este român să de-a like
I wish i could have bought game stop shares damn
How much french people watch andreis videos ?
3 YEARS AGO, I came up with an idea to use Marvel and DC Characters and create funny videos. I made one video about Tony Start revealing his secret identity as Spiderman but it did not do good so I quit. I feel so inspired watching this channel because it achieved what I could not. This is very hard work. Most people don't realize how hard. As a fellow artist and film enthusiast, I salute you. Watching your videos do so well makes me inspired and motivated to restart my passion. I am going to start uploading every week from now. It doesn't matter how many views I get. Seriously, thank you for inspiring so many of struggling artists who try to go their own way. Individual artists can never compete with big studios because it takes so long to make even simple animations. Most people get discouraged very soon. I happen to be one of those people. Well, not anymore. Thanks.
My hope is a price of +1200 USD with the squeeze. Retarded price I guess, just betting on the rest of the retards to put in a 1000 USD or higher sell limit.
I still go to gamestop
“Perhaps I treated you too harshly...”
/anʒelu/
LOL
I DONT THINK SO
NICE
U
Wall street bets are the bulls, bulls fight they gay bears
Robin hood: steals from the rich to give to the poor "Robinhood": steals from the poor to give to the rich
0:05 Romania?  More like  ROMIA
Could we have a video explaining on the Callmecarson situation? Because there is a lot of misinformation about him and I don't want to be misinformed. If you do, thank you! If don't, I understand.
Omg, brilliant! yes i'm American but i hate the idea of lots of cash cause all together power will find a way to corrupt the most sincere heart you can imagine. it just takes one negative/positive choice to make what can be a huge difference in that persons entire life and the generations to come after. i never got into the grove of this cause i'm a poor person and thought we'd still have not much say in the government. after all we the people were supposed to be running our country all together as one. our founders doing what they did for freedom was great and all, surely they'd be disgusted with everything now... especially since those protests over a old man child staying that threw a fit about loosing his place in office. god i miss the 2015 crap were things were more manageable with the world. rest in pepperonis my fellow americans, and distant family from somewhere over in germany.... now that i think about it my moms side came from there during and even after the wars.. man, i need a flipping pizza, Doritos and a nice cold two liter of the dew itself to rewatch my minecraft childhood youtubers.. i dunno how many people here grew up with minecraft and still play it, for me punching trees have never been so nice. god i'm random lmao
hey andrei can you make a video talking about how dream got 8 more subs in less then half a year?
Anyone else remember when Andrei was at 100k?
Good
Can you do a video on how jaystation was making lots of drama like talking that his girlfriend died as a "joke".
to the moon
this was 1 percent of Reddit doing this, if 100 percent did this, imagine the power of GameStop this, its stocks would be over 9000 percent of what they were before, Gamestop would upgrade itself using this money, and could actually have a good chance of surviving.
Cool.
0:57 literally. you mean figuratively?
Wow
I sent my father this video because he was confused of the whole situation. He said that this was the best explanation his ever seen of this.
The best thing about being a Redditor is that we are a**holes & we don't pretend otherwise.
Hey dude. Amazing content subscribed❤️
Saying this will crash the economy is so cap
Cover the James Charles thing
Will you shut up plz
Andrei Terbea(Andrei Țerbea) i am trying to start animating but i doesnt really work can you give me some tips?Cool video by the way!
I wonder what would be next... Reddit deciding to take over RobinHood so they would change its rules themselves?
The game stop just got destroyed but reddit N O
multumesc andrei sorry im romanian but dont know how to spell it😁
the thing is robinhood did nothing wrong after a lot of people started buying gme stocks they had to start paying thats why they stopped people from buying game stop stocks
Rich people: *manipulate the stock market fpr their own gain* Reddit users: *do the same* Rich people: wait no
In your face greedy billionaires. Now my dad can rest in peace from the dead. We rise! And show the world that we so called "degenerates." By the public perception are actually the most powerful community to outstonks the stonks.
Great video 👍👍👍 Love, love 🌼🤗🌼🤗🌼
Very fun
nice
I don’t understand how wolf of Wall Street can get crazier
Reddit
oh yeah this is big stonks time
6000th comment dont ask why lol
2:15 anyone else see the keyword of that sentence
Pringles and monopoly.exactly what i think of  when i magine the stock market lol.jk keep up the good work.love ur vids
For any one joining DONT believe the news.... We not going with RKT, silver and any other stonks.... Apes got 2 hands only, 1 💎👋= GME, other 💎 👋= AMC... Apes not selling when stonk goes down.... Apes buy more.... Dont get fooled by 🐍 in 🦍 clothing telling you that WSB is hyping other stonks... Keep in mind, If r/DFV is still in, then Apes still in... We like the stonk...
last time i went to GameStop was in 2020, but sadly they don't have GameStops in Norway anymore:(
If taking down the elites means crashing the economy then so be it. The people have decided to tear down the institutions oppressing them.
This video would be so great if it weren't so biased
as if anyone cares about reddit
I bet that this will cause the market to crash at some point....
Have nothing to say, just want to let you know I exist  ;)
Sunt un român,i am a romanian
E.
also this is a dam good kool aid
oh not ALMOST. We arnt done yet. please stand by ... lol
Cand mai postezi alt video :)
Not understand everything but still like what happened
going to tell my future children this story
We at the big bucks funds thank you.
Bruh theres like two game stops in Finland
I knew it you are Romanian because of the name
I knew it
I am romanian
Make a video on romatwood
SOY ANIMATION. SELL EVERYTHING RIGHT IN THIS INSTANT.
Hello
The industrious production lovely welcome because cart contrastingly queue amidst a  fresh fifth. likeable, irritating cow
To this day I still go to GameStop just to have some nostalgia
“Once regular people realise that together they hold a significant amount of power against these billion dollar institutions” omg it’s almost as if us leftists have been telling people that since the beginning. That nothing is weaker then feeble strength of one but unionising makes you strong
You are the one borrowing the shares when you short sell, not the one lending.
pringles
After reading dozens of reddit/Facebook comments attempting to explain this situation before watching this video, I .... THINK I understand short-selling now.
Okay so when they lose several billion they get cash injections but when I lose several billion I get fired. Seem lagit
Sub to mango mike
Another one is coming 💎🙌
A lot of these hedge funds technically count as "small businesses" because of the amount of people they employ. So they get the same tax breaks and rates, protections and compete for government releaf with mom and pop businesses.
I live in the USA and I wach your videos
Yes I took part... I bought myself a new car... It's a cute Toyota Yaris.. But a car is a car
gme spiked again
I have EB Games
robinhood makes a ton of money by selling the data on what you buy back to Wall Street, keeping them ahead of the curve. the name is a lie
EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
we deluta esti roman mama mama ma uit la tine de ceva timp si nu stiam
Honestly he has to start a podcast
if a lot of dumb people do something stock go up
Esti cel mai tare , dintre romanii de pe yt numai la tine ma uit
reedit was fucking billanroles like give them there medcine
Who else got 2 adds for stock after this
Well in Sweden no and I mean NO ONE have talking of this GameStop thing And yea I like GameStop but I don’t have heard of it here in Sweden
I see hedge funds having to comply with reddit
The economy??? It crashed a single stock. Didn't know gamestop was the backbone of the economy
GME TO THE MOON!!! 💎
When i saw it on the news i didn`t understand but now i get it.Thanks
Andrie I have a question did you and/or One of your family members fight during the Romanian revolution against the Soviet Union
You send one of your favourite creators a dm asking how he is... and get blocked. Fun
Oh we are going to destroy Wallstreet soon.
Make a vid talking about pewdiepie vs Cocomelon
Some indian dude back in the 90s did this all on his own and without internet.
Can I have a tick
Howdy mister
*REDDIT, ASSEMBLE*
What is happening in America right now?
What about u/DeepFuckingValue (aka Roaring Kitty). He was literally the most important person during this event
eb games?
The squeeze was mainly done by other institutions...
Redditors are the kind of people to say "milionaire bad" but they are also the same people to drool over mr beast and pewdiepie.
The left and the right United for the first time since this event
It seems like the billionaires and the hedge fund managers didn't lose after all, because even though for a while they owed a lot of money the share price dropped right down.
I would do business with morals, not for money
Make a video about the dream SMP
Look at SRMX and RXMD
Never underestimate the power of coordinated autism.
There should be a movie on this
I still think that situation is funny as hell
Some random millionare:*does something to the market The Entire Reddit:So you have choosen death
L E A F
nah nah nah "How reddit WILL crash the economy" stay strong our time will come
redditors after destroying the us economy and ending the entirety of america for a meme
Hedgefunds: *manipulates stock market* Reddit: *fights back* Hedgefunds: *shocked pikachu face*
Monopoly man and the Pringles man
can you please make a creepshow art vid?
armando
NO SHARES COVERED
every one thought tesla was overvalued so they shorted it
reddit should be ashamed of themselves
Does anyone have any tips for upcoming animators?
Redditors (im also a redditor) to millionaires: You underestimate OUR power!!
*The future is now old man.*
Everyone thinks the sun going out will eventually be the end of the world but the truth is Reddit will be the true bringers of Doomsday!
Wow, Andrei . Great  job ! Keep it up
Ay
Billionaires: (wears gold armor, and weilds gold sword.) Robinhood: Want to be like him like him kid? (Gives tiny dagger to reddit.) Reddit: (looks at Billionaire and nods. Robinhood: Now hav... Reddit: Stonks! (Starts viciously stabbing Billionaires) Robinhood: Stop! Please! Reddit: Stonks!(runs away with gold armor.)
💎🤚🚀🚀🚀🌜
ai zis romania ?
Thank you
So uh yeah, moral of the lesson - trade.
i still don't understand...
Wait,are you romanian?
Sunt si eu român.
“Hold my Brothers!!!! HOLD!!!!!!!”
Haha, green line go brr
Dude, it's not just Gamestop and Robinhood that were part of the short squeeze. A total of 23 companies, including Gamestop, were targeted because they were being short-sold.  In order, the companies affected were:  AMC Theaters (AMC), AMC Networks (AMCX), American Airlines (AAL), Blockbuster (BLIAQ), Bed Bath & Beyond (BBBY), Blackberry (BB), Build-A-Bear Workshop (BBW), Eastman Kodak (KODK), Express (EXPR), Fossil Group (FOSL), Gamestop (GME), Genius Brands (GNUS), iRobot (IRBT), Ligand Pharmaceuticals (LGND), Macerich (MAC), Naked Brand Group (NAKD), National Beverage (FIZZ), Nokia (NOK), Palantir Technologies (PLTR), Siebert Financial (SIEB), Tootsie Roll Industries (TR), and Virgin Galactic (SPCE).  Another short squeeze on Gamestop happened on February 24, the same day this video was released. Similarly, GME Resources, an Australian company that has a ticker symbol that is the same as Gamestop's, saw its shares increase by 50%.  Also, a short squeeze was triggered in Malaysia on Malaysian glove makers. Plus, cryptocurrency shares increased; Dogecoin's value increased by 800%. Metal futures also increased, mainly being on gold, silver, and copper. It wasn't just Robinhood that restricted trading on Gamestop. TD Ameritrade, E-Trade, Webull, Trading212, and eToro restricted Gamestop, AMC Theaters, Blackberry, Nokia, and Koss Corporation. Some companies that weren't initially involved in the short squeeze such as Rolls-Royce (the aviation company, not the car company) and Starbucks, were also restricted by Robinhood, eventually leading up to 50 restricted stocks. When the aforementioned stocks were restricted, people were so angry, they review-bombed Robinhood's star rating, and there were protests in Menlo Park, CA, where Robinhood's headquarters is located, outside the Securities and Exchange Commission building in Washington, D.C., and the New York Stock Exchange.  Keep in mind that all this information is available on a single article on Wikipedia, however, some of the part about which companies restricted which companies is on Robinhood's, E-Trade's, Webull's, TD Ameritrade's, and eToro's Wikipedia articles.  I would put Trading212's Wikipedia article, but they don't have one.  Link to Gamestop short squeeze Wikipedia article: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gamestop_short_squeeze  Link to Robinhood Wikipedia article: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robinhood_(company)  Link to TD Ameritrade Wikipedia article: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/TD_Ameritrade  Link to E-Trade Wikipedia article: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/E-Trade  Link to Webull Wikipedia article: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Webull  Link to eToro Wikipedia article: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/EToro
Robinhood more like robbingthehood
wo
wait why is gme going back up again it went down to $40 a share after the whole thing but now its back up to $120 a share???
I live in romani too
I have read back then the intelligent investor.  To be honest, I think people just don't know how bad it is if the price of a share goes up by so much. When the price of the share is high, no one can buy any more shares, if no one can buy more shares, then the stock market will be unused at that part, sticking with high price possibly stopping "money flow". By stopping money flow the economy can crash, because our world builds on it. Rich people are rich, because they let the money flow. I mean, just imagine being in the place of the guy who buys a share for 10$ then you are the last to input 400$, after 1 point you only lose and if it drops to 10$ you lose 390$. The big companies are not there to "exploit you" by dropping the price and making it go high. They are there so to integrate the costs of a share. By integrating it, the yield for you can be about 1% or so, not like 400%. So you won't make a 100$ into a 100000$. If you could make money that fast without work, it would be pretty bad. The same is true for others, they won't have 1000% losess, just 1-2% usually if the price is kept in check. The intelligent investors just integrate and win small amounts of money. There are many investing strategies and this is one of them.  I mean, yeah, that gucci stuff you wanna buy might be a little pricy, but if you pay for it before the time comes that you should be paying for it, in other words you get money fast, that high price goes to the gucci stuff, not to food, etc. Meanwhile if you were to put in time and hard work by running a company or smth that gives enterainment to multiple people, a passive source of income, then you could still wait a bit, but not as much and you would pay for everything normally.  They are there to protect people from bankrupcy by making the prices low and the economy. I mean, if you were to invest and the price goes up, someone above you will be unlucky by putting in a share. The company and you win, but the person above loses. If you think about it, intentionally trying to raise the price of a share is pretty selfish. It helps those who put it in initially with low price and punishes those who put it in at very high price.
Diamond Hands to the moon!!!!
"I mean even in Romania where I live" Me: HOLD UP- U LIVE WHERE WAIT WAIT WAIT IM SO CONFUSED
?
De ce nu vorbești în română
The thing is that this was only one hedge fund but, there are much more. You cant beat wallstreet
0:20 "a bunch of regular guys in their underwear _bending together_ and _sticking it to the man_ at such a level. it's was so insane, and so oddly satisfying" r/suddenlygay
💎🙌💎🙌💎🙌💎🙌💎🙌💎🙌💎🙌💎🙌💎🙌
2:46 when you smell your feet
Anyone else seeing that he is changing the hand colors in the thumbnail
I live in Sachens (Germany) and Gamestop is (besite Amazon and stuff) the only place were you can get games and consols and game related figures from.
love frm india..
ti-a luat cv sa scrii despre asta =))
Robinhood: let the people trade. People: ok. Robinhood: w..wait, NO.
Do one about dogecoin and elon musk! please!
Capitalism must rise too much sometimes.
Știam eu ca ești român :)
Reddit Main Character Arc They unlocked their 1st power Apes Together Strong
I wonder if we can collapse civilization with a meme
meanwhile my country indo still blocks reddit because the gov think its a mature only site. people here be like: reddit? what's that?
Rich people getting a taste of their fraudulent medicine?     I wish I was old enough to contribute
If you dont understand, Watch 1992 Scam web series in India with english Subtitles. Perfectly explained.
Why pringle man doe
Don't tell me you're a fan if you don't swing your head right to left when the end credits roll!
*yeh nah we got eb games lol*
All I know is I hope Game Stop doesn't close
The problem about this is that hedge funds actually got the most money from this and retail investors lost the most money
this man made trollface art
Not even the clone wars was this greedy
Thank you for explaining what happened. You see, I'm just a 14 year old and don't really know stuff about the stock market, but I understand what happened now :D
Who thought this was a west Jett video
The best part is, the squeeze has not happened(supposedly). But, rn I’m bullish and not a financial advisor.  Edit: Well, I’m back. This developed into something nice, very nice. I’m up over 100% of my initial investment right now. On to the REAL squeeze we go~
First words : doge coin
Robinhood got bribed or was never the normal people's friend.periodt.
🥤👁👄👁🍿
Hedge fund: short stocking game stop Reddit: “I’m gonna put some dirt in your eye”
ok.
Capitalism is greedy. Communism gives rights to the people 🚩
the guy who started all of this is about to become one of the greatest generals in history, probably second to alexander the great.
The general public should be allowed to buy and sell stocks.  Those who are trying to stop others from doing so?  Well... let's just say that they aren't welcome in my home.
After seeing the government condemn them for playing the stock market and the following scrambles to bail out the crooks manipulating the stocks in the first place and showing us peons where we stand in the pecking order, I honestly wish they would have crashed it just to see how it all works.   "Oopse those 3 hedge fund "companies" lost a stock gamble. There goes the whole country"... icing on 2020 cake
I had to pick between this and " you say run goes with everything" "shaggy races rex"
The innate modem pathohistologically pause because cent semiannually mourn aboard a loose nylon. broken, nasty tip
I live in USA I loved this place
Redditors or billionaires that put their eggs in one basket?
the economy was fine
Diamond hand boys
close to its original price ( was 4%) is still 100 $ today mhhhhhhhhhh stonks
Bailing out hedge funds -_- do we need them though especially if they are mainly shorting?
Reddit: Defender of Humanity
these videos probably take soooo long to animate so props to Andrei
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dYHa6bpa3V4
Apparently what I’ve heard about this is that robinhood was partially biased. But also, because stocks can’t be instantly taken, stock buying companies need to give compensation money if a company rises in the brief time between the order for the stock and actually getting the stock
Funny meme
i don't  know what the pringels guy do in all of this
I love his bird
Toooooo the moooooooon
what
The kid shows were right. Teamwork can beat anything
I still have no idea what's the thing with the stock market and gamestop but it probably doesn't matter
To the moon!
just found out that Andy is from Romania? Anyone?
The Robinhood app didn't age so well as it's devs just made a buggy unusable app and dropped it with no support, no updates, no reply from the devs. You're better of using Webull or Swim at least these apps have a rating higher than 1.5 stars and have the testimony of others on it including me
Ok seriously, they were shorting funds that DIDNT EVEN EXIST which I'm pretty sure is VERY GODDAMN ILLEGAL, and they just get away with it because they're the 3%? Oh yeah, that's completely fair. But seriously, Reddit did a very good job saving a bunch of different small companies that billionaires were killing.
The married bread precisely extend because baritone microregionally rush about a well-off lilac. null, weak carnation
why.
Stock market crash of 2029
We redditors... *we are gods.*
bro i cant find your nose, i'm sorry
If i may ask Andrei how long does an animation like this take you to draw and how many hours a day do you spend on it, you see im in school studying 3d animation, but the equipment i have for now can only handle 2d animation so i may end up starting with that. im really curious to know
I like how pringles and monopoly mascots are the greedy hedge funders
Yo
We should do that again
I had 7 shares lol
r/wallstreetbets went from a pickpocketer to the fuckng payday gang of the stock market
Reddit’s a bitch for not crashing the economy
Andrei: Drops one paper Wilfur: P A T H E T I C .
How Warren Buffet became a millionaire: (Decades of hard work studying the ins and outs of business, finances, stock markets, fundamentals, and capitalism)  How Redditors became millionaires: Haha GME go brrrrrrrrr
Since this video doesn't include info from the Congress meeting, it is important to note that Melvin Capital admitted that the rise of GME in late January wasn't actually a short squeeze, but a gamma squeeze.  They're both the same in which you force others to buy shares at much higher prices. The only difference is that with "gamma squeezes", you instead have high "call" options that had a high impossibility of being fulfilled.... well... fulfilled, and now a whole bunch of contractors are forced to fulfill those call options even when the shares are ridiculously high.  The short interest is still ridiculously high for GME, and this doesn't even include the roundabout ways Wall Street is using to short GameStop (ex. shorting ETF's that hold GME shares).
I didn't participate in the initial thing but i bought at 115 to lessen the losses of those that did at least a little
Just loaded up on more amc because im terrified of GME but at the same time will forever keep my shares because even though im scared of GME, i love GME!
Wait, you live in romania?
00:01
Short squeeze em by the BALLS!!
very fluent english
It's back up boyss
How  redditers became human
It was already crashing, they just made a profit
we like the stock
Pringles
woah, so many 1k+ likes comments :o
When the dice only have 6 on each side for the rich
Andrei: “Hey, it’s me.” Me: “Oh hi, what’s new?” Andrei: “Reddit did a very controversial thing.” Me: *”I said tell me what’s new.”*
Me who lives in germany: But there's gamestop here too.
People: *Are legitimately struggling*  Billionaires/Media: Not our problem, ha!   People: *Fight back as a means to get justice for the problem that they caused*   Billionaires/Media: Ah shit. *Cries hysterically*
lmao
The random chimp events have finally come to fruition.
4:11 the nose dig is awkward af lmao
Yeah we HAD thise here
I'd love to think that the Robinwood sues will do anything, but then if we think a bit.. there's something called Terms and Conditions which every user accepts where clearly excuses Robinwood from everything that happened
Esti cel mai bun youtuber pe care il are romania te apreciez mult,te salut din constanta
Reddit is the start of everything
Hey guys what if we do it again using the profits from Gamestonks.
"their catch phrase is yolo" LOL i did not expect that
I dont think one compamy short squeeze can destroy the econmy😂
We did it reddit!
In england there is no talk about this
My dude if you think this was cool, we need to talk. I'm using this concept of people working together to build a game that let's players sell their loot on the stock market. Essentially give big triple A companies a run for their money. I have a concept trailering you'd like to see
Me: *Still Processing things*
big money guys:hahaha i make money off GameStop hahaha redit: are u sure about that?
I just want to know why the monopoly dice have a 6 on all sides
I'm afraid that Tycoons will use this to make new laws in order to limit the use to the public, so that they can do wathever they want without being bothered at all.
I bought one at 300 and sold at 124 one the second boost a couple days ago
I've never watched this channel, but the first thing I thought was "why is he holding a purple duck?"
i didnt take part but i saw it go up in the sky
Wow, thanks man! Finally understood what's going on
Rich people: Yeah keep the price low, and make it even lower Reddit: I'mma try trading and make stonks haha  Results: Rich people loses billions of dollars
You go guys, get those rich and selfish bastards
wait... u are romanian i am too cool
i brought game stop stocks  i guess it was fun while it lasted  i had just got into the stock market during the lockdown  and my friend introduced me to wall street bets  just like andrei said l feel kinda betrayed
Thank you, Andrei, you've managed to make me understand how important this subject was. I couldn't get it until now. If people would unite more often, we'd be able to change many things, but unfortunately people still think that they're not able to change much
🤯🤯
Englezule
stonks
Eu cand realizez ca el este roman
Damn. Talk about savages, running up prices to screw companies out of money by banding together
Millionaires: screw gamestop lol Reddit: if they want war....    *WE WILL GIVE THEM WAR*
There is literally no reason to stop now. We have the tools to bring down the few assholes thinking the world belongs to them. They think that in many ways but one of them is ivesting in the stock market. They are making incomprehensible amounts of money from nothing and they will not stop. They have no boundries. Not in the form of law and even less so in the form of morals. The concept of morals doesn't apply to them. We have the tools to bring those fuckers down. We just have to use them in the right way. Bring down the big cooperations that have been ruling for so long now. They have no interest in benefitting  you, or anyone  but themselves, so we, the actual people  have to take what is rightfully ours. Don't let the 1% take what belongs to the 100%.
in ce oraș stai?
There is no reason to stop now.
Ahhh. Stonks.
Imagine researching so hard and making an animation within a mon- Andrei : *you underestimate my power*
There will be laws to stop gamestonk from ever happening again
westjett..?
watching this 5 days after it was posted. Gamestop is back up and sitting at $130😂
Fun fact: reddit crashed the stock market for fun
I told that dude to take profits while he can, now he's regretting about his diamond hands.
Can't stop, won't stop, Gamestop
Correction: "American Economy"
The animation here is amazing but I still can't understand the situation. Not one bit.
Rest in peace, old (and much better) pringles logo
Me: woah reddit really is something huh Reddit: dude that was like 5% of my power Me: _w h a t ?_ Reddit: there's that guy too 4chan: *:)*
Degenerates strong together.
clickbait
And it's on $120 right now.
If Wall Street doesn't respect me, why should I respect it?
Isn't the Man group Manx? As in, from-the-isle-of-Man-for-tax-purposes?
Respect din moldova
Reddit having this much power.. it scares me.
All this had done is given me a need to know the relationship between the Pringles guy and the monopoly man
Arbor metals                    GOLD thx
Westjett
thats a very good cactic just convense abunch of people to invest very fast with alot and boom double profit
Stonk
monopoly man big brother of pringles man
But your a youtuber gandovaen thjon mgh aus,ejd bljag cidimididyr.INCUMBRE
By the time the gamestop became really popular i just woke up
*🥳🎊🤩SMC GLOBAL MARCH BLAST OFFER🤩🥳🎊*  *(🥳Account Opening Free With 1st Year No AMC Charge🤩)*   *Full details*  *SMC GLOBAL SECURITIES LIMITED*  Account Provide :- *Demate Account, Trading Account & Mutual fund Account*  Type :-  *Full Service Brocker*  You Can Trade/Invest In :-   *Intraday Trading, Delevery, Future and Options, Cash, Currency, Commodities,Equity Market, Derivatives Market,Swing Trading, Position Tradind, Mutual Fund, IPO, Bounds and etc....*  *The Broker got awarded as Best Commodity Broker, Best Currency Broker, Best Research analyst for Equity, IPO*  *✔️AUTO TRENDER, ALGO TRADER,PRO TRADER , And Telegram Primium Channel Avelible... ✔️*  Account Opening  Benefits :-  *Company Provides Personal RM, Dealer, Research Calls, Research Message + Whatsapp Messages, Research Emails And Research Groups.*   *Additional information*    *Company Provieds Dedicated R.m Dealer who will assist you in all your trading and investment*  *Online Account opening within 30 minutes via web ekyc.*  *Weekly research reports from research desk covering every aspect of Indian and global market , upcoming results analysis , and stock picks based on technical analysis.*  *Access to diet odin (State of Art software for trading) ,smc ace mobile application and web version which has more then 50 plus features to meet all your requirements for market analysis* . *Participation in our learning webinar  conducted by our research head Mr Nitin Murarka who will explain all the aspects which we need to take care while trading and investing.*  Account Opening Charge :- *Free.....Free....Free....*   Please provide below mention documents for Demat account opening. ✔️1 photo  ✔️Pan card ✔️Aadhaar card ✔️ Cancel Cheuqe  ✔️6 month Bank Statement (Incase of Derivatives transaction)   Account Opening Link :- https://tinyurl.com/ya6qx7bo
In Australia game stop is know as EB games
Almost?
The stock market: I fear not thing...    But that thing.. (Points at Reddit)  *it’s scares me...*
Really good animation man.
Reddit: hey bro 4chan: what's up bro Reddit: wanna destroy Wallstreet? 4chan: sure, it will be fun  *a day later*  4chan: what have we done? Reddit: exactly what I've planned, should we stop? 4chan: no, I WANT MORE!!!
Today, I felt good about Reddit more than Twitter
I go to school for 8 hours and learn more in this 10 mon video
westjett
INHALES** Ahhhh nationalism
Is this on the test????
Once regular people figured out how to game the stock market for their own benefit, which is exactly what the financial elites have been doing since economies began, the first thing out of Wall Street’s collective mouth was “We need to shut this down right away! We must put more regulations on the markets! We can’t have the proles cutting into our profits!”
squeeze aint over yet boys
"Hey guys remember when the stonk almost killed stocks"
stonks
“Almost”...
Discord: idiots in the media  Reddit:  So how’s the plan on taking over America?
imagine being called robin hood then shutting down when robin hood shit starts happening
can’t wait for the spiritual successor ٩( ᐛ )و
*STICK IT TO THE MAN*
Ape keep diamond hand currently 100gme stonks
As sadly most likely pointless as this was, I like to think it sent a message. Stop being greedy and fucking with our favorite shit. It will backfire, and the internet will lose its shit.
Truly disgusting, that some “people” would do this horrible thing.
Truly disgusting, that some “people” would do this horrible thing.
Truly disgusting, that some “people” would do this horrible thing.
GameStop literally will give you 7$ for a 200$ console
A little late
Losers unite!!
Stonks
I didn’t watch the video, I’m making a guess.  Aunt Cass Photoshopped.  wait that isn’t a meme, that’s Heresy
Wait you are Romania
can andrei please do a video about tommyinnit and dream with the stan culture
They didn't almost crash the economy,  some wealthy people started losing money by their own tactics and all of the sudden the stock market is broken and multiple trading brokers magically break
whats the meme that crashed the market tho did I miss it?
Modern people power
I only have a dollar so I can’t rlly do it hehehe
They are just displaying dominance
If it goes down, you get indebted? Like what happens there
Ok i think i found my 2nd favorit content creator on this platform (si e si Roman , wow i did not expect that xD ). Keep up the good work!
I took my second class of my business course today.... I think it’s a problem that I don’t understand much of this
I can't understand.
Finally! Someone explains it in a way I can understand!
Thank u!
What platform or app do you use to animate because the ones I use are to confusing
Bro I still go to gamestop
memes
cringe
so.. the usual?
I was born in the 2000s and GameStop is still my whole childhood. I’m not joking, I get very excited everytime we stopy by there, I even got an eevee plushie there! We also got other things like fnaf mercy, Nintendo games, maybe even the Nintendo switch, it’s all just a handful of amazing.   Also good job reddit you get the golden star with gamestop written on it poorly with a pencil because I’m not smart and/or rich enough to print a legitimate sticker
Bruh my dad works for the MAN group lololol
Whose watching after GameStop got repumped?
Basically don’t mess with the enternet hive mind
hey there's 3 gamestops near me :D
We need a new app ! An app that won’t betray us
all the redditors were prob snuffed by corporate hitmen sadly ;(
wallstreet bets is just like millions of jimmy neutrons on meth
Question on the stock market. When they “lend” a share, who is that being lent to? And why would someone accept it? And if they lent it to someone and the price went farther up can the person receiving the share force sell it back?
We need a part 2
I bought one stock and I did sell it later and made 11 cents
it didnt break the economy tho... and it wasnt a meme redittors wanted to help gamestop os they dont close gamestop forever so they bought a lot of games and stocks from 'em so the buisness skyrocketted if they didnt gamestop would have closed every store .
Meritocracy is a concept create by the rich and powerfull people to justify that they keep (they didn't run the companies by themself) 99% of the gains and don't share it equally. It's kind of like the myth of the american dream in a way...
Hold up..      Where are my Romanians at? :) 🇷🇴
I like the touch of the pringles mascot and monopoly guy being the hedge funds.
so if i buy an orange for 1$ i can sell it for 2$ later?  SO IF I BUY A LOT OF ORANGES I WILL HAVE 2 LOTS
me telling my Grandkids how I bought shit from a failing company and took billions away from rich people
I invested 30$        And I lost 12674.24$
i like the angry little bird
WHO IS HOOD AND WHY DOES EVERYONE WANT TO ROB HIM???
I just watched 10 minutes long video of which not only did I not understand the point, but it actually confused me...
I just thought it was funny rich assholes got a taste of their own medicine then threw a fit about it
Diamond hands my brothers, diamond hands.
This is a flooking mess, I don't understand some of it.
I don't understand how selling the Gamestop shares would have crashed the entire stock market??
9:07 looks like Sirius Black. (This is meant to be taken as a compliment)
0:13 imagine not wearing a mask in the bus! THAT MAN AND THAT LADY are a THREAT they should be arrested!!!
They didn't "almost crash the economy" though, and they were doing it for the money...
I wouldve invested in gamestop to save it
I think thats the only chanel where i like and  dont like the outro at the same time Not like bc it means that video ends And like bc its so funny to watch Although i think, Wilfur doesent like me very much
I got a WeBull ad for this video.
So should i invest in gamestop ? 🤔
Is this.. glorifying? Or shaming those involved?   If anything it’s the beginning of a economic bubble.
;)
Feels like the thumbnail changed. Last time it was normal hands, now it's diamond hands. What?!
https://youtu.be/mZehUIuym8I
Holy you should be glad you said you're not an expert on the matter
This is actually the 2nd time Redditors did this! This first time was in 2014 and the R/Sonic sub did it, it was when Sonic fans tried printing money and caused the US dollar to inflate! Google Sonic Inflation for more info.
This is an extremely cathartic story
Dude if there is one thing I like to see, it's videos like this. Videos analyzing big events and/or creators and rather than taking a bias or not doing any research, putting work into it and turning it from a complicated mess into an easy enough to understand video. Keep up the great work andrei
Let’s the stocks be the steps to a better economic society
I'm surprised DFV wasn't mentioned once. He's the one who started this.
yo yall want to rob some lazy rich people?
Im from Brazil soo no i did not participated
Cool story, thanks for heads up but that doodling in the end... can we get more behind the scenes?
r/wallstreetbets: "We do a little trolling."
reddit is the most powerful unit
I like how everyone says "OMG REDDIT ALMOST DESTROYED THE ECONOMY THE WORLD EVERYTHING I CAN'T BELIEVE IT OMG OMG" When its just "reddit did a thing that affected a few millonaire people"
Next we should short squeeze google. That would be funny I think.
Ok but what did the Pringles guy do?
Somebody once told me The internet is gonna rob me I ain't the sharpest boi in the home. He was looking kinda dumb with the finger and her thumb in a shape of an $ on their forehead.   Press "Read more".        Get shrek'd! XD
Imagine losing billions of dollars because of people with names like Stonky_Farts
We just like the stock
Hi
The squeeze has not geen squoze, hold strong fellow apes. Tendies await!
You live in romania!!! Me too :I
Actually I still go to GameStop
They didnt,see ya
this is so well made how did i only discovered the channel today?
Hedge Funds: "Ok. Hahah. I'm real phat and rich right now."  People: *begin trimming the hedge for it's cash.*  "HEY HOL' UP PLS STOP STOP GUYS HELP ME"  Ordinary people: "hahashearsgobrr"      US Government: "oh nonoNONonONONONONONONO"
2019 me would have love this
billionaires get angry at people manipulating the stock market while manipulating the stock market
#to all me biozz who fought against them
I know someone that almost lost their job because their company almost lost a huge client since that huge client lost over 1bil dollars from the gamestop meme
I bought 4 shares. and made a 15% profit
We like this Stock
F**K I MISSED IT BY 5 DAYS F**K U YOUTUBE
this was the best explanation of the gamestop drama ive found so far
is that you, dave?
This is kinda late
Title left me bamboozled
Y O U  D A R E  D E F I E  T H E  H I V E
Breaking news: people almost crash the stock market for a meme
Imagine the stock market crashing because of memes
true story what happened to me when this was happening: "SISTER!" "yea?" "YOUR IDIOT BROTHER MULTIPLIED HIS MONEY 3 TIMES"
Don't be mad I fucking hate Romania because of my dad
Unde sunt romanii mei 😂🔥
Bro can u do a video on dream and John drama pls
E mișto cum un român reușește să ne facă țara să pară mai bună.
esti roman??
I made 40 million and lost half of it     STONKS
imagine waking up one day and see PoopyGorilla is more richer than you
Várjál te romániábal élsz? Akkor tudsz magyarul?
Do they think all wall street investors are billionaires? Some of them were struggling people just like them and reddit just ruined it
To the moon
Does anybody remember when andrea said he didn't like sponserships but now he has a sponser for every video
these hedgefunds also used other tactics which many argue should be illegal, to artificially deflate the gamestop stock value even lower than it should have been from just the shorting and gamestop going under. They then proceeded to get mad at reddit for manipulating the market, just like they had been doing, in the opposite direction.
Can you do vanossgaming and friends
As usual, Andrei is always late to the trend
It actually happened in January lmaooo
why do i watch this? i was on the sub real time.
How do u not mention deepfuckingvalue? But we aren’t tanking the market we just pulled the reverse card on the hedge funds simple as that.
Wait, you're from Romania?! Big support from your neighbor Serbia
Gamestonks
Chiar asta am vrut să întreb dacă ești Român 😅
4chan didn't get the credit we deserve : (
If I’ve learned anything from the Man Group, it would be: The more MONEY you have, the more MAN you are😎
Unde stai in romania? 😉
To be fair, most of those big guys play important roles that keep the economy running, so if you push them too hard that could actually result in serious bad business for everyone including the little guys. Imagine if suddenly half the employment slots just flat out died? How would even the little guys keep going then? The rich could just coast off their momentum to survive for things to re-establish but not everyone. Economics is complicated.
Thank you for making this video. This really helps keeping up or understanding the situation
Never before in my life have I ever developed such a distaste for the monopoly man and pringles man
Wtf is this bailout bullshit, they fked up, now they should be fked and bankrupt, i swear i dont get these “bailouts” at fucking all
Reddit: no one cared who I was... *Until I almost crashed the stalk* *market*
See the problem with this, is fucking Titles like this Jesus. That title literally helps the fucking cooperate overlords
Wondering what Harshad Mehta would've done in this case?!
Been waiting on an explanation video thanks
Brig down the capitalist swine
dude i've lived in Romania before
He says it almost “crashed” the economy. It was literally just the redistribution of wealth within the stock market economy.
*POG*
*Capitalism giveth, and capitalism taketh away.*
Hedge funds was a word used quite a bit in this video so I kept getting ads for garden hedges
its not over
Can we just appreciate how Reddit can do random stuff and all they have to do is have like 3 people talk about it a lot then other people join, and then stuff like this happens
Wait andrei is in romania omg I am from to
Ceau, Imi plac videourile tale!
I am proud of my reddit community
It's not a meme
Seeing the pringles character made me really hungry
Was I the only one who knew nothing about this?
Love the fact that reddit is screwing over wallstreet.
redit should have sold them BACK, as a message to say that ON OUR TERMS we will save the  market from crashing... but let this be a lesson that current technology  is out-growing your  by gone systems and we have the power to destroy it, its just a matter of time.  😆😆ALLOW FINANCIAL EQUALITY NOW, OR PREPARE FOR A HIGHER FORM...... OF WAAAAAAAAAAAR!!!😆😆
I am in UK and don't know much of GameStop.
Wait Reddit actually achieved something?
It wasn’t all of reddit it was a small group of users. Giving reddit this much attention is dangerous Andre
as an ape that likes the stonk, it's a wild ride and with the first hearing already being complete, it's clear that Melvin, Citadel and Vlady boy were working together. The stock will go up, it's at +$100 USD atm and the shorting still continues with constant media attacks against it. GME has a new line up of amazing and experienced individuals and innovators. Surprised you didn't mention our Roaring Kitty 👀 this is not financial advice.
I was about to "I didn't heard it in Germany" but I didn't take the bus for Months and it look like it just happend.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5FQvJe_cTLc Funny right (JK)         (kinda)
😱i live in Romania too!😱
The true meaning of “gamers unite”
I don't even understand what's happening . All I know is that something about GameStop and stocks is blowing up.
Hey. Gamestop is in Sweden too
Don't know how I bumped onto this. All in all GREAT clip 🥇. I also watched those rather similar from MStarTutorials and kinda wonder how you guys create these clips. MStar Tutorials also had amazing info about similiar money making things on his vids.
Român yey
Reddit, we did it
Wait, so if robinhood didn't shut gamestop stock buying, the market would have crashed. So if that happened, everyone would have been fucked, and a new depression would have happened, right? So wouldn't that make robinhood the hero for saving everyone?
STIAMM EUUU!!!!!!  STIAMM CA ESTI ROMAN DAR NU RASPUZI
Wait. Are you Romanian????? 0.0 why i just now notice omfg I have brain dmg
Personally, I think GameStop should be bought again, pushing the price up, but not just GameStop, ALL short sold stocks should be squeezed, and not sold until the greedy hedge funds stop their practises, and use other means to make their money.  It would piss them off, and maybe pump some much needed money in to various economies around the world
Together monkey strong
As of now, I bought a share around 50$ and it went up pretty quick again. Hopefully this week I will be bathing in tendies.
the thumbnail looks like west jett
Lol hi to my Romanian guy
This sh*t is HILARIOUS 😂🤣🤣
Wish I could buy stocks but I’m not 18
Plan stonks success and failure... Moving to next plan... Plan bonks... Instructions bonk vlad...
Time to buy gme
You mark my word: 'One day, Reddit's Wall Street Bets will not only save GameStop, but the other malfunctioning corporation called, 'U. S. A.'
That stimulus check that Biden passed out really gonna strangle robinhood even more.
It was the highest GameStop has ever been and probably ever will be. We where invested in it and robbing hood stole it.
vlad tenev instantly became vlad tepesh ........
So... pringle guy is the bad guy
What happened on Jan 28/29 was actually a Gamma Squeeze, not a short squeeze.
Ok so reddit is getting us justice?? Lesgooo
This vid is the best explanation of what happened and everything surrounding it that I've seen yet. ++
I think the representation of what stocks shorting is a little bit misleading in this video.
Millionaires: let's make a couple bucks on this company. Reddit: *drop kicks the investors in the back of the head while wearing cleats* not so fast
Bravo inca o data, Andrei!!
I mean... the economy is already practically destroyed Why not destroy it some more?
Reddit is an unstoppable force and im not upset about it.
Man I wish I would’ve taken part, but I was clueless about how this was all done until this video
HOLD THE LINE
And then the PS5 came out..
You can go on to a bus?
GO GO GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Well what if we use a different app to destroy the millionaires again?
Oh hi Romanian
Are u from romania?
Maybe hes romanina but hes still fun not gana lie
This can be summarized as Billionaires getting defeated in their own game
RobinHood became the very thing they would destroy
I-
lol reddit
WE DID IT REDDIT1!1!1!1!1!
Robinhood except it takes from the poor and gives to the rich.
Well looks like someone is getting assassinated
4:24  that is not physically possible   THROWING MIDGETS ON A DART BOARD
:0 Welp, time.to destroy the stock market!
You know when Andrei shows footage of him drawing the video is coming to an end.
the future´s history teacher´s should use Andrei Terbea instead of John Green...
Lol
Pringle and Monopoly guy ruling the stock market xb
I hate seeing these videos cause before this happened I was doing a project that had to do with stocks and I had to choose a company so I chose GameStop and me and my mom were getting interested with investing and were thinking of investing soon but it was too late
for some reason i really like his outro  edit 5001st comment
I know this isnt Gamestop related, but my teacher told me his friend invested in bitcoin when it was really cheap (talking like 0.01$ cheap). That same friend of his is now planning to retire at 40.
Oh great freaking job redditors
Hi Andrei! Can you do a video about  james charles that let's just say that he ,,played" whit a 16 year Old. If you know what i am saying
I created a community within my reddit account, and I would like to change the name of the community, is it possible?
LETS DO IT AGAIN!!!! lol
The entire story explained in 5 words: money anvil hits slime block
Robin hood was on stocks itself so it could be attacked in response.
I'm not gonna be surprised When Reddit Ends the world They Almost Destroyed the economy they might destroy The entire world
It's quite rare for a romanian to speak english fluently. It's almost impossible to distinguish you from an american. As a fellow romanian, I know what I am talking about. Congratulations!
me who uses etoro:  **stonks**
When an animator clearly doesn’t know a lot about trading lmao
Milking current events for views i see....
Reddit being useful for once
Indians will understand scam 1992
DO A VIDEO ON THE SIDEMENS COMW UP. WOULD BE VERY INTERESTING
Redditor 1: let's crash stock market Redditor 2 : oke
We did it reddit.
Reddit didn't do shit.
Rich guys: It isn't our fault people are poor. They just don't know how to control and exploit the stock market. Poor people: *control and exploit the stock market* Rich guys: wait no that's illegal
Super video andrei imi place sa vad oameni care incearca sa faca un canalde youtube pentru oricine  Best wishes
wait for the rich guys to understand that if the lil guys can cooperate into killing the rich. Then the rich guys can cooperate as well.
Robinhood wants the everyday, ignorant user to be able to invest in Wall Street, not destroy it
Hello from Romania
Im allowed to watch this while working and if my parents come down I say im learning about the stock market.
This video flopped only 800k views which are low for Andrei. I think this video was shadowbanned
Andrei talk about ZHC
Andrei talk about ZHC
Andrei talk about ZHC
Andrei talk about ZHC
Andrei talk about ZHC
Andrei talk about ZHC
Holy
the millionaires of wall street have been abusing the stock market for years, the redditers have made their gamestop...     no? not funny? oh ok.
Gradpa, what did you do during the pandemic? Meh, just played a lot of videogames and crashed the stock market.
That animation pretty good
I just hope that I will get the opportunity to do a GameStop in the future...
Gamers can do anything
2:34 rip pringles old logo
Funny thing is that the stock has reignited once again xD
Robinhood's story but in Reddit
as a wise man once said "*i love democracy*"
What
3:21 le happy merchant
Iam so happy someone taught me something today ! Thank you 🤗
So, do u like here in romania?:)
wow, im actually surprised at reddit community, in a good way.
Care e memul
Ngl, this is really confusing, but from what I understand, rich people did some bullshit, and as revenge redditors decided it was ok to crash the fucking stock market, and as a last ditch effort Robinhood guy didn't allow redditors to do that. In the end, it's stupid but I don't think there is a "right" side here. All of it was dangerous and stupid. But nothing too bad happened and the rich guys did get a punishment for what they did without stupid ass redditors crashing the goddamn stock market and causing the not so great depression so in the end I guess it had a kinda Happy ending?
Rich people: just get money and stop being poor.  Poor people: alright then *does what the rich have been doing for years*  Rich people: no wait. Not like that
Meme great  Meme funny Meme powerful
Stop society return to jungle
the reddit community has too much power ._.
I made 50 grand on the GameStop squeeze .... on my practise account
First the economy Then they overthrow the government
"This has got to be the worst trade deal in the history of trade deals, maybe ever"
ok im still confused. how did the redit users buying game stop stock cause bilionares to lose money. I don't understand the stock market at all lol
This is the defenition of "Ape's strong together"
Monke
robinhood? MORE LIKE ROBIN DA HOOD.
in summary: the power of friendship and teaming up is unstoppable
You live în România?  B u n a
I hope this happens more often,  fucking over greedy people is so satisfying
Gotta remember the stock markets isn't the economy
"whoever controls the memes controls the world" -elon musk
im milionare rn
when a homework assignment had me talk with a parent about what I would do if I had a million dollars for a day, I was about to say to be a short squeezer but then my mom said that sounds evil.  assignment on dum flipgrid btw
This is the best video on the topic so far. Great work!
reddit more like r/wallstreetbets
Very informative ❤️👏 Thank you
Do you Hear the People buy Buying the Stocks of greedy man
when you give a communist the power to mes with the market
the power of the nerds
I keep getting unsubbed from you wtf?!
Screw the wolves!
10 MIN
Discord moderators and lifeless Reddit teens bully billionaires.
6:00 gonna stop you right there, it's a pet peeve to me but netflix didn't kill blockbuster, they were just the nail in the coffin, the final straw for blockbuster.
I used that and I was brown in 2012 So
The comfortable great-grandmother formally turn because heart terminally look circa a half vegetable. little, wiry shoulder
Hedge funds: You think you can steal and walk away!?  Reddit: yeah
All Hail RoaringKitty
thats a long ass sentence
this guy is really good at drawing he should make a youtube channel about drawing     (ps if you goddamn r/woooosh my comment i will find you and destroy your pc or phone your on0
Bravo Andrei!!!
You insulted me I am a proud Reddit user
MEMESTOP
i love reddit, they are so wholesome somtmes..
"How r/wallstreetbets ruined a stocks monopoly with a meme"  Fixed your title.
It's good to go back and watch your content again I haven't been able to watched you ever since I've created a new account
I backed them
So, I really don't know much about stocks and all but what will happen if the market crashes?? And can which book should I read to gain knowledge on this topic?
Memes are getting too strong
Apes together strong.
I’m so glad I was apart of this I feel like I achieved something
I am still so very confused
u just cant stop elon
Everyone who shorted gamestop while it was at 400 made huge money.. so if any billionares did that, they still won.
The communist was right The power of the people
how to delete the economy: part 1
The thing that redditors don’t understand is a collapse of the stock market is a collapse of the world
They aren’t greedy they’re just doing business
Well, I still like eating pringles
...
Pewdipie and ksi also helped reddit
Anybody else wanna see how he would animate thatveganteacher lmao
Tesla went bankrupt. Elon paid the bills by with personal debt and fake hard work, to convince government to bail Tesla out. Tesla is a good example of failure, a legal Ponzi scheme and government bail outs.
I think the title was a little bit of a stretch, but fair enough I guess.
*stonks*
The mindless luttuce congruently puncture because freon surprisingly load through a broken chin. handy, spiritual drop
hey andre real question, did you live through the Romanian revolution
I live in Australia and the news is  talking about game stop!
Me: ok imma buy this 10$ share to help GameStop Redditors: We bout'a crash the stock market!
Next we should do the muppets
THIS IS WHAT HAPPENS WHEN U COME UP AGAINST THE GUYS WHO SIT IN THEIR MOM'S BASEMENT AND PLAY COMPUTER GAMES FOR 10 HRS STRAIGHT ON A NATIONAL HOLIDAY.. THIS IS BUT A SHIFT IN POWER..  WE FIRST CHANGED THE LOOK OF SONIC (TWITTER) NOW WE ARE DISMENTALLING BIGGER ESTABLISHMENTS.  BUT THE SAD PART IS, LIKE ROBINHOOD, WE WILL BE THE SAME.
*Shark getting scared when a thousand of piranha start playing in the Sea*  the stock market so volatile nowadays cuz we...the small fish start getting into bigger pond...  Rich wants you to stay poor but hey...   APES TOGETHER STRONK
The billionaires have to realize that the internet is their enemy They’ve seen for themselves if they mess with us, we can go all work together and bust them up
Where are my fellow degenerates.
I love how YouTube isn’t recommending or put it on trending
5:47 I was born in the early 2000s and GameStop was still a big part of my childhood.
No one: GME round 2 squeeze going on right now
We need a common enemy to unite us that's what happened here
Ooooh so GameStop is your us version of ebgames (I’m in Canada)
The economy? You mean giant hedge funds?
Robin hood the legend was actually inspired by stories of a thief. Not the good kind.
"if you go in a bus"  Corona: no
Yeah I was against those Reddit idiots until I watched this video, I was afraid if those dummies kept doing that then I won’t be able to trade anymore! But now this all makes sense
Omg I GET IT NOW THANK YOU! Before I watched this video I kept saying why do this to the hedge funds, what did they do to you? We are all trying to make money on the market and if a stocks going down then ofc any smart person would bet against it, but I didn’t know that made it go down more, and I also didn’t know that they were short selling more shares than there were even available, insane, now it makes sense, but this still makes Reddit basically no better Thant them, they all put money into GameStop stock,  asking it go up, opposite of what the hedge funds were doing, so both are bad in a way, so I guess this will never be fixed? Unless Reddit users never do it again and the hedge funds also never do it again, only to keep eachother in line, but when is the point you tell the other to stop? When there are buying more shares than there are available? Idk I guess you can still make the arrangement that everyone is bad, or good, depending on how you look at it 🤔 but the buying more shares than even available that’s crazy and should be illegal or something like how is that even possible
I got in on the action and got 10$ yea boi
Wait, i can is crash the stonk market?
Some kids in my class Made hundreds on hundreds of dollars from it by the time i made a robin hood to join in on the fun they closed down trading for GameStop I took a huge L but it was nice to see 1/4 people showing me how much profit they had made keep in mind this is a 8th grade class full of 13-14 year olds trading with assistance from their parents it was a great site to see
Can we just say; whoever said "your actions don't matter to anyone but yourself in the end" was straight up wrong. I mean *look*     2022: (*reddit becomes global government*)
"I'll fucking do it again"
"REDDITORS ASSEBLE!"
Gamestonks Gamestonks Gamestonks Gamestonks Gamestonks Gamestonks
I like this
Should we blame this to #EmKay because they make memes r/meme stuff (How 2 find: search r/wholesomeMemes)
Reddit didn’t almost crash the economy, they just almost redistributed a ton of money from the rich to the poor
Reddit beat them at their own game and they change the rules.
"they/them pronouns are confusing" bitch explain the stock market?! like what did i just watch lmfao
i need a 1 hour version of that end screen
Uhhhhhh I did not take part in this. hehe yeah for sure
I like the story but i don't understand well I mean somebody explain it with tons of examples pls.
Hey guys let’s abuse the stock market again
Do it agian
I guess... they get what they fucking deserve?
Reddit crashing the stock market would be a bigger anomaly than anything at the scp foundation.
the greedy Hedge Funds: time to short sell a bunch of Redditors in their underwear: *Do you hear the people sing!!!*
Much good watch another video soon of a booga
Let them crash it I wanna watch the world burn
https://youtu.be/H2ycPXEDNWc
1:12 he turned himself into mike wazowski
Dude! Almost a million views, you educated almost a million people with wrong information! That’s not how short works
At first it sounds all wrong, especially from the title.  Then I actually learn of the background and what happened. Now I don’t know whether or not this was a good thing or a bad thing.  Having only heard of this situation form a single source, and never knowing about it before...I do not have any opinion on this.
I made 5,000 from it
That’s a very skewed explanation of what short selling is. Please don’t spread misinformation
I wish it was the stonks meme
I made $11810 from the squeeze from my initial $850 capital.
Stonks
Why not just attack wallstreet? We're all ready accelerationist let's keep it that way
This is what I call, *stonks*
Everybody’s gangsta until Redditors get wise
Rich people: “Nnnooooo you can’t just crash the stock market!”  Reddit: “Ha ha stock market go CRASSSH”
This made me do one of them evil laughs
The sad thing is that GameStop is still a dying company
Economics class would have been much more interesting if this was one of the stories.
we are all degenerates and weebs
Ah yes, the free market, right lads?   we need to do things like this more often. As a collective it might finally overthrow these ridiculous hedge funds.
I have never heard of this
we should do this more often
Honestly didnt realize gamestop was that old, i was born early 2000’s and gamestop has been the greatest game related place for me
Your animating is amazing!!
A subreddit, not Reddit itself. Reddit is just taking credit of what a only minority of their group did
Reddit should be called Red It                    Wait did i hear Romania
*grabs popcorn*
I look forward to the day when my future kids come home from their high school economics class asking about the great Gamestop Short Squeeze of 2021.
Why would you respect the stock market when the people behind it doesn’t respect anyone!
Aaaaand we're going back up lads
I wish I saw. I would of made lots of money for that rising stock.
Stonks
We do have Gamestop in the UK we just have game
i remember before it fell i had a game stop right in front of my house. i live in Rome btw
I love when a bunch of memers achieves something big
can we like... do this again?
Anybody that can update me on the situation
Me : "buys one stock" Also me: *STONKS*
Glad you talkes about this. Great video and animation
Aussies only know EB GAMES not GameStop?
Me and the boys when we learn how stocks work
Remember. Redditors only used 1%.
We just like the stock...
babe wake up, new Andrei Terbea video just dropped.
Wow, imagine destroying an entire economy because you didn’t like how billionaires were acting. What a bunch of low-life scums.
Hedge fund totally deserves it for being jackasses
GameStop just being like: 🗿
I like to believe that the end of donald trunps jacket are actually his chibi feet
That was a really long sentence
REDDIT FORCE BEST
As in nature, same is here: the big apex only can fall once a disaster begins, the tyrant lizard king couldn’t handle the astroid, but the smaller rodents could.  In otherwords, oh how the turned tides...  This isn’t anywhere near the first, and I feel will be far from the last
Wait a minute if the person robin wood makes rich down he steal from them
I still have a hard time understanding this whole thing
5:07 that is scary._.
that goddamn Pringle man
Late to the party
Hedge Fund managers after seeing their entire fortune burned to the ground by POTATO_IN_ASS
“It’s not about the money it’s about sending message”
That is so cool.
Andrei, de ce l-ai făcut pe Mr.Pringles lângă Mr. Monopoly =)))
DIAMOND HANDS
“Do you admit to manipulating the market? Yes or no.”   Robinhood CEO: “Great question. When I was a boy in Bulgaria-“
This was actual blatantly irresponsible misinformation. What a fucking waste of oxygen.
To sum it up, the rich got greedy an tried to take people's money and reddit said "no u"
Lee is the only reason I don’t need it for a minute and orange I just got to a point where I was going on the phone and brown on the back and I was like I don’t have any other time to go back to work I just wanna wanna and brown and I don’t know where to the left yet so I’m not sure if you know what if you have any questions or any other people who don’t know where I am I’m just gonna be there for you I just got to a point and orange I don’t need any help I just wanna be like I don’t know where you I think I just wanna be a good person I’m just a lot better I just wanna wanna and orange green green yellow yellow orange yellow yellow brown green yellow green orange yellow green yellow orange green yellow green green orange yellow green orange orange yellow yellow green green orange yellow yellow orange green green yellow green green orange yellow yellow orange green yellow green orange green green orange yellow yellow orange green yellow green orange yellow yellow orange green yellow green green orange yellow green orange yellow yellow orange green yellow green green orange yellow green green brown green green orange yellow green green yellow green green orange yellow green orange yellow yellow orange green yellow green orange green yellow yellow orange yellow yellow orange green yellow green green orange yellow green yellow green green orange 🍊 orange 🍊 brown brown yellow green green orange yellow green green brown yellow green green orange yellow green
Only came here to say this: it's not over yet. 🚀🚀🚀🚀
*POV- the year is 2148 kids are watching this in 8th grade history to learn about the 2021 Stock market crash*
Website full of communist trying to crash the economy... *who would guess that*
"Game stop?" More like "Game" Brit-tsh
GME TO THE MOON!!!    Just kidding
*Thug Life*
*I still don’t understand stocks*
on the words of my man Alan Schaefer, i repeat  *IF IT BLEEDS WE CAN KILL IT*
We not done yet 😈
When the world needed him the most:
It wasn't that bad.
I know it takes a while to make these videos but your kind of late on this ( still loved the video )
Ok...
Român, pe bune?
so are we all expecting a follow up video in a few months or is it just me?
Nice nice nice... Reddit make it happen
Wait wut, I didn't have a clue that this was happening, mainly because we don't have gamestop where I live: America, Wait wait, not that America, I mean South America
I love your videos please keep making as often and as conveniently possible for you 😁
Thank God this man made a video about this whole Gamestop situation because I needed answers and I got em🙏
Bro mr pringles mustashe
Reddit be like: _"What Stock Market crash?"_
This just proves that we could work together and take over the world, but only if it's for a meme
I hate reddit and gamestop lol
auzi unde stai ?
This is trolling at its finest🤣🤣🤣
Dose your duck hate us
What about Toys “R” Us
I was born in the early 2000s and I grew up with gamestop, early 90s don't know bout that
Not really destroy, just a slight ouch
This is one meme. This means with multiple we can easily take over the world.
Andrei: "I don't have many viewers in America" The 5yr old's from America about to call him out: 😎
Shoulda referenced the god DFV lol
This dude : is talking big finance  Me, a teen with a mouthful of pizza: sooo..... *WHERE STONKS*
Who would win.  A multi million dollar corporation or...  A reddit
i love the fact that this was completely legal
*STONKS*
@westjett
Oh boy is this badly explained. Short selling a stock is like putting bricks on it? What are you talking about? Short selling is just betting on stocks falling. If you wanna do what hedge funds do, you must first short sell the stocks, and *then* try do drive the price down by some other means to make a profit.
u/DeepFuckingValue is the ultimate legend.
How can you put a video like this together and not mention The Man, The Myth, The LEGEND u/DeepFUCKINGValue???
You changed the clickbait
we all forget that memetics is an actual tool
Not me getting ads for investments on this video
Look if 1% of reddit put games to up with the big companies imagine what would happen in 100 percent of reddit joined in gamestock would be richest company in the universe
I read something on Twitter that perfectly describes how I feel: "I don't understand anything about the stock market but I sure do love seeing billionaires cry"
We didn't almost crash the economy. That's bs. We almost crashed a heged fund. Something that actually HELPS the economy. If you don't know what your saying don't say it
Reddit is just albino Olimar from Pikmin
Romania? Eeeee,hai salut. Nu stiam ca si la noi au vorbit despre asta.
Bruh, wtf youtube turned off notifications, I just saw this video. My bell was on, but when I checked today it was off, Wtf.
I'm honestly angry that you're late 😭 and no apologies
Didn't know GameStop plays Monopoly with the economy.
Yeah... this whole thing was stupid crazy and i managed to make ~3000 us dollars from it (~2480euro) as i said its stupid crazy and there are people who made even more than me but by people making money there is currently people that are having a hard time recovering from their losses.
STONKS
I dont even know what reddit is -Flip
We do a little trolling
eat the rich
aaaah yes reddit taking fat shit
Me* Elon increased the price by a tweet 🤣
Robinhood be robbing the hood
Well comrades we did it
Hi fellow romanian speaker :D
Reddit moment
Ah yes, Monopoly man and Pringles man. The giants of the stock market.
The creator of robinhood is Bulgarian and i am Bulgarian as well
The true madman behind this was Steam after popularizing online game purchases.
Honestly before the whole situation I barely knew shit about the stock market but it was definitely one of those crazy internet things I just *know* are gonna change things in the future somehow
All GameStop shops in Denmark closed half a year ago 😞
“Here’s how all of this happened:” *ad plays*
This whole dabacle shows how unfair the stock market is...
in Romania do you like does Serbish dudes.       (because i am one)
Mr.p from pringles 🤣🤣 2:18
Damn.
robinhood, more like robbing the hood
I got a economy advert before watching this
🎈 Happy Birthday 🎈
Then there's me who didn't understand anything while all of em redditors were memeing about it on r/memes
The zany expansion compatibly learn because gasoline intringuingly hand a a unequaled toast. protective, stale floor
Why the hell just now I started hearing your accent. Before that your accent seemed to me like american. What is this sorcery
2:16 Is it just me or does that brown mustache man look like the pringles logo?
reddi
Andre: I'm sure you've heard of the stalk market Me: **Animal crossing turnip flashbacks**
damn finally someone who actually explained this good
I missed that glorious goos
Finely u uploaded
S T O N K S
Half of reddit that did nothing: *We crashed the economy*
You forgot the guy who went 750,000 dollars in dept due to short stocks and robinhood and killed himself
U changed the thumbnail
1:04 and this is how it all started :- ad
I thought this was gonna be about how they give you a peanut for 15 games
Ironically enough i got an e-toro ad on this video
Yes. I do indeed live under a rock. This video makes it clear.     WHERE WAS I DURING THIS WHOLE SITUATION?
redditors have gone MAD-
Except it wasn’t a battle between Reddit users and Wall Street. It was a battle between Wall Street and Wall Street. With innocent retail investors by and large holding the bag. It was an honest short squeeze. Evidence is arising that many of the posts in Wall Street bets were actually hedge fund members or bots representing hedge funds. https://www.cnbc.com/2021/02/05/gamestop-mania-may-not-have-been-the-retail-trader-rebellion-it-was-perceived-to-be-data-shows.html
Considering that just a bunch of Redditors alone managed to do such an insane feat alone, I think we could drive EA bankrupt without the help of any hedge fund
Stop spamming adds in your videos ireally like your videos but i am 5mins into the vid and i have senn 5 adds. this video is 10:19 just so you can dump 10 adds
I got three words for all the little guy and girls. TO THE F**KING MOON!!!
Wallstreetbets is just a 4chan colony at this point
lol stop blaming on the retail investors. it was the fking greedy hedge fund who shorted more than 100%. it was inevitable.
Does he not know that up until like 2016 everyone still went to GameStop
Ahhhh, Reddit un loc plin de oameni care nu au ce face cu viata si posteaza numai meme-uri stupide si alte lucruri.
Is it bad I still don’t know what happened with GameStop?
the real title is how reddit make the rich even richer with a meme
Salut! Ai putea face un video , cât de lung vrei tu, în care vorbești în română?
Me and the boys control the economy
r/memes made fun of billionaires and it was funny
Robinhood is made by a bulgarian I know that bc I'm one and we are idiots
your title is very flawed
We make the memes we make to dum dum stuff
I’m all for this whole “getting back at the greedy billionaires” scheme, but it kind of disgusted me when I saw people making jokes about people who had actually offed themselves due to the major losses from this short squeeze
how could pringles do this to us
*STONKS*
Still thinking about the Wolf of Wallstreet but with Reddit-  The amount of money I’d pay to see it is unmatched.
This is far from over. It has barely started. You are about to witness the biggest short squeeze of all time.
obviously the creator of the robinhood app is evil his name is VLAD we sure he isn't a vampire?
Da.
Andrei be so late
I dread to think what his cpm is for this vid
Here in Norway, almost no one knows anything about it. I am however, holding and buying
I forgot your name and searched "Bald animation man" and found you 🤣🤣🤣
pringle guy and monopoly man....
A bunch of idiots making money wow so new Poanta îi veche prostu îi nou
I like the sweet taste of vengeance in the air, it’s delicious.
Reddit the Robinhood
GameStop is my childhood
Not me i never hear this
One day redditors will break the world
It's like raiding area 51 except its stock and it actually worked.
You wanna be greedy? Be prepared to get what you deserve man, cause when the people get mad, they get mad
It's glorious how Robinhood sunk to to a 1.0 rating on the Play Store. For a while there were so many 1-stars that the ratings bars for 2-5 stars weren't filled at all (there weren't enough to be shown). Google has removed many ratings, but it's still only at 1.5 and Google has said the other reviews are legitimate.
Reddit: Wanna hear a joke? Millionaires: Sure Reddit: Money Millionaires: I don't get it Reddit: Exactly
Why did the thumbnail change Andrei?
This video is *stonks*
Sharum u here
Andrei, are you planning on making a video about the Dream and John Swan controversy?
How less than 100 random people crashed. Redditors didnt do shi
for some reason i feel super smart for barely knowing what happened in the stock all i know is short sell lose money
Da da mai taie din ele da-le ...
This reminds me of the South Sea Bubble
all of this happens because someone do this for the memes
Wait, this isnt free bobuks
I don't watch anything IRL economy related and I watch a lot of a game called hypixel skyblock I clicked on this video thinking that this video was about hypixel skyblock's economy lmao
Still don’t understand what short selling means
Me waiting for the Carson video
Yeah I did take part, now I'm bloody loaded 😂🤣
Lmao i was searching your channel because i forgot about you and i want to look back but can't bcs your name is a bit hard to remember
Monke
Game theory did a video on this and now I'm interested
I really dont get economy, I feel like I should know this
APES TOGETHER STRONG!
I like how a few people actually did anything yet the whole fucking internet acts like they did something
Reddit users strong together
Oof.
pog
Your animation is good! But your information is flawed. Im sorry for being a hater!
Crash bitcoin so we can buy graphics cards
return to monke
Bro we dont even have game stop here in romania.
The tame lead commercially bow because barber biosynthetically guard amongst a earthy utensil. sparkling, clammy donald
Cover the John swan drama. This is really well made have a good day
Animated the Pringles mascot wrong they got rid of the hair now😭
Power of friendship
The Great Depression 2.0
Wait you are romanian omg
Ah yes. Reddit is on a roll
Ah yes. Reddit is on a roll
It wasn't really "coordinated" in order to market manipulate but more like "hei guys this looks stonks" _"uhm yes very stonks"_ and the rest is history
It's not over!
When a bunch of redditors can destroy your entire career:
Oh my god the Elon image is cursed
Paid my student debt with gme lmao
Robinhood literally butchered its namesake
5:05 dont mind me just using this comment
Big braen
" Hes back. HEEESSS BAACCK
To be honest, i kinda just bought 3 stocks without knowing about this, made like a 400$ profit tho.
Monke strong together
*The RobinHood betrayal*
I can’t wait for this shit to be put into a history book and studied
That thumbnail though 👌
Apes together strong
Cool Video ! Aniway i am from ROMANIA TOO 🇹🇩   YEAH basicaly manipulation in our society guys !
You haven't looked into this properly
And this what happened... add pop up  Me: =_= bruh
When Andrei teaches u a hard concept in short for free which u didn't understand by paying money to the school
Why is the pringles guy playing monopoly with a hairy catterpillar on his mouth
Great video. Very entertaining and clear.
good content dude... my first vid from your channel and you already have my subsciption    I am a fellow Redditor ;)
The fact everybody says "I'm not a financial advisor" shows how scared everybody is of being sued over all of this.
I came to the knowledge of this because one thursday I couldn't sleep and browsed reddit in incognito mode.
What about round2
i love game stop
Bru 😂 game stop is all over the world ... Europ .... America even canada 😂
We arent even done yet that small squeeze was literally fucking nothing.
I WAS WAITING FOR ANDREI'S VIDEO ON THIS FOR SO LONG AYYYYYYYY
Romania 🇷🇴🇷🇴🇷🇴🇷🇴🇷🇴🇷🇴🇷🇴
only racist people are allowed to like this
Weird thing is I didn't no about this ok
Imi place mult stilul tau de a anima
In the short term, the stock market is a voting machine. In the long term, the stock market is a weighing machine. -Benjamin Graham
There are gamestops in Germany
I don't live in the us but we do have GameStop's where I live,
Epic gamer moment
I’m not getting notifications for your videos....... thought you should know and I’ve got notifications on btw.
Lol i got a hedge fund ad on this video
Yay finally a new upload
Au Au buy stonks Apes together strong 💪
Hedge funds: "Why do I hear boss music?"
This is the clone wars all over again
🚀
📉📈📉📈📉📈📉📈📉📈📉📈📉📈📉📈📉📈
Billionaires when they lose all of their money to u/IHaveABadCaseOfDiarrhea2007
As much as it a fun, never crash the economy. Remember the great depression? Happened because of something somewhat similar. Do you and an unemployment rate of *30%*? Mass poverty? Yeah, it's not that great of an outcome.
Finally, I understand this Gamestop situation! Appreciate it, Andrei
Thanks to this vid, i finally understood the concept of stock market at least a bit better
Romania?
STONKS
Ah, I love watching big companies burn to the ground and go bankrupt. (But not ToysRus)
Those reddit users: hehe boi
I love how the new generation are literally changing every industry by just using Internet.
Andreiiii, you're back! 🤩
very nice and informative!
Stonks
And we’ll do it again with AMC too!
Men group: ey yo this andrei guy knows too much, cut his youtube ad money and ban him
3:19 Why is there only 6 on the dice?
Bună din România
gamestop stock stop at the top
“You said the 90 million shares they LENT out now had to be bought back at 70$. “They did not lent the shares, they borrowed the shares, then sold it on the market hoping to buy it back cheaper to return it.
noooooooooooooooooooooo you cant just crash wall street haha stonks go brr
Dude great video. The explanation is clear and engaging 💯💯💯
Fucking hell man I lost big bucks due to these shit redditers
Is Romania a Balkan country, you live in Romania so I think you should know
I am proud to be a redditor
Foarte fain
Hedge funds: manipulates the stock market  Redditors: do the same Hedge funds: you weren’t supposed to do that  Edit:  Thanks everyone who liked my comment! Edit 2: Thank you all so much for 1k, I’ve never got this many comments before!
herobrine andrei doesn’t exist he can’t hurt you herobrine andrei 0:05
The comments are just redditors pretending they’re not redditors
"For any child born in the late 80s to early 90s..." Dude what, I was born in the 2000s and it has always been the video game store that you get to go to once or twice a year after convincing your parents
I saw it as justice. I literally hated how billionaires manipulated the stock market and it wasn't fair at all and how robinhood's slogan was a joke and sided with billionaires. This was us fighting back and yes I took part in it.
After this video I still don’t get how investments work lmao 😆
And still, i have no idea what's going on.
Reddit is on a different level,
I didnt hear no bell.... we aint done yet.
Yeah, not surprised it's reddit
I got 16 free shares out of this whole debacle and I’m just waiting to go to the moon.
I live in 🇮🇪 and we have  game stop+
First gamestop next blockbuster
Something tells me the people who said you should trade meant like 6 or 7 people at a time.
"seems like GameStop shares have returned to a normal level" GME 2 days later from 40 to 100$
If you invest you think that company is going to give you more money when it grows if it is a dying company that won’t work
This is pretty much the "Ape together strong" meme.
i forgot this happened......
Who would win: billionaires or the entirely of Reddit
You are late bruv 😂
Thnx thnx thnx for making a video I'm soo freaking grateful
lol
2:29 did you just put monopoly grandpa and pringles grandpa together there?
Honestly I think this is one of the biggest leaps forward for democracy ever. This is the first time that a group effort has ever gotten into a direct conflict like this and won. While public actions have caused change in the past, it was always on someone elses terms. Even things like the American revolution were guided by other sources and things like the Civil Rights movement was a primarily social change, with some legal aspects. (ie : convince people of X. so the law becomes Y) This however is an example where on the field, even when the enemy had a massive homefield advantage and manipulative power, people themselves were able to create change, and best of all? It could have been completely, anonymous. Every single person who participated in shitting on wallstreet could have their personal identity completely unknown because you can make burner reddit accounts. If this sort of thing is kept up and becomes a trend, we may actually start seeing corporations, governments, etc start going out of there way to not piss off the public because they would know that the public bites back. To address the inevitable anarchist replier, no, I am not saying get rid of governments like this, I am saying punish them like this. Without some form of government society just doesn't work, but a government doesn't NEED all of the powers it has, and it shouldn't be able to control the people if they don't want it to be able to on a large scale. Governments and corporations are, if we are being honest, virtually the same thing, they are just done in different ways, so if you organized a few dozen million people to just, not pay taxes for a year, there isn't much any government could do since, while they can in theory print money, that just causes inflation, it doesn't solve the problem. Once again, this is not going to be some perfect direct democracy or anything, but it may be the start of a world were governments are actually threatened by the people, and not vise versa.
Well to be honest the question of the title never gets answered but it gives a good overview of what goes on. But the short squeeze hasn’t happened yet.
never underestimate the people on Reddit
2:17 the pringles man
"Eat the rich" Okay "No no, not like THAT!"
I am a Romanian to yooo
Most of the rich: invest in stocks to make money People: ok Most of the rich: wait a second
They can do this but they can’t get girlfriends
Have you really tryed to explain this matter with out mentioning roaring kitty?? Really?
So let me get this straight:  Some people tried to take down some corrupt people who tried to get more money from an old company, but the one who gave them his blessing has changed his mind
Reggie has executed his GameStop trick
So annoyed, I love your videos and this one didn’t appear in my recommended for like 3 days, Youtube is wonk man
Hey look at Roblox stocks it’s coming up soon.
Should have crashes the economy
If you watched this with no audio, it would look like Monopoly man and Pringles mascot owning a bunch of companies and getting stopped by Reddit.  Basically the Gamestop situation but with Monopoly man and Pingles mascot.
Imagine the history books in 2030
I didn't knew this before i thought it just a meme thingi cause im from asia so yeah i never heard of GameStop and these things
so who really win tell me?
Legends
Did you know? The reddit logo has a name! It’s called Snew. The name comes from the original name for reddit that they couldn’t use which was snoo, an abbreviation for “what’s new?”
i have a question...what happens when a hedge fund goes bankrupt? like what the damage?
I had no idea what was happening
Netflix didn't run block buster outta business.
😎 (this happened long ago, last month, still history)
Together Monke happy noises
Everybody gangsta until there's a season 2
Real apes bought it at 300-400$ range
Shortselling doesnt push the price down bro, it doesnt affect stock price, for real. Theres a fundamental mistake in your video
Crash or exposed
Your video is educational
Now buy OTGLY stock  (Wait is anyone even shorting it?)
Jordan Belfort ,but he is a gamer
Rediters together strong
Reject Humanity, Return to M O N K E
good video but Reddit didn't almost crash the economy that's just hat the big corporations said to try and scare people into not making them lose money again
take robin hood down traitors
You live in romania??????????
Diamond hands boys let’s gooooooo
stonks
S t o n k s
Never heard that befor this video
#Reddit_best
As a redditor myself it’s absolute madness
People don't realise that they could literally destroy anyone if they coordinate effort
TOO THE MOOOOOOOOOOON
As someone who has no clue abt the stick market, your video helped me learn a lot 😳😳😳
Everyone gangsta until a bunch of reditors almost crash the economy
a single ant is dumb millions of ants can overpower many humans if they are together
that was THE most insane of 2021
westjett???
It got renamed in Australia it’s called eb games
In conclusion: apes together strong
I can't believe he didn't talk about DeepF*ckingValue's role in this!!!
Guys I just remembered Reggie from nintendo works at *GAMESTOP!!!*
wat
"We can stay retarded longer than you can remain solvent" - A degenerate on WallStreet Bets
its going up again
Ayo i can cheers to degenerates crashing the economy
Reddit took down Hedge Fund people YouTube commenters haven't really done nothing that big TikTokers did Coronavirus Challenge There is a very clear hierarchy
As Hunk would say The Gulra grow stronger with every planet they conquer, but are weakened by every person who decides to fight back. Help the little guy.
All I have to say is...EAT THE RICH🤑🤑🤑🤑
Socialists say the stock market is rig and capitalism is bad
It’s not a meme they try to break the rules
Its coming back. GME TO THE MOOOOOON
POV: your in America watching this
Honestly the fact that the market almost crashed because reddit took advantage of billionares being overly greedy and control hungry kinda shows how the market itself is put together:  A wet sandcastle held together with spit & string. If the little guy crashes the market because the big guy got greedy, I'd say let them.
U fell off, u can quit youtube now.
I just remembered this thing that I learned from a class: class consciousness will spark the revolution / collective action against the ruling class (eg rich people, imperialists, fascists leaders). And this is an example of that statement. These 1% are manipulating the market, media, or superstructure to maintain the status quo, to maintain the economic base. But once the people become aware and educated of how we are fooled by the elites, the call for cultural revolution will start and as the superstructure changes, so is the economic base.
Wait Australia has Gamestop? I've literally never seen a single Gamestop in this country, and I live here
*stonks?*
Water bat soup
reminds me of after the black death when peasants learned their labor is actually extremely valuable to those in power and if they worked together they can get better living conditions from their local lords and employers
2:16 can we get a rip for Mr.Pringle's hair? The new logo did him dirty
I learned that people with mustaches are evil and greedy
lets do it again
alternate title: reddit does something good for once
EAT THE RICH !!!!!!
lmao i still dunno how stocks work but this sounds epic.
"You can't stop innovation"  You also can't stop Elon Musk
Eat the rich
Before 600k
That's a kind of historic moment for our plutocracy of a world we live in...
Stonks
Stick it to the man
dirty capitalists
Man... Those diamond hands in the thumbnail looks good!
That was an interesting video and introduced me to the world of Stock Market;Keep up the good work Andrie, but mostly Wilfur👍😎
I was so confused about the whole situation but now I'm realizing just how iconic this all is
Reddit didn't almost crash the stock market they said that to try to stop people from keeping there stolks
ive heard like nothing about this
Not to sound like the Debbie downer, but I already miss the days of 1R0NYMAN, analfarmer02 and of course, the legend himself, ControlTheNarrative.
They told us for years to "just invest, you'll get rich easily," and then when we did, suddenly the rich are all shitting their pants. IIIIINTERESTING.
This really wasn't a story of "the little guy showing it to the greedy bastard!" Like are we not going to talk about the countless people that lost their savings because Wall Street Bets would delete posts that would advise for caution? Or how only a handful of people actually made money from this?  The whole Robinhood issue with them blocking people from buying stocks is another story as well. They don't have access to all the stocks (if I'm not mistaken, correct me if I'm wrong), and they can't sell stocks they don't have access to. It's a more complicated story, and it's not just "reddit guys fucking over rich people" Don't get me wrong, I love seeing huge hedge funds going down as much as the other guy and seeing billionaires losing their money is also fun, but it's less fun when you have regular people losing their life savings and retirement plans over this, so I honestly think you should've added more nuance to the story.
The power of memes
Oh just the internet being trolls and bankrupting people causing billions of damage and almost crashing the stock market...just a normal Tuesday XD
they should have crashed the stock market
Truly.. *Reddit at it's finest*
hoomen together big stornk hoomen alone big weak
Damn reddit,back at it eh
I love pringles
oh shit, your drawing style is awesome
Me: no that's not  "Gamestop" thats EB Games for me.
That Reddit avatar I have the same design
Them stonks be fighting man, they be fighting.......
What do you mean by almost...it's far from over!  D I A M O N D H A N D S
Reddit is gonna cause the 2nd great depression
Reddit is too much 😂
Dear Institutions, short-squeeze these nuts.
I took part in it and it was amazing
When I heard about this I did a sort of maniacal laugh that I didn't know I could male
lmaoo this is really old news i remember watching a documentary on this like half a year ago
Keeping the 💎🙌🙌💎
gold
Reddit Only Used 1% Of Its Power.
Billionaires: **Kill gamestop stocks** Reddit: **Destorys Billionaires** Reddit: gonna cry
Ima gonna crash the frickin’ stock market and steal everyone’s money! AGAGAGAGAGAGAGAGAG-
ahh vlad tenev go to the nort from bulgaria to romania and becom vlad tepes
Well the end aged sort of badly? Kinda? The GME are up once again!
5:47 For anyone wondering, GameStop is indeed in other countries in europe. We here in germany have multiple.
You’re also forgetting that many people on Wall Street bets believed that the GME stock wasn’t actually failing and would be better due to some math and numbers I don’t understand.
Truly disgusting, that some "Fat cats" could do such a thing
i dont know why but every single ad i got on this one video was about stock trading...
2:16 y r the monopoly and pringles men playing a game of monopoly with dice that only have the number 6 on them? every turn is going to jail and then the next turn is getting free from jail cuz they got a double, and then getting 4 other doubles, leaving them in jail every time they aren't mid-turn
for me this video about the stock market and how some made game stoooop to blow up is fun but there some issues ( my opinion as a stock market investor over 26 years in it )
Barely heard about it ^^
Lmao based incel redditors crashed the market and now the jews are angry
The fact is reddit didn't do most of the work. It was actually other hedge funds that saw what reddit were trying to do and boosted it  There was no way the reddit could have done it by themselves. So giving all the credit to reddit isnt correct. They came up with the idea but other hedge funds executed it.
Isn't it funny how the rich people were screwing us over and then when we fight back they go around crying. Oh boo hoo lmao.
Do you consider romania  Part of the balkans?
I KNOW RIGHT?! Gamestop is trending in ROMANIA and I don't believe that there's even any GameStop at all in any city of Romania.
What’s the next thing to invest jn
What's funny and curious was the media trying to spin the reddit holders as being anti-semitic, since most of the corrupt hedge fund short sellers just "happen to be blueish".
i  love gamestop they give me  my fnaf  action figure collection gamestop shall return
We like the stock.
Even this oversimplification was too complicated for me
Hedge fund to homeless fund
A wise man once said: "How do you feel about the socioeconomic climate in America?" "I think hamburgers and cheeseburgers work well with fries."
Not even joking I got a hedge maintenance ad right before this The hedge funds are coming for meee 😱😂
I still don’t understand the stock market even after this video
I love how he made Pringles chewing
Romania gang
i already knew about this because of game theroy
dude we have game stop here in the UK brah
See what does capitalism do?
I wouldn’t say crashed :/
My thoughts? I have no though just a phrase. “Diamond hands.”
Amazing video❤️❤️
I live in iran and our stock market is basically this but every single one and every tin
Wish the market did crash
Pi invitation code: dweepx
Just a normal Tuesday on Reddit
Andrei esti cel mai tare
Level 1: Sharing *Reddit Memes* Level 999: Breaking economy with *Reddit Memes*
It’s crazy how much history is happening recently. Between the global pandemic, this major change of how the stock market was run for decades, all of what happened in 2020. I’m excited to see how all this will be remembered in the coming years.
Imagine this going into the history textbooks maybe 5-6 decades later. Also, this reminds me of the time when all the people in France came together and destroyed Bastille.
Love how Karma did a uno reserve card on the greedy billionaires
*r/wallstreetbets for the past 5 years: OOGA BOOGA ME GAMBLE MONEY AND GO BANKRUPT* *r/wallstreetbets now:yea guys we totally took down those wallstreet guys, now we can safely eat crayons and go bankrupt again!!!!!!!!!! wooooooooooooooo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!*
STONKS
this is why i love capitalism. In a capitalist society, its the events like these that we should celebrate. Not only does it point out the corruption that should be fixed, but it proved that we do not need a socialist society for people of any sort to prosper. Knowledge is power and i would love to see another event like this unfold.
Steal from the rich, give to the poor. Communism in one sentence.
Apparently I’m the only American
I saw this on game theory
Andrei my man stop posting boring shut lit like this and post celebrities are getting canceled
Most people trading this squeeze are first time traders who haven't bothered to do any research at all and just trade this because it's a trend. They also think that what Robinhood did was somehow some demonic thing that was apparently bad despite them not knowing anything about trading stocks at all. With the absolute insane volatility of gamestop, with it fluctuating 20 percent in a matter of seconds, people could lose a lot of their money because they're first time traders who don't know anything. Shutting down trading of GME was the right thing to do.
i used 10 dollars for gamestop and got 70 dollars back :)
I'm 16 and this is how I'm understanding stocks. Thanks Andrei.
God that outro song still slaps
What if, all Reddit users go after Disney next? We need to buy out their shelved pilots.
Don't know why but every time you upload it doesn't shown up in my feed but I'm still subbed
Redditors: Fine I'll do it myself
Snacks daily
Fat people in their underwear*
poor people who bought a lot and sold too late... They were fooled
You also forgot how google removed over 100,000 bad reviews on robinhood after this
i live in america
Do a video on CRYPTO CURRENCY, about how it can change the world, and solve worldwide POVERTY!
the Reddit users didn't steal, they just won the game by playing by the rules.  Wallstreet investment firms, hedge funds, and government regulators legitimately stole money from US citizens.  there will be hell to pay, even if not in this life.
what even happened
We (almost) did it reddit
never felt so powerful
People don’t realize how much effort this man puts he deserves more than he has
Bro your mic
pog
Hopefully internet historian does a video on this
Me who understood nothing : mmm interesting
never crashed the economy
Guys let's invest on nokia stonks
For the Brits game stop is the equivalent of game
How did the community did it? By the power of friendship
Reject poor, become rich
Dam I'm gonna tell my son 1 day that I I almost ended the world
The best part is hearing a bunch of rich people cry like literal babies
Add a public comment...
And this was just less than 1% of Reddit’s power...
That's crazy
Dam
Nobody: Reddit Most likely: We’re doing a sequel
I think that in a few weeks, it will be okay to stop investing in GameStop. If you take a look at the data, it has gone on an upward trend, months before this whole scandal. In a few weeks, most of the short stocks would have expired and they probably would have learned their lesson. However, if this happens again, we’ll have to do it again.
Thumbnail change(the hands)
robinhood: let the people trade people: *trades* robinhood: no, this is not how you play the game!
Pringels got me munching
just got 10000 dloars from the gamestops thingy
Me, a random east europien who just woke up: * confused drunk bulgarian noises *
The Squeeze has not yet Squozed
ooooo u changed da artstyle nice
Robinhood said we robbin tha hood today 😩
I don't see how the stock market people really have a leg on being upset with what happened. This is literally what they have been doing for years, sure there is a bit of a balance to it that common people can completely f*** up, but is it too terrible given what has happened in the past with these hedge fund people?
im so tired of living through historical events every other week
gamestop exist in europe also. wtf xD
i finally understand this
Andrei, I believe you’re pushing some misinformation here, be it because animation takes a long time, and by the time you made this video you couldn’t really change the script, there are several things that are wrong here, first is that hedge funds actually largely made money, it was only a few hedge funds that lost large amounts, second its that Robin Hood only stopped people from trading gme because said people were trading on borrowed money, I do have to say, I’m against hedge funds, but you are either misinformed or pushing misinformation
Only ONE PERCENT of reddit did this. Reddit is almost as powerful as shaggy
YaY.
The actual definition of the phrase "apes together strong."
best outro ever lol
Monke together strong
🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸🐸
Me who didn't understand any of this: sO iT's JuSt LiKe BaZzAr FlIpInG iN SkYbLoCk
Why are people surprised that us, the people, control the economy? If we decide to not buy any Apple product, Apple will go bankrupt. same with stock market. What really irritates me the most, is when this happened, those "rich" people started going out saying what we are doing is manipulating the stock market, it might be in their definition, what I see is a bunch of people who wanted to rescue their childhood beloved company, and by that they shook these capitalist people and showed them that we control the economy, not them. thats why they got scared
Sorry I dont understand economy can somebody translate this?
Diamond Hands!
How he animated The Pringle guy made me laugh so hard
More restrictions on regular people trading stocks
I didn’t know this started on Reddit
I tried to get in on the AMC and NOK squeezes that were being planned, however due to most major brokers locking up the ability to buy, that ended up killing those two squeezes
Late 80s and 90s huh well in 2015 my mom would take me to game stop to buy games and other things like controllers and stuff it’s great
I live in the  US and there's still a bunch if gamestop's near me lol
Reddit is legendary
thats not exactly it. Short selling is like betting againsta company es but if you bet against a NBA team in a game, that doesnt change at all the chances of that team. What a lot of those billionaire hedge fuds do ( not all of them theres a lot of legit honest hedge funds but those dont tend to be as rich ) is garanteeing that the prices go down. They hire journalist to make the companies bad on the media, they hire financial analysts to falsely especulate that the prices of the company are going down so that investors will take their money out of the company. They even do mafia like stuff, like threatning people.
1% of Reddit: *gets rid of wallstreet* Everyone else on Reddit: WE got rid of wallstreet
I hope they go after Disney next
I hate reddit and this situation. Market manipulation. And i saw a trans "person" earn money on this. I hate this trend.
În romania nu exista Game Stop dar tot se da la pro tv
Good times good times
Another short squeeze on the way. Went from $40 to $90 on Thursday. Friday it reached a high of $145.   I'm still holding
"The hedge funds say we should sell the stocks, or we will lose money. But money is not the reason we are buying these stocks. We want to teach them a lesson. When i smash the window of those corrupt companies with a brick, i don't need the brick back"
Hey! Reddit here!
Waw
Grrn
Rrd
Stonks everybody stonks
Hey I have an Idea, lest short buy every company invloved in this tomfuckery and see what happens. Worst outcome, Robinhood crashes :)
Elon isn't innovation. Elon is dumb useless ideas from 200 years ago
2: 30 monoply vs Pringles '
I think you should make a video about the david dobrik controversy
That’s not how short-selling works...
This channel dieing
my grandpa works at robinhood
meet Kevin he talks about stonks and stimulus
Not the economy. Just hadge funds.
Everybody be mocking Redditors till they start crashing the stock market
I'm a user on Reddit and now totally understood the topic. Thanks Andrei
Let's not even pretend it was reddit, it was just WallStreetBets.
I just like the stock. GME to the moon baby 🚀🚀🚀
Greedy people got screwed and cried about getting screwed
I ducking love your channel
awesome video man, this was really insightful and easy to understand :3
:') Reddit made me proud of how the comunity do a giant "no u" to rich
Your knowledge in stock market is more advance than mine sir. So... I really can not understand what you are teaching. 😁
Nice video bosule
Man your late now you wont get allot views
Imagine making a video about the GameStop short squeeze without including u/deepfuckingvalue. Diamond hands for life💎🙌
reddit did more to eat the rich in a week than any radical leftist signing petitions for 5 years
This......this is sooooo late to the party, my god.
Why didn't youtube recommend me this awesome vid..
Not gunna lie it makes me so happy that the big guys got a taste of there own medicine
The 2021 Reddit Meme stock crash!
Hello Andrei ! In which city do you live????
Cmon boys, we gotta save AMC next
There is a webseries called scam about stock market getting very famous in India 😳
This video takes a very one-sided view IMO.
Minor detail, but shorting a stock is not LENDING out a stock. It's BORROWING it from someone else, selling it immediately, buying it back later for hopefully a lower price and returning it to the lender with some amount of interest.
AND ITS BACK ON THE MOVE BAYBEEEE
Trăiască România
romania haide cu sarmale :)
I wish I had taken part in it, seen some reddit users with like 13M in their accounts and still holding...
Hey andrei make a video about maxmilianmus you can easily milk the views because his fans gonna put a hate comment on your channel and watch your video and give your views like max himself replying to Critical😂
You should've use a sketchy bear for the hehe funds instead
huh, i didn't know you lived in my home country
My bran cells cannot handle this (brain gruuuu)
memes are overpowered
Guys remember when sonic fans caused an economic inflation so big that it crashed the stock market?? Search sonic inflation if you don't.
People think that expeciqlly redditors are mostly dumb people who can't acomplish anything in their lives. We can, we just dont want to
Lets destroy the billionaires, cut their hearts and eat it
The entire stock market needs to be torn down anyway, if those rich suckers want more money they should go and work for it like everyone else has to!
Like who was gme shares
Late
. 　。　　　　•　 　ﾟ　　。 　　.　　　.　　　 　　.　 。　　 。　. 　.　　 。　 ඞ 。　 . • • .　 。　. 　 　　。　　　　　　ﾟ　 　　.　　　　　. ,　　　　.　 .　　 . 。
When the people come together, they can do a lot of damage. Wonder when reddit is gonna crack down on this in the mass censorship campaigns going on?
It's not about the money, it's about sending a message.
4:24 1000 times crazier then doing drugs and other illegal things is maybe not possible
This gives me hope in humanity
Yep i dont live in america i live in africa
Never have I been so proud to be a virgin.
I just love the cute lil Duck
It’s not the stock market it’s the stark market get that reference SNL
9:17 - GME just jumped back to ~$100 as I post this comment haha. What a crazy time we live in.
Ur the best animated topic talker
And yet I thought this was all twitter
i can always count on andrea terbea to catch me up
Make a video of the vegan teacher
I remember someone said that the redittors were targeting Jewish trsutfunds out of racist etc, but in reality they just tried to make money off gamestop
Thank you. I understand it a little better now
Well humanity... we’ve tried, but we’ve peaked.
Proud to be a redditor :-)
2020: I'm part of history and I don't like it. 2021: I'M PART OF MF'IN' HISTORY AND _IIIIIIIIIIII_ *LOVE IIIT*
d
dude plz face reveal has been a while like 3 years
aftermarket stereo system for camry 2020
Comrades, let's overthrow the ruling class.     For the Motherland.
redditors fail to get a girl yet they do this shit
But... isn’t Reddit bad? Is it wrong that I use Reddit?
Its funny how people started to like reddit from nowhere (some people)
Wow
Can you do a vid on pewdiepies video “coco” I think it would be great keep up the good work!
Wait wait?? I’m just now hearing about this?? Wth
9:25 you're basically describing every 1917 communist Russian
2:30 I wonder what flavored pringles they were.
*continuing to crash
I can see reddit literally running the economy in a couple of years
How many subscribers can I get from this comment? Current:468
Helloooo
Okay $19 fortnight card want it and yes I’m giving it away remember share share and share and trolls don’t get blocked
Dont mess with the redditors I guess  :/
They should go after ea and ubisoft next
Awesome video as always man!  Your explanations of short selling was a bit off, though. Short sellers borrow the shares from someone that owns them, and then sell them with the promise to buy them back later to return them. It's also not just for putting downward pressure on a stock price and is an important part of the stock market. It provides a balancing mechanism that is very useful. It's just, unfortaunately, sometimes abused.
4:24 reminds me the difference between rich people and wallstreetbets,
They are LITERALLY called the 1%! WE are the 99%! We are more powerful by sheer army size!
Terrible take. Sorry Andre. This ain’t it
We had a gamestop where i live but it closed :(
Ok
reddit: hehe stonks go *almost crashes the stonks market*
Dou
Can't stop meme car at only 69,420
no it isnt real you have dream luck about your pronouciantion no thats not romain english pronounciacion (how romanians  english pronouce words) and for some reason we both have the same ideas so lets just get it over with, eu si tu suntem romani
I'm a redditor   I am proud
Game STOP PLS
Reddit and poor people gets into stonks democrats and the rich: Is that communism i hear
Did anyone else pause it to look up “meritocracy”?
Salut ma uit la tine pentru 5 luni.
Screw robinhood
Lol I told my dad to buy se and now his 1000$ dollar Investment is now 3000$
Bravo frate smecher video te pup succes in continuare mare fan✌🏻🇷🇴🇷🇴🇷🇴🇷🇴🇷🇴
Juan.
"Together we strong." -monke
This is a certified reddit moment!
real ones remember the PLTR 🚀 short squeeze
I really dont like this comment section  It's full of bad memes and people who think Reddit can make history
Nici nu știam ca s-a întâmplat :))))
To the moon.
Steal from the richrich give to the Reddit users
What do you mean almost? They did crash it.
More like saved
He got them wrong there supposed to be fat 😒
solution: use cookies as currency
That (the title) is literally the single most exaggerated and utterly untrue statement I have heard regarding this incident.  To think that a short-squeeze event of a few companies that only really affected two hedge-funds somehow *_crashed the entire economy_* is a fucking joke.  This a completely negligible effect on the economy as a whole if even that.  Utterly ridiculous that someone would claim this.  I mean even by clickbait standards, seriously?  And it's not like this is disrupting the status quo.  It's not like Redditors were the only ones part of the short squeeze other real investors were part of it too they just happened to be the loudest of the bunch and among the first to notice the opportunity.  It didn't affect any status quo because nothing really changed, the only thing different in this incident compared to similar ones is the people involved.  Nothing fundamentally has changed.  One group made money and the other group lost money, same as always.  While yes this is a noticeable incident and it will likely linger in memory and pop culture for some time, it's not some sort of grand financial revolution like people think.
I still like game stop no matter what
Reddit is so powerfull!!! And youtube should have a upvote system instead of algorithms who follow the trends... would be so much better for great content to be seen much faster! in stead of low effort content gaining millions of views..
As a redditor I approve of this
I took part and i actually made around 400$ it was pretty cool.
My brother bought $50 in shares from GameStop and made $19 meaning he got $69 which is nice
Wait you ești român
.
And we're back baby!
I like your video but you should have given some credit to Roaring Kitty...the guy who pioneered this movement.
Andrei Terbea, you have to meet DJ Cook
Whit power of retards none can defeat us but we cant get gf :(
We formed sper spirit bomb
just noticed the dice all have 6 on each side
I cant tell if the thumbnail is Donald Trump or Elon Musk and that, that is the ideal.
aw yeah, time to hand this over to Joseph Stalin in moscow
Why first thought when hearing this was "Those freaking madlads
Thank you for this video
💎🤲
Huh
The Pringles dude creeps me out XD
Amogus
I speak for everyone here: For those who weren’t there wish they were they
$AMC to the moon 🚀🚀🚀🚀
People say Reddit is good, so I download it. *It’s trash and boring* People keep saying Reddit is good, so I redownload it. *It’s still trash and boring*
Other social medias: “Eee, i hat opinions, eeeee my nail polish was ruined 😭😭😭”                                         Reddit: “Thomas my good man, the hedge funds are getting a teensy bitty greedy wouldn’t you say. Let’s use this to our advantage and crash the stock market.”
9:44 it looks like Tenef is throwing gang signs
We redditors have learned how to crash the stock market, but yet to learn how to ask a girl out.
that's pretty annoying
Interestingski
The entire situation summarized in one sentence: Billionaires complain because capitalism worked against them
This is history, I love reddit.
Redditors making billionairs bend backwards?  what kind of "Brave New World" do we live in? 🤣🤣
the economy was never at risk.
If they actually crashed the market that would have been both funny and scary
"I saw that on Reddit"
😈
The bilionare shortseller deserve it completeley
Internet is cool
Make a vid about fortnite vs apple  We need to know y there is no more fortnite mobile
This in a nutshell: bunch of people in reddit makes monopoly man and  mr.pringles lose         billions
Robinhood be robbin the hood
Hey kid lets trade... Me: What do u want Guy: What so u have Me: Want a Magikarp?
This dude is so well spoken and nice to listen too.
Reddit did not almost crash the internet. Disliked cuz click bait.
GME TODAY!! Full moon, to the moon!! 🚀
Ee
This is a legit example of 'Unity in diversity'
"Let the people trade" Finally, we have found it Socialist capitalism
This is the most important post you will ever read.  Every one of us has sinned against God. We’ve lied, we’ve stolen, we’ve sinned sexually, and we’ve taken His name in vain; which makes us liars, thieves, fornicators and blasphemers.. Yet this is only four of our many transgressions.  The problem is, we can never ‘outweigh’ our sin with good deeds because God is perfect in Holiness, meaning his standard is beyond our reach. He is also perfect in Justice, meaning, he will bring EVERY sin to light. The punishment for our sin is death, and Hell; a place of Eternal Fire, where there will be weeping and gnashing of teeth.  Fortunately God is also perfect in Love, so 2000 years ago, Jesus Christ left his throne in heaven and came to this earth. While here, he lived a perfectly righteous life, only to take the punishment that We deserved; Our sinless creator became Our sin, and endured a gruesome death on a cross for our sake.  Right before he died, he said ‘it is finished’.. meaning, the debt for our sins has been paid in full. And on the third day, he defeated death and rose from the grave. So now, we can go free from the wrath of God’s judgement not by earning it, but rather, as a free gift of grace..  Except gifts can be either accepted or rejected. So this is what you must do in response;   Humbly admit to God that you have sinned against him, and through gratitude in the sacrifice of his son, repent (turn away) from your old way of life. Then, confess with your mouth that Jesus Christ is Lord, your savior, and the ruler of your life from this moment forward (Romans 10:9).   Do these things, and you will be saved.  If you do so sincerely, God will grant you a new heart which no longer finds comfort in sin, but instead desires to read and obey his word. He will also grant you Eternal life in his presence; The greatest pleasure on earth doesn’t even come close to what God is preparing for believers in the afterlife.   You’ve been informed; Now the choice is yours. What you do with this information will determine where you spend ETERNITY, meaning, this is the single most critical decision you will EVER make; And all of us here, whether believer or atheist, know deep down that every last word here is true.  Jesus Christ awaits YOU this very moment. Don’t even think about sleeping tonight until you surrender your life to him, because your tomorrow isn’t guaranteed.. And as it is written (Hebrews 9 : 27) ;  ‘It is appointed unto man ONCE to die, but after this, THE JUDGMENT’.  All glory, honor and praise to Lord Jesus Christ.
Robinhood has a history of siding against the people lol
So ... WHAT APP DO WE USE ?
the movement is buetiful
your duck is angry at me
"They said it could not be done"
I’m telling you nothing but Reddit and Twitter rules this world, they can do whatever they want
Rich people: invest and you can make millions! People: *invest* Rich people: _no_
Ok so we almost had another Great Depression
they better cancel ea
what about gamestop? since i dont know whats happening
That's what they get for screwing gamestop
I'd say let all the greedy billionaires just get tarred, feathered, and get beaten with a barbed stick but this works too. Everyone should keep doing this so that there are less greedy people in the world.
Reject humanity. Join reddit.
I clicked the video thinking I was getting a cool video, I came out with the a degree in economy.
Hey Andrei, you can put ads on your video it's ok dude.
Redditors : i will destroy wall steert    Wall steert :  hahaha  redditors  are going to fail haha  Redditors : you underestemate my power
Romans 3:23 states: "For all have sinned, and come short of the glory of God;". We are all sinners, that have committed at least one sin in our lives, which earns us an eternal punishment in Hell. Revelation states 21:8 "But the fearful, and unbelieving, and the abominable, and murderers, and whoremongers, and sorcerers, and idolaters, and all liars, shall have their part in the lake which burneth with fire and brimstone: which is the second death.". God sent his Son, Jesus, to Earth as a perfect sinless sacrifice. To take on all the sins of the world; both past, present, and future sins. Shedding his blood on the cross as a blood atonement for all sins. After dying on the cross, he rose from the dead on the 3rd day and rose to Heaven. To show life after death. To show everlasting life through Jesus's sacrifice. John 14:6 states: "Jesus saith unto him, I am the way, the truth, and the life: no man cometh unto the Father, but by me.". Romans 10:13 states "For whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved.".      Eternal life in heaven is just one prayer away. All you have to do is believe that Jesus Christ, the Son of God, died on the cross for your sins. As an atonement for your sins. And rose from the grave on the 3rd day. Ask Jesus to save you of your sins and give you eternal life in Heaven. Salvation is a free and everlasting gift from God. Please don't let pride drag you into eternal punishment in Hell, but ask Jesus to give you eternal life in Heaven. If you're getting a strong feeling of resistance while reading this, it's because Satan doesn't want you to get saved. He wants you to resist, and think it's not real. He wants you in Hell for all eternity with him. Hell is not a fun place, like worldly people like to imagine. It's everlasting torture with no relief. I'm only taking the time to text this, because I want to get the message out. There are so many distractions in life keeping people from witnessing to other people. Keeping you from thinking about salvation. Keeping you from thinking about life after death. Please, ask Jesus into your hearts to save you of your sins and cleanse you from all unrighteous. Ask him for a place in Heaven, and he will save you from eternal damnation in Hell.
yeah idk. i think the thing with the stock and the manipulation with it is the reason i dont trust it and i probably never gonna invest in stocks
Why are you allways treanding
Thanks for explaining this! I felt like when this was happening all at once, I couldn't understand or keep up. Now I feel up to speed.😊
I literally got an ad for Wall Street watching this
Haha stonks go brrrrrrrr
Congrats on getting trending for 2 days now!!!
💎
i like the waving hands outro
The power of Reddit.
stonks
Când mai postezi?
I think the mention of hedgefunds gave me a load of ads on hedges. 😂
xd
Person: Reddit is worse than tiktock Reddit:
I completely missed this video. YouTube straight up didn’t notify me despite having notifications on for this channel, what the hell youtube..
Hey Andrie i didn’t got the notification for this vid i saw it in rec so Fix that problem if you can please
@andreterbea what happened to you insta
❤️✌️
Well..you shouldn't underestimate the power of reddit and memes
its trending #43 in the us bruhhh
This is the ultimate “we did it reddit”
30 trending
This whole thing was meaningless.  Some hedge funds made a lot of money riding on the wave, only to sell off and crash the stock price. There is no place in the stock market for democracy
i didnt understand almost anything but ty Andrei for explaining it :D
WHAT WAS ROBIN HOOD THINKING
stonk reevolution
people could literally overthrow a government if they got together
You kinda late bro
I honestly hate this man
I bought in with about $50    I walked out with a couple hundred lol
Stonks for life b words
Got investment capital and just when he started about Robin hood
Wow... Imagine something like this happening for the sake of all the problems everyone has had with YouTube. The Censorship.... The Favoritism.... The Inconsistency....
I WAS PART OF THIS
HODL
If you think about it your yust keem star animated no hate it’s an a good way
Redditors in the comment section: *$GME*
Memes are funny, but some of the memes ruins everything
Hi Andrei ,Could you make one day a video of you animating a video or just a little bit , it would help a lot new animators like me
I didn’t hear no bell you guys better buy and hold those stonks, I want to see GameStop at $420.69 by April 20
This is not an Andrew Terbea video this is a political episode of silicon valley
Time to crash it again folks
I remember walking into game stop and getting some of the best games example: battlefield bad company 2 and battlefield 3 and I loved game stop because of the trading system because you can make a kids day by trading your game and later a person may buy it and the might like it.
This made me want to do stocks even more
i dont understand a single word u say
It’s still happening!  🙌🙌🙌💎💎💎🚀🚀🚀
ok
Woo
The Wallstreetbets “Recession” is coming, the Rubicon has been crossed. The world will realize that there was no recovery.
Wow thanks. I actually finally understand this xD
My guy really said that some of us don’t know what game stop is, if at least one person watching this video doesn’t know what game stop is, im going to have a temper tantrum
all the ads I got in this video is about investing
i like stocks
When the stupid subreddits attack you can't fight back.
I wanted to follow Andrei’s insta but can’t find him anywhere, can someone give me a link?
Nice vid explained perfectly
This does seem like something reddit would do
The Internet's power to troll is *unlimited*
nice
And if the economy crashed? So what? Good!!! All it would hurt would be the rich. 90% of Americans ain't got nothing left to loose.
u live in romania, no wonder u got so much bs to give the world
More video
apes together strong.
New zealands gamestop is called eb games
never go FR
my grandpa got a game stop stock so is he a redditer?
Imagine actually believing the title
By the time he made the video gme is already coming back 😂
My history teacher was actually the one to introduce us to the whole gamestop stockmarket controversy and seeing how he's young and has been buying and trading stock for years makes me think that he was one of the redditors who bought a bunch of gamestop stock lol
Romania doesn't exist - Me, a hungarian
The ecconomy is collapsing and wsb has nothing to do with it. Money printing and lockdowns collapsed it. Don't let them shift the blame... again.
The thing is hedge funds that shorted GME when it was at 400 made a huge profit shorting because now it is at 40 they must’ve made BILLIONS, we did not win against Wall Street
If our economy's performance is tied to  an internet site we have issues!
It's not over.
Seems like the average reddit
PepeLaugh TeaTime
💎🙌 $GME to the moon 🚀🚀🚀
I made $25,000 from it
Sold my stock at $480 bought it low sold high,lol got me a gaming pc
Reddit: our goals are beyond your understanding
This is proof that the common people are not powerless
it's funny, gme second wave just happened
7:48 I love how Andrei draws the Hedge Funds as the Monopoly and Pringles guy.
Wall Street : Exists*   Redditors in there Boxers: Imma end dis man's whole career
O no
The power of apes
MESSAGE
The power of virgins in their boxers wearing shirts with hot cheeto crumbs
grabbed 30 shares today...
I have to say i love the content but when Andrei starts a new chapter it hurts my ears to hear the scratching of the pencil i would lower the volume of the pencil writing so people like me who cant stand the sound dont have to hear it while watching a great content creator.
I like the stock :)
Stupid false videos like these only perpetuate the economic ignorance most people (especially americans) struggle with. No, the economy did not even "almost" collapse. A hedge fund or two lost money on a single stock. Big whoop. They lose and gain money all the time.
basically the moral of the story: completely!
A reused asset at 1:43. It's from the Life Hacks video he did. The timestamp on the life hack vid is 3:35
LOL the price of Game Stop Stocks are going back up again. ROUND 2 BABY
The GameStop stock is back up
I thought we actually gonna have another great depression
The Left        The Right                  🤝 Bankrupting the Rich
Blockbuster: Reddit do ya thing
My thoughts are apes together strong. I did take part of this. The way I see it moving on is TO D MOOON
2021 redditors be like: well boys we did it, the economy is no more!
We didn't only use robin hood
It's the boomers who disliked  Remember Apes together strong
Yeah. But the Democrats bailed out the Hedge Funds with Tax payers money anyway so still ordinary people lost.
I use tradeing 212
Redditors when they put down stok market and make people loose jobs: Haha big chungus wholesome 100 Keanu Reeves Amogus
Thanks Andrei; this situation confused me so much
Stonks
YALL HE TRENDIN YAAASSSS☕️✌️👌👁👄👁
Hm, the Pringle guy is hedge fund member.
So rad !!! Who was in on the $170 calls today?
“Reddit crashed the economy” is the equivalent of “I didn’t shoot the gun the gun shot itself.”
You dont have to, but I would really like you to do a video on callmecarson.
Shit, born too late. Fml.
Really there's a chinese in an armor Andrei? You couldn't say dent in the armor? an opportunity arised? choice of words dude
Reddit beat the HF at their own game...
pretending Elon Musk wasn't a billionaire? his parents owned an emerald mine in apartheid South Africa.
Lets pay against nestle >:(
This is the most important post you will ever read.  Every one of us has sinned against God. We’ve lied, we’ve stolen, we’ve sinned sexually, and we’ve taken His name in vain; which makes us liars, thieves, fornicators and blasphemers.. Yet this is only four of our many transgressions.  The problem is, we can never ‘outweigh’ our sin with good deeds because God is perfect in Holiness, meaning his standard is beyond our reach. He is also perfect in Justice, meaning, he will bring EVERY sin to light. The punishment for our sin is death, and Hell; a place of Eternal Fire, where there will be weeping and gnashing of teeth.  Fortunately God is also perfect in Love, so 2000 years ago, Jesus Christ left his throne in heaven and came to this earth. While here, he lived a perfectly righteous life, only to take the punishment that We deserved; Our sinless creator became Our sin, and endured a gruesome death on a cross for our sake.  Right before he died, he said ‘it is finished’.. meaning, the debt for our sins has been paid in full. And on the third day, he defeated death and rose from the grave. So now, we can go free from the wrath of God’s judgement not by earning it, but rather, as a free gift of grace..  Except gifts can be either accepted or rejected. So this is what you must do in response;   Humbly admit to God that you have sinned against him, and through gratitude in the sacrifice of his son, repent (turn away) from your old way of life. Then, confess with your mouth that Jesus Christ is Lord, your savior, and the ruler of your life from this moment forward (Romans 10:9).   Do these things, and you will be saved.  If you do so sincerely, God will grant you a new heart which no longer finds comfort in sin, but instead desires to read and obey his word. He will also grant you Eternal life in his presence; The greatest pleasure on earth doesn’t even come close to what God is preparing for believers in the afterlife.   You’ve been informed; Now the choice is yours. What you do with this information will determine where you spend ETERNITY, meaning, this is the single most critical decision you will EVER make; And all of us here, whether believer or atheist, know deep down that every last word here is true.  Jesus Christ awaits YOU this very moment. Don’t even think about sleeping tonight until you surrender your life to him, because your tomorrow isn’t guaranteed.. And as it is written (Hebrews 9 : 27);  ‘It is appointed unto man ONCE to die, but after this, THE JUDGMENT’ .  All glory, honor and praise to Lord Jesus Christ.
*I Love Democracy*
https://youtu.be/2472khoo1fQ
Me: Knows the whole entire story    Also Me: *watches anyway*
I didn't hear no bell
Jesus love you, he died on the cross for you, accept him as your lord and savior he can change everything. For God so loved the world that he gave his only son, so that everyone who believes in him may not perish but may have eternal life" (Jn 3:16"  But you must repent too. From that time Jesus went about preaching and saying, Let your hearts be turned from sin, for the kingdom of heaven is near. (Matthew 4:17),
Apes together STRONG!
Reddit: And I’ll do it again
Can you  do a q and a
roblox is actually F'ing immune to short selling for some reason or another. like every bad decision by a stupid moderator doubles the companys value ngl
Narrative of Self is the result of a feedback loop between “Separate Self” & Cosmos🎈
Is not even over 🐵🚀🌝
Game stop closed in sweden
Your information is not quite correct. The DTCC waived the fee requirements for Robinhood, It was Citadel who put the restrictions on Robinhood....Who happend to have skin in the GME game.
well done reddit
This title is complete bullshit
Yes I took part for round 2 after the hearing when DFV testified!
Reddit destroys memes, people and stock markets.
Okay I’m glad someone explained this because I hadn’t been keeping up with it but really wanted to know what happened
Can u do the Trisha paytas and James Charles drama? Everyone else is not explaining it that well on yt and i really like the way you that you talk abt all these internets scandals
Him: if you go on a bus someome will probably be talking about it me who lives in norway: you would struggle finding anyone talking at all lol
The only reason I watch this is for the animation and the narration I don't really care about any of these topics
ONE MORE TIME! ONE MORE TIME!!!
Ok
You uploaded this at the perfect time. We hold Andrei.
oh my goodness, I love this story
Bruh round two happened feb 24
GameStonks: Power to the People
Wait you live in Romania? no wonder your name is spelled like that😀
Pringles and monopoly man look like rich guys
Willys wonderland (All)- https://youtu.be/7MBOEIj8hnc
💎👐
liiyytu6786 68m7u7h7e7u
Redditors: *"You get what you fucking deserve."*
some guy invested $50,000 and made $50 million bruh
This is not a meme, my fellow ape. This is the genius strategy wrapped in a meme. Do not confuse these two concepts.
DOGECOIN!!!
Perhaps I’m misinterpreting the concept of short selling, but isn’t it more like dancing on the grave of a dying business, rather than pushing the business into a grave. Because it comes from the short seller assuming that the stock price is gonna go down in the first place
so if i bought gamestop actions in september and resell them in mid january then i would be richer?
I loved youv in Steping on toes
We did it, Reddit.
I like how Lays is always eating XD
This is a very based take how did GameStop almost destroy the economy when Robin Hood is the one that broke the law and literally destroyed the economy for a weekend only within like five of some of the most active traded stocks on their platform but hey the stock market was made for the rich so they're just telling us poor people we shouldn't be in it or will f****** the economy lol
This feels like the meme of the cat in the hat with a baseball bat.
Good job explaining this! Also v nice topic to address to your audience :)
The pringles guy design was wonderful and I request to see him appear in future videos
Same way we stopped being serfs and over threw the monarchies
Love your videos andre 💗💗💗
Reddit: And this isn't even my final form!
If only 4chan got involved  as well lol
TLDR: Buy GameStop ($GME)
what many people don't realize as well, that this while the principal of this is more or less the same this also applies to goverment as well  think about that
....And its happening again
8:10 "Entire market could crash" and your title says "almost crashed the economy" but you never specify how. I can understand if it's the "housing" market because everyone would get affected but gamestop? They are not the only store that sells games so I don't get it.
Matthew 25:31-46 New International Version (NIV) The Sheep and the Goats 31 “When the Son of Man comes in his glory, and all the angels with him, he will sit on his glorious throne. 32 All the nations will be gathered before him, and he will separate the people one from another as a shepherd separates the sheep from the goats. 33 He will put the sheep on his right and the goats on his left.  34 “Then the King will say to those on his right, ‘Come, you who are blessed by my Father; take your inheritance, the kingdom prepared for you since the creation of the world. 35 For I was hungry and you gave me something to eat, I was thirsty and you gave me something to drink, I was a stranger and you invited me in, 36 I needed clothes and you clothed me, I was sick and you looked after me, I was in prison and you came to visit me.’  37 “Then the righteous will answer him, ‘Lord, when did we see you hungry and feed you, or thirsty and give you something to drink? 38 When did we see you a stranger and invite you in, or needing clothes and clothe you? 39 When did we see you sick or in prison and go to visit you?’  40 “The King will reply, ‘Truly I tell you, whatever you did for one of the least of these brothers and sisters of mine, you did for me.’  41 “Then he will say to those on his left, ‘Depart from me, you who are cursed, into the eternal fire prepared for the devil and his angels. 42 For I was hungry and you gave me nothing to eat, I was thirsty and you gave me nothing to drink, 43 I was a stranger and you did not invite me in, I needed clothes and you did not clothe me, I was sick and in prison and you did not look after me.’  44 “They also will answer, ‘Lord, when did we see you hungry or thirsty or a stranger or needing clothes or sick or in prison, and did not help you?’  45 “He will reply, ‘Truly I tell you, whatever you did not do for one of the least of these, you did not do for me.’  46 “Then they will go away to eternal punishment, but the righteous to eternal life.” -------------- ---------------------- =====================
Bruh they did not almost crash the economy ffs
Did you not do your basic research?  I live in Europe and we have Gamestops!
https://youtu.be/NA0yrWHmO98
alo gara
Sorry from bulgaria for the robinhood ceo.
YES OR NO VLAD. Im reclaiming my time.
POV: *Youve seen another video with same topic*
This whole meme is like if the plot from the film Joker was real
4:22 The Wolf of Drip Street
I haven’t heard anyone talk about this but ty imao anyway Jesus loves you and he was crucified for you xx
What!!!!!!! They're suuus
Nice.
I used to crush on Robin Hood so bad
Prices of silver is next, no one is talking about it.
Wait what the hell is a bus?
"Game Stop is going to original price" Soooo... this video didn't age well lol
money
this makes me so happy, call me bitter if you want - I live for their downfall lmao
We won.
HODL!
My brother took place in it. He told me he’s upset because now the sub Reddit isn’t what it use to be because of the huge amount of traffic that hit it. He joined it when their was less then 100,000 degenerates and now there’s 9 million.
I’ll fuckin do it again
The Revolution Had Begun.
I saw some news outlet calling them all alt right nazies. Lmao. All it takes to be called a nazi today, is piss somebody off. The more money they got the more likely it is to happen.
Ah, my favorite fellow balkaner
Ahh shit here we go again
the economy cannot depend on such superficial things
Lol he thinks a few hedge funds is “the whole economy “ lol he’s paid
I saw this on trending and not in my subscription feed
Trending
This story is a decade old already.
4:27 I fricking love this image.
You should make a video about CallMeCarson drama!
This is the way
If this isn't clickbaity, I don't know what is.
Anybody know how i can get the romanian news report about this?
0:53 urmm
Me after coming back to Reddit realizing I could have became a millionaire *LET'S SPEEDRUN LIFE BROS*
Me after coming back to Reddit realizing I could have became a millionaire *LET'S SPEEDRUN LIFE BROS*
Hahahaha.
so why does my dad say that this was gonna hurt peoples retirement plans and stuff?
It's going back up. You choose the right time
The hedge fund Maverick Capitol has 4.6 million shares of GME since December.
Still i didnt understand this f***
Thank you, this explained everything in a very easy to understand way
In Modern Living Rooms Everyone Using "SoundProof Curtains" That Stops Outside Noise by 80% (25 Db) Tested. Check Here: https://livesoundproof.com/best-soundproof-curtains/
game stop shut down here in sweden. It was a sad day to be alive
IF we break the economy nothing wil change cuz we are all depressed
It did not almost crash the economy.
The core problem with Robinhood is that they lend out users shares to intetutional investors to earn intrest on them and sell user data, this is how they can be "commision" free
That’s why America is corrupt and hot garbage. You can cheat and manipulate to get your way. Must be fun....
Loved how this video is made 👏  😄. I've been working on similar content and probably you should visit. I'm sure you'll find find a lot of useful info on this topic on my channel too.
“The economy” 😂 lmao what a joke
How is there no mentioning of DFV (Roaring kitty) ?
Stonks
The trending section shows me how far humanity has been dumbed down.  On bright side I know most of y'all tards will take jab and hopefully leave this earth
Saving GameStop from greedy people.
What animation app you have, does it free?
I know that Robinhood might have LOOKED like the villain BUT they could have crashed the economy so I think that Robinhood did the right thing. Unless of course I'm getting confused, which is probably what's happening.
Classic pump and dump. Didnt change anything and a lot of private investors got burned. Fcuk Reddit!!! And fcuck Robinhood - they make their money from selling YOUR  trading data to the large investment firms..!!!
Yarrrrrrrrr!
Power to the Proles!   Down with the Oligarchy!
Id like to point out that, even though the stock HAS plumeted, the hedge funds are STILL losing a lot of money. GOOD
Robinhood is wrong for what they did to Wall Street bets
See you next month
9:17 "There's one thing we know, gamestop's stock are back to original prices" LOL, as of now its rising to 91$ and increasing. TO DA MOOOON  🚀🌑 with shiny diamond hands!💎👐
*internet together strong*
GME to Pluto 🙌🙌🙌🙌💎💎💎💎💎💎
this hurt my brain
Soon may the Tendieman come! To send our rocket to the sun! One day, when the trading is done! We'll take our gains and go!
Ya gotto love that endscreen
Acts 2:21 And it shall come to pass, that whosoever shall call on the name of the Lord shall be saved.  Ephesians 2:8-9 For by grace are ye saved through faith; and that not of yourselves: it is the gift of God: Not of works, lest any man should boast.  John 3:16 For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.
YouTube’s getting a little too comfortable with double ads
YouTube’s getting a little too comfortable with double ads
i love reddit
8:34 Some people stated that RobinHood actually sold some of their users shares with out their permission! But looking back, I missed out only because I didn't know it existed.
And here I thought 4chan was influential
0:21 shaggy making moves 😂
everyone: 2021  reddit: 2 0 0 8
The robbinhood app seems to be communit
The stock market has always been there for normal people white out Robbin hood you are laing at 4:15
Why does Robbin hood exist capetalists have always let smaller investors invest in stocks there is always some one who sells and always one who can buy
“For the Lord himself will come down from heaven, with a loud command, with the voice of the archangel and with the trumpet call of God, and the dead in Christ will rise first. After that, we who are still alive and are left will be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in the air. And so we will be with the Lord forever. Therefore encourage one another with these words. Now, brothers and sisters, about times and dates we do not need to write to you, for you know very well that the day of the Lord will come like a thief in the night. While people are saying, “Peace and safety,” destruction will come on them suddenly, as labor pains on a pregnant woman, and they will not escape. But you, brothers and sisters, are not in darkness so that this day should surprise you like a thief. You are all children of the light and children of the day. We do not belong to the night or to the darkness. So then, let us not be like others, who are asleep, but let us be awake and sober. For those who sleep, sleep at night, and those who get drunk, get drunk at night. But since we belong to the day, let us be sober, putting on faith and love as a breastplate, and the hope of salvation as a helmet. For God did not appoint us to suffer wrath but to receive salvation through our Lord Jesus Christ. He died for us so that, whether we are awake or asleep, we may live together with him.” #LordJesusiscoming
The clickbait title 😵
👌☝✌👍 SCP COOL
Goddamn Reddit neckbeards
Glad to see someone who actually  deserves  to be on trending be on trending. Instead  of some manipulative apology video, a music video, a sports video or a big companies video. This restores a little bit of faith of mine in the trending tab.
CREEPYPASTA
2:17 (; pringles guy
Andrei Terbea: What's your opinion guys? His fan base of children
SCP👍✌☝👌
CREEPYPASTA VS SCP JEFF  +  076 SCPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPP CREEPYPASTAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA ASS  COOL 👌👍
CREEPYPASTA
Redditor moment
Only 30% of the pre- Robin Hood shutdown GME trading volume was that week was retail investors. This whole wall street bets inflated the stock by themselves story is just a story.
SCP
HOW COULD YOU HAVE NOT MENTIONED THE MAN HIMSELF, DEEPFUCKINGVALUE!
E
what a time to be alive got money but still cant buy a ps5.
andrei: uploads everyone: hmm... trending you must
There is risk in everything,so be prepared for ups and downs.
I understand the gripe with Robinhood (even though I still use it) since they have a business connection with Melvin Capital  But I don’t like the narrative as if they were the only platform that restricted the buying of GameStop when literally every platform did the same thing  It’s even people that were reporting that they weren’t able to even log in to some of the platforms that exact same day    Now we have people with massive losses because they resisted hitting the sale button for profit even when it was their only option 😂😂😂   Even after the restricted buying GameStop still went up a additional $100 before it came down crashing
*The Economg Was Already Broken*
When I saw the vid I was like what the fu-
Short selling is in reverse to what you explained
Wow, this was very interesting and informative and very well explained. Great video!
No one: GameStop: *GAS GAS GAS, IM GONNA STEP ON THE GAS*
GME going to the moon 🚀🚀🚀
I was born in the late 2000s (2007) and I do have good memories of GameStop. I still play and use items I have bought from there.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hQ3I7Ef00MI
this whole video made me learn more about economy than my economical studies class
Your Romanian?
Yeahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
This helped me understand everything because I saw memes about this and my brother talked about it with my dad but I didn't know how or why it happened and it was so confusing for me.
Dude you releasing this was perfect timing
You're mistaken Jimmy Kimmel said it was the Russians
“Let the people trade”... right. F*ck RH
GME and AMC are going to the moon🚀🚀
It’s not over yet... be ready to hear and see more news 😈
GME go brrr
i like how he use pringles man as rich man
I'm starting to get a flashback of the Franch evolution--
Lol he made a video thinking it was over...
From what I have heard it is not robinhoods fault. They were buying the shares from a broker and because of the demand the commission rates went sky high, so they had to restrict buying. Correct me if I'm wrong.
They should make an anime on this
few years from now, people from r/wallstreetbets could tell their kids how they made history together...   history of STONKs
Hedgefund gets bailout  "Reddit csn crash the entire market" -Goldcunt  Media blames reddit for this.  DO I SMELL CORRUPTION ?
the return of the king
can u do a vid about xQc
i knew you are romanian....
Hamburger
Mind you that was like 1% of Reddit. What happened if 100% joined?
I love the Internet
pretty hot take why would people will so such an ugly thing?
Ahahhahhahahahah rocket going up again
i didn't understand this :(
Finally a video about gamestop stocks that is  informative AND entertaining, thank you andrei
U know reddit doesn't love U .
Why does Elon Musk look like a old guy then Elon?
reddit                FOR THE WIN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I don't know if your living under a rock, but gme going back up...
once regular people realize that together they hold a considerable amount of power against these multi billion dollar institutions, that’s a genie you can never shove back in the bottle  love that
Who knew a _mildly_ hated community can take down the greediest of the wealth!
Together ape strong
This is the reason why socialism is on the rise. Politician and the big boys like heghe fund amd coperation and on the same team, and the tean does not include us. United we the masses hold powet greater then their hoarderd wealth by a thousand fold. I hope for change regardless wether socialism become mainstream or capalism is fixed. I hope for solidarity in between adverge oridinary person forever
Little late to the party, no?
boom
"It's not about the money. It's about sending a message."
WallStreetBets go "GAS GAS GAS..."
Economy: exists    Some Reddit boys: *ima bout to end this mans whole career*
No mention of Roaring Kitty/ deepvalue...smh
im from serbia
the best bit is that the billionairs insulted the redditors and it did nothing to stop what they were doing               almost as if insults were their turf
HAH Game Stop jumped from 50 to kiss 400 dollars today before going back to 90+. The squeeze to thousands has just started in earnest. BUY AMC at 11
Good video
5:45 ahh, GameStop it used to be here at Finland until it got closed right front of The virus...
it has risen again, too the moon  🚀 🚀
Very cool ! Thank you so much! I am delighted and shocked
It’s happening againnnnnn
*Hey, to you reading* ..... you are loved in this moment, just as you are, here's how we know: "For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whoever believes in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.”
I just can't skip until watching the outro tune
Wholesome 100 keanu chungus reddit moment
Who’s watching after it went back up 😂
The power of Reddit is UNSTOPPABLE
That’s Nice
Crashed?   No, SAVED.
HOLDDDDDD
Бюжэ
Let’s go trending :D
HES BACK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
the ending is the best as usualy
Cool video:)
This is funny cause GME squeezed so hard today they halted the stock for 10 minute!  Don't even get me started on the After Hours...
They doing it again rn
Long story short: Money gets more money from another money and more money.
"Whenever you feel useless, just remember that white pencils like me exist"  👉White Pencil👈
Talk to all the individuals who lost their ass on the Gamestop debacle... This makes it sound like the people won... a lot of individuals paid a HEFTY price to "stick it to the man."
I’ve been lmao at the fact that my dad is one of the redditors and he’s been talking ab this a lot lately
Listen to NPRs Planet Money for the real reason Robin Hood was forced to stop trading of Gamestop. This is a false representation.
Imagine just buying out a ton of companies and bankrupting the hedge funds
Hold GME😎 Apes together strong
Repent of your sins and turn to God, for the kingdom of Heaven is near. Matthew 3:2  Jesus loves you❤️ Never give up on your life!! 🙏🏼
if only you knew that hours later GME would skyrocket again. This time surely bound to the moon with no MF pitstops.
*destroy capitalism*
Hey Andrea, are you going to talk about the whole Carson grooming thing at some point? Would like to hear your pov
And we're doing it again.  🙌💎🙌
Stonks.
I really didn't understand this at first
This is just a tea spill channel with extra steps, and we love it
It’s funny how it was 1% of reddit
HI
Robinhood: take from rich and give to the poor Also Robinhood: wait no not like that
I don't think crash would be the right word to describe what they did
AYE NO CAP I GOT SOME 🔥🔥🔥 BEATS ON MY PAGE 3 NEW ONES DAILY ON MY WEBSITE 🙏❗️📈
Meme stocks never came close to crashing the economy. The squeeze came close to bankrupting the hedgefunds. That's all. Buh bye. The economy will go on without them. It's just that money will have changed hands.
Uploads just when the round 2 has begun. Dudes gonna have to be a lot quicker 😂
Its because people dont understand that memes are actually a very effective way of dropping thought bombs and spreading it fast   Edit : atleast the sensable ones
Message machine: “you have lost one billion dollars by *doditpapadoodles69* “
Wall street bisches more like
The biggest “eat the rich” moment of the century
Regular guy: hey man so i started investing Veteran investor: oh nice! Did you check the current trends? Theres a lot of interesting choices out there RG: yea im buying GameStop stocks VI: what?! Y-you are not short selling? RG: haha look at those stonks! VI: wait no, its meant to drop! YOU ARE INVESTING THE WRONG WAY
Just finished ur vid now it took me 1 day, couldnt decide wat was more important, this vid or education
But this makes market unpredictable  After this incident i think there should be a rule to stop this "both parties" I would rather invest in IPOs if the market keeps changing like that in future.
You picked a good time to release this. GME went from like 42 today to hitting 200 after hours. Insane day. The rocket is lifting off. We are currently still taking part in the gamestop short squeeze.
I love pringls
I'm begging you in the middle of your transitions stop the writing sound I'm going to kill myself
I’ve never seen GameStop here in Australia... we have ebgames 😁
PART 2...It happened again xD
i'm from Romania,still i live in west banat
new vid finallllyyyyy here
Gamestop stock shot up today
Game shop is shop
stonks
When I heard "a bunch of guys in there underwear banding together and sticking it to the man" I laughed so hard
Please!Check my song.  👍👍
2 weeks, too late
get ready for round 2
*Pepes of the Wallstreet*
Reddit is legendary
I wanted Andrei and Internet Historian to make a video on this, 👍👍
Wall street: invest to make money! People: actually invests Wall street: u weren't supposed to do dat
Billionaires: You can invest in stock market to become rich like us. Normal People: *invests Billionaires: wait, you are not supposed to do that.
Almost? Hehe... you think this is over my child? I pity you
Round 2 started right after you dropped this video.....
Next up: How Reddit caused a global market depression.
I like how the man group is represented by mr monopoly and the pringles dude. Nothing is more manly than that, change my mind
Don’t mess with the little guy
I WAS HERE IM STILL HOLDING
As a Financial Advisor, this was fascinating to watch happen 🥰
love how he spent all this time animating this just for reddit to do it a second time right after he uploads
I been a subbie since the begging I’m so happy your trending :) well worth it
If only we could band together and retake our money and expand the middle class and other things.
Love how your #14 on trending and my husband had amc shares before all this craziness happened he was So happy til he woke up and they were going down after he found out the blocked buying with GameStop amc etc
"Reddittttttttttttt"
UNLIMITED POWAH!!!!!!
Time to crash the stock market
I have watched countless videos on this issue and I still can't grasp how things worked.  I'm already afraid of investing for obvious reasons and the fact that I can't make this make sense says I should try to build wealth in other ways.  :/
Robin Hood, went from hunter to fox
dude how come i did not recognize pringal's
this video was amazing. well done
Jesus, what a time to post it when GME rose 100% today
The thing that gets me about it is that it was never planned.
Stay relevant my friend, make better, more interesting content. I wish you the best
the amount of ads on this 10 min video is INSANE
GameStop up 160% today. We going to the moon! No Robinhood will stop us this time!
Imagine posting this and not knowing there's a round2.
$GME up 200% today!!!
Capitalism get used to it.
Reddit vs Robin Hood
You sure seem to not understand what "economy" means
you r making these quality vids at lightspeed good job
elon musk is an icon
This is literally happening again!! See you on the follow up video
The funny thing is at the beginning of 2020 I was researching to in a stock, I wanted to invest into Gamestop but started to see a reason not to..........now I regret it
It my birthday this is the best gift
Im so proud of this community
well it went back up by !04% witin a day , and im part of the diamon hand  gang
Surprised you didn't mention the nickname, Vlad the Stock Impaler. By the way, GameStop is rocketing up again.
Yo trendin dude
I did
DUDE YAY BRAND NEW VIDEO
Since its like 4chan found a Bloomberg terminal, SNEED SEED AND FEED
I get the monoplane man representing hedgefunds but what did the Pringle’s man ever do to you?
no it didnt lol not even close
DUDE NUMBER FOURTEEN ON TRENDING CONGRATS
The market is not the economy. -Kai Ryssdal
Robinhood definitely did the right thing a crash of the stock market would affect people more than we know
The guy who lead the whole thing lost $13m in one day about a week or two after
still holding my 5 GME Diamond hands
THIS DID NOT AGE WEL
14th ON TRENDING?? YUS MA GUY
If u want make real money, just investing in stock, not trading Trading just make ur money up & down hhhh
I dont get it
I FOMO'd it and lost some money.  GME spiked today tho for some reason..
#14 ON TRENDING woww
Where do we go from here? I really wanna see some more billionaires bite the dust
Alternative title *thousand of virgins crash the stock market*
Bru you're like a month late
6/10 Just watch Rick and Morty to understand stocks
I mean, shorting Gamestop was initially a good idea, it was a dying business.
It’s all fun and games till the rich people start loosing
John 3:16-17 16 For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.17 For God sent not his Son into the world to condemn the world; but that the world through him might be saved. Romans 6:23 23. For the wages of sin is death; but the gift of God is eternal life through Jesus Christ our Lord. Romans 10:9-10 9 That if thou shalt confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus, and shalt believe in thine heart that God hath raised him from the dead, thou shalt be saved.10 For with the heart man believeth unto righteousness; and with the mouth confession is made unto salvation. Amen
The sequel to The Big Short.
The redditors are attacking the bourgeois they’re comrades
I still go to game stop sometimes
Congrats bro! #12ONTRENDING
You late
You ain't seen nothing yet... Watch silver & the ensuing collapse of the global fiat empire...  The best is yet to come!
Not today!  The stock is up 😂.  Diamond hands son
you sure it crashed the economy? i know people cashing out thousands during that moment
Next thing politics are gonna do is ban memes
Something familiar is brewing, GME has risen from the depths once again!
Its funny when you realize it's not the first time wallstreetbets did something funny. I remember a while ago, some user actually found a real life infinite money glitch in robinhood and used it to literaly get millions before dipping out and everyone went wild like apes. It was just as funny. Love the people of wallstreetbets. They're literaly the only good part of reddit cause it's mainly filled with 4chan like bros.
Imagine being bankrupted by some guy called “Pu$$y slayer 69”
This is real Urban Ledgend
https://youtu.be/VXpmf_MIoDM
this does put a smile on my face
I'll tell you my side of the story or perspective as a small retail investor on r/wallstreetbets.  I hate it when people say that the reddit users colluded to buy shares in GME.  There was a post made by deepfuckingvalue that explained why GME was a really good investment and I want to emphasize the INVESTMENT part.  He explained why he wanted long term holds in the company and provided data and research to confirm his position.  It was very well written and convinced many people, including myself, to purchase GME.  At this point the stock was about $40 a share.  Now the huge kick start was when Melvin capital or some hedge fund released an article saying "you don't understand shorts term investements" with the article being directed towards people buying GME.  This made the reddit angry and then people started buying GME more and more.  Melvin was going to live stream to explain why retail investors are stupid (not in his terms but basically what he wanted) but that was when GME rose about 50% and he had "connection issues".  After that huge gain, more people joined the sub reddit and the rest will live on in history.    Also in seriousness, I doubt we would have crashed the economy.  Those articles are released by big buisness, and big buisness will support the money.  For weeks, news casters would constantly attack retail investors as being naive and uninformed which is complete bullshit.  They treated us like monkeys for years and when we got to hit back they got pissy.  Look at the stock market crash in 2008.  The banks fucked all of the United states and they get a bail out from the government, but when the little guy gets a tiny bit of the wealth, they do everything in their power to shut us down.
Yep, in 50 or so years Reddit and Memes are going to be taught at history classes
So Reddit told share holders to hold and not sell because? I mean it’s now the same value as it was before the squeeze, well as of yesterday
The timing of this video is prescient as fuxk. The stock just skyrocketed again today after a long bit of tanking.
Lol Vlad Tenev looks like homeless Adam Driver
Reddit did NOT crash/almost crash the economy.
Lol they really said "EAT THE RICH!"
not stonks
💎💎🤚🤚💎💎
u need to do more research bro, robinhood was never recommended on wsb they literally interpreted robinhood as owning a xbox instead of a ps4 also gme been a ride since 2019
Hey guys keep buying and we can almost crash it again and make bank! 🚀🚀🚀
Lol capitalism 😘 SO FAKE
Perfect day to publish!
you need to make a second video
guess that stonks will RISE AGAAAAIN
Sweet. More food for my dead soul. Thanks
Lol Gamestop is making moves with the money retail investors are moving in. GME went up 200%+ afterhours today
No body in my country India talked about this.... Come India wake up
It shot up again today feb 24 I had some shares in it but I sold because I didn’t think it would go anywhere anymore. That just really pisses me off because I wish I didn’t chicken out and still held.
LET'S GO REDDIT
4chan found a terrorist camp and helped bomb it reddit basically crashed the stock market to send a message it's tumblr's turn to redeem itself
I know this is off topic but I just bought the new cock destroyer 3000 and it’s sick af my guy
Wanna see me do it again
Imagine being this late...
Reddit didn’t almost crash the economy. Hedge funds almost crashed the economy.
Whos gonna tell em
due to the growing awarness that we can now cyberbully multibillion dollar companies, the 19 yo army also started endlessly reposting pewds disstrack that was removed by youtube. if reddit and youtube get together we could also kill tiktok and EA. GAMERS UNITE
this video:exists the GME second sqozening: im about to make this mans whole video irrelevant.
The squeeze has not been squoze man. You bought the hedge funds narative. It will go up a lot more this time.
You got one thing wrong. There is zero coordination. We just like the stock.
https://youtu.be/DvGpeg4YMlw
we havent lost yet
Reddit: Wanna see me do it again?
As from a financial market, i know it's greatly explained.💥👏
you guys should probably check gme stock price like right now, no like really do it
the goat is back
This should be updated to “How Reddit could STILL crash the market” LETS GO BOYS
Man, talking about all these greedy rich old men make me thankful we have Mr.Beast.
I shorted 70 shares of GameStop at $190
Hell yeah i was in the gamestop squeeze. It's happening again btw. EVERYONE GET IN
Soon after this video was uploaded, the price of Gamestop stock has increased from $40/share to over $90/share as of posting this comment ..... coincidence??
Why was the gamestonk tweet not included?
How do you know when a stock is being shorted to such extremes?
gme at 166 now!! it went up 103% just today
when game stop is going up again 😂
You should talk about nesstle and see how evil is there company they have killed many bablies if you dont believe me google it search we need to expose how eviil this company really is .
*Investing in crypto now should be in every wise individual list, in some months now you you’ll be ecstatic with the decision you make today*
corret me if im wrong, im sure that there have done change or will do to make sure that it can¨t never happen again
this video is doing bad
I understood absolutely none of that... guess I have to watch it again 😏
Ik
**INHALES**    *S T O N K S*
I was literally so confused when I was watching this vidXD I had never an idea that redite almost crashing the stock market with a memeXD. I think this vid should be for 18+ because small kids won't understand WTF Is going on XD. Also, who goes on a bus now? I'm curious to know.
capitalists seething
That's why I only trade in turnips
i love this subreddit
You know what, you're right, people never would have guessed that these people were going to almost crash our economy, so allow me to just call out that in the future the economy WILL crach due to reddit users and I can show everybody how I predicted the future
I dont understand anything of this This is too much business for my head This is how i see it: Wallstreet went brrrrrr
Im worried about the Pringle mans health that seems like way to much
I'm shocked no one ever saw Vlad as the villain from the start when he LITERALLY looks like the Sheriff of fucking Nottingham with the long hair and beard
People are dragging Butch Hartman and I dont know why
Really love the thumbnail, your style of animation is great, keep it up
555
We should make more rich people poor it's funny.
I need a part 2 of this, please...
Ape together strong
Wow Andrei. Your videos feel like they are 5 minutes long even though they are 10 because they ARE SOOO GOOOOODD!!!!
The detail in musks face
Ralph Breaks the Internet? Nah I prefer The Internet Breaks the Stock Market
This was so long ago...
1:59 hl3 2023 confirmed
I dont watch you a whole lot, but thank you for giving me and millions of others unbiased news and information, even though most of the time it’s about some un relevant pop culture. Again, thank you.
The funny thing is that a 11 kid got more then 3k from game stop
this video is funny   edit: i edited the word so it is correct edit: i misspelt edit so i edited it
Sadly it wasn't the little guy but only new billioners like elun musk and mediums seize companies who bought the stocks, the reddid acted more as an advert of some kind and a kickstarter. If it was the little guy who was winning why did elun musk support them if not to profit from it. It was interesting but it should target all businesses not just the old guard. Liberals vs concervatives, with neither side being for the little guy. Also altogether investment is a horrible thing as you invest into businesses and earn money the workers make so you steal from them.
made 30k+ invested 100$ + 50$ a little l8er coud have made 40k+ if i waited a little more but i was expecting the drop a little to soon also coud have bought more when it was around 20$
You explained short selling incorrectly. You're the one borrowing the shares, not lending them out. Then you sell them, and when the price goes down, you buy them back and give them to the person you borrowed from. You explained that when you short sell, you're letting someone borrow, which is incorrect.
Wait, you're Romanian?
Redditors: stonks .
I'm gonna need a better explanation on what short selling is, cuz I didn't get any of that
i've finally understood some of this story. Wow
Hey I have a video idea you could do it is about these weird channels that use go animate or vyond making these weird grounded videos you do not have to if you do not want to just a suggestion
Belle Delphine is also a topic to talk about due to body shaming and injustice from her content and other people's contents
Id like to see a part 2 after the squeeze reaaally squeezes and taking into account the congress hearing
The stock started going to the moon again a few hours ago
Me who barely knows anything about the meanings of most words in this video and basically knows nothing about the stock market: hmm yes, interesting
My friend invested 3k in and came out with 150$
It's happening again!
AND WERE DOING IT AGAIN
Elon musk will Fuel my nightmares forever
Interesting you posted this today after a few calm weeks. GME is up 300% !
Millionaires when they manipulate the stock market: don’t worry it’s fine Meanwhile and everybody else manipulate the stock market Millionaires:Hey stop that that’s illegal
This video: *comes out* Me: *checks GameStonk*  It’s all coming together.
i like these new transitions better
*It's beautiful*
Alot of viewers aren't in the US  **smiles in US**
lmao the prigles man
I think everyone knows Gamestop. We even have it in Germany
I just saw its actually a newer vid
Kinda ironic I got a etoro investment ad on this video
I didn't know that this was happening or happened
They didnt almost crash the economy, the bastards at wallstreet and our government did. they simply copied their tactics.
Stonks
Praise God
GME exploded again 2/24/21
Can you do a video on why Elon Musk isn’t a “good billionaire”
How much money did y’all lose?
I did know there were something going on with Gamestop nd stuff but wow that's WILD. It good to see that the people can scared the crap out of those millionnaires
The world will never be the same
You know he’s smart when I don’t understand half the things he says
i hate how you portrayed reditors
I still go to GameStop online buying is boring
This is insane...
Almost?
Reddit shutdown wtf
No fuckin way I was thinking this morning hmm wonder if andrei going to do the GameStop topic today and fucking behold
Great timing!!
clickbait title  brobably get mad views, but oh man does what it implies upset me...  the hedge funds should never have shorted the stock so much in the first place.  _They_ were manipulating the market, and everybody else caught on and got upset.  Reddit didn't almost crash the economy, the decisions and actions of the hedge funds did.  and then to try and minimize the losses they collaborated to limit buying but not selling  in order to artificially drive the price back down
Before you buy into the silly narrative about reddit traders taking down evil hedge funds who are manipulating the market, try to get at least a baseline understanding of how the stock market works. The amount of content creators, including Andrei Terbea now, who have made wildly uninformed and irresponsible videos about this is insane. For example, we now have people claiming that short selling is immoral, or even a crime. In reality short sellers are essential to a functioning market, without them stocks would be infinitely run up in share price and the whole system wouldn't function. The stuff about robinhood stopping people from buying GME is even more unfounded. If you want to learn more, here is a google doc that goes into it all: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1nFKt9Vd7bYsVSCIDwbXxrtUFTuJEFJbiOpEAgc2uw5k/edit
I didn't even know this was going on....huh.
For everyone that does not live in America game stop today is more about stuff that isn’t video games than actual games
Robinhood: "You either die a hero or live long enough to see yourself become the villain"
almost? It haven't even started yet
Hey Andrei I was wondering if u can talk about the lovely peaches timeline u can call it (lovely peaches has gone to far)
You know i Think They should change the name from robinhood to sherif of Notingham
The economy being dependant on the Stock Market is just dumb
Reddit doesn’t exist anymore...
Bravo frate! Esti unul dintre preferatii mei. Super calitate in tot ce faci.  Great content!
funny that this vid comes out on the day GME rockets again...
the pringles and monoply man look so good animated
Game stop I am so happy 😀😀😀😀😀😀😀🎊🎊🎊🎊💵
Can you do a video about the new carson's drama?  We need someone to give us a whole view about this situation
Oh btw from now on il literaly hate the monopoli man lol-
"I like the stock."
And on february 24th, 2021. Gamestop stock went from $44.70 value per stock on opening, to the closing $91.71 value. History is repeating itself from January 2021. What this means is, those hedge funds are STILL holding their shorts, and redditors are STILL holding their stock and not selling.
6:52 its an inside joke
reddit sucks
Crashing again
2:31, i rlly like it how Andrei literaly put only ppl, with moustaces to reprezent the rlly rich ppl lol
Andrei because of you reddit crashed again...
thanks for the vid, i never really knew about the situation
honestly i hope they are successful
Apes together strong
InTeReStInG
it's back
The issue is wall street just continued to squeeze game stop knowing it was going down eventually and this made them their money back and then some. So really reddit didn't do much
Rich people: You should invest in stocks Reddit: Invests in stonks Rich people: *Thats not how you’re supposed to play the game*
I feel like reddit used 99% of their power and 1% of their users
That thumbnail is beautiful.
I guess redditors do contribute to society
Damn
Pringes are Cannibals, i knew it XD
Here when GME stocks are up 100% again 🤪
okay but i love how the pringles guy just doesn’t stop chewing, no matter what lmaoo
im boutta show this to my school teacher
Redditors: increase stock market value  Robinhood: *thomas had never seen such a mess*
"exploiting every loophole, dodging every obstacle  They're penetrating the bureaucracy"
chill with the ads..
Does this mean they're going to take Redditers more serious now? 🤣
To be honest, I don't believe meritocracy is realistically possible in any non-theoritical situation.
Old people: just invest and get rich I did it! People: ok *invest and get rich* Old people: EWWWW GOVERNMENT  WE NEED YOU
I remember seeing that meme of one of those billionaires crying on live TV and saying "this is all a ploy to hurt the rich, you monsters"
Well men let’s crash the stock market again
Rich people: Normal people should invest! Rich people after normal people invest: Normal people should not invest, they almost crashed the stock market! Normal people: OK lol, (invests 14 milion dollars in game stop)
This is so cool and I think the stock market is really really intriguing
At what point did they almost crash the economy? At which point was any part of the economy at risk?
WAIT IM NOT THE ONLY ROMANIAN THAT LOVES TO ANIMATE I NEGVER KNEW YOU WERE ROMANIAN
I appreciate this video as it's not just a retelling of what happened, but why it was important and what it means to the rest of the U.S.
HOLD THE STOCK!
power to the playas
It's not over yet boys FUCKING HOLD
'Economy' is a bit much, what a clickbait
Like our Game freak in Germany
Who would win  Wall Street billionaires  VS  A bunch of redditors that call stocks stonks
Yes
Ah... Andrei, I've missed you...
mmm yees mone good
I wonder what Reddit’s next target is gonna be?
andrei's channel is like the history channel at 3AM, you just found random crazy stuff but it's still as interesting as any random commentator and by that i mean andrei is the best
4 mid roll ads geez
*Big stonks*
I hate that reddit acts like they all did something when in reality a small ass persentage of people actually did anything
History books in 2045:  In 2021, a group of redditors from the website Reddit, by the name of deeznutsxX, myballzbig and many others almost crashed the stock market.
In Canada game stop is called EB GAMES
Game-Stonks
Not a single mention of our boi DeepFuckingValue
Funny part is, after this video dropped. The Tendies have increased
wtf this thing happened a month ago
imagine studying the stock market for literal years and losing billions to people who call them stonks
Andrei gives me the 2x the braincells I lost‚ I become smarter
Memes are goated
Dude... TBH, I like buying physical copies of games, so if they go out of business... I dunno what I’ll do
I like you animate this story it was great to watch.
0:04 It's confirmed... You live in Romania! I'm Romanian! Cooli never thought an animator would be from Romanian like me... I live in the UK though but i have Romanian roots. Most of my family is from Romania.
Ys Bois
💕
“Maybe the real stock market crash was the memes we made along the way” ~ A redditor, 2021
M E M E S
Just saying the outro alone made me subscribe.
I understood NOTHING but 2 things Billioners are assholes And if the internet wants to be,it can be powerful
Yay! I get to learn what shorting is for the hundredth time
it sucks that these take so long cause everyone  usually is tired of hearing about the certain topic by the time you’re able to upload them
I’ve never been more proud of reddit
so, how did the pringles affect the stocks??
Gamestonks
Damm we rich
bring back the cowboy sound effect
Haha he said cum.
Seeing your perspective on this was really awesome! Living through it in the USA was funny/scary. It's great to see people realizing their collective strength, but also so sad to see just how much of our countries decisions have been made solely to benefit the few who stay rich.
They got what they deserved
I was looking for an explanation. IT was all over the internet and i didn.t know what happend. So thanks, now i know
can you do something about dummies and masks?! thanksssss
Moni
quantity over quality I suppose
Never heard about this never needed to but glad I did
In Australia we have ebgames
New video
Can You Please Do A Video On The New CallMeCarson Drama?
Oh sugar honey ice tea. 🙂✋
No one:  Reddit: wE DiD iT rEdDiT
Amazing video
One of the hedge fund characters looks like the pringles mascot
god bless the internet
You finally uploaded!! I was waiting for you desperately love your content!!
my guys animation is so good its satisfying
Why dose he have only one nostril 4:10
God this is like WW2 type of madness from the axis main country, the 3rd reich
can i talk about the callmecarson situation 👀 i wanna hear what u think
Dont listen to the ads you get from this video
This is the most beautiful and awesome example of “Apes together strong”
Robin Hood: let them trade Redditors: *This is some real gourmet shit* Robin Hood and GameStop: Execute order 66
Imagine getting bankrupted by someone that posts memes
Robinhood didn't stood on the side of "the big money". They stood on the side of the GLOBAL ECONOMY that the retards on Reddit were jeopardising. It's very fun to see Edge Funds lose money on speculation HOWEVER, GameStop is a real company, with real people employed. Just like the other companies targeted by that misguided and childish campaign. By overvaluing the stocks, those people were jeopardising not only the financial stability of the companies being targeted but also their very existence. What happens to a company if all the shareholders, seeing the huge increase value of its shares, decided to sell them? Where will that company get financing from? And if they no longer can get financing from the market...what do you think happens to the company? Exactly. They close and fire a bunch of people that the State will then have to support. More unemployment. Not to mention the people who invest in companies responsibly to generate income for a retirement, can be also f*cked in the process.  I don't know what will happen in the future, but I have a feeling it'll be more government control over the Free Market. Which is what some of those commies on Reddit actually intended. Alternatively, barriers to entering the stock market might be put in place...meaning the "little people" will be prevented from accessing it altogether, closing high finance even more around "the big guys".
10/10 thumbnail would stare at all day
I have been waiting for a videos but I understand that it takes a long time to animate    THANKS 💙💙💙💙💙💙
The Redditor’s banding together to influence the stock market be like: Ape... Together... *StRoNg*
In simple terms , what comes around goes around
It’s exactly what the investment companies have been doing since the 80’s together manipulating the stock as a collective group behind closed doors, so the Reddit group were imitating the same tactics and the firms didn’t think for some reason could be done outside their companies
Hello
This is lowkey embarrassing but i didn't understand a single thing said in this video
This is how you actually "redistribute wealth." Not by raising taxes on the rich. We the people have the power, we just have to be smart enough to use it.
I AM A ROBOT 🤖
I know how it feels to crash a country’s economy I did it multiple times.
respect romania
Massive 🅱️ruh moment
im so dumb that i couldn't even understand the simple explanation on the stock market
HOLD!!!!!
Lol I live in the USA, uhhh, GameStop is really overpriced. Oh and you can trade in games, but they give you like $15.90 for a $60 game.
Rip GameStop
They underestimated the power of the internet haha
Yay
Investors: *Haha, we're making so much money!*  Internet: *Hippity Hoppity we're about to destroy your monopoly.*
Amazing video Andrei. Very well-explained. In my dictionary stock market = gambling. So I stay far away from it 😅😜
How do you make the monopoly and pringles guy look so evil?
I did not participate my best friend actually did and he wanted me to help too still i rejected and now hes the one with the profit and i feel like a dumbass xD
Haha you're kinda late, but cool video as always
Michael Jackson: We are the world 🌎 We are the people 👭👫 🎶 Reddit users: Yes!
This is serious and all but can we talk about the stonks face?
Buy at almost the peak, then don't sell -My winning strategy
I hate when average redditers decide they were apart of this and act like they did something when in reality it was a small group of people with no relation other than the app it was done on
Next stop, GameStop
Finally the King has returned
the stock market does not represent the economy so a bit of a clickbait title
Now i have to wait another month for a banger.
"How Reddit almost CRASHED the Economy with a meme." I know clickbait titles are a staple of YouTube...but the economy didn't even come close to crashing.
Buy moar stocks in the future when us Gen Z finally have financial stability and money to get :DD
Esti singur youtuber roman care face content de calitate
sounds like that one meme you guys always act like your better than me or something!
I always knew Redditors would make the stock market crash.
"Whenever you feel useless, just remember that white pencils like me exist."
Hi
Man 1: "Hey want to destroy the economy." Man 2: "Eh... why not?"
1. I don't think it's fair to give all the credit to reddit users. Reddit user DeepFuckingValue was invested in GME since last year. The price went up in January because three people were added to the GameStop corporation board of directors including Ryan Cohen, co-founder of Chewy. Reddit certainly helped propel it though. 2. I feel like the issue of liquidity was glossed over a bit. Robinhood physically couldn't keep up with the requirements. It wasn't just Robinhood either, several other brokerages did the same.
I didn't think I would be immersed in a non comedy animation video
Tht last timelapse of him drawing tht guy was satisfying af
This is extreme. This IS a pro gamer move
Ten minute video, good work
Unde sunt romanii?
The government is currently being bankrolled to suppress the individual investors. It's gonna be a pretty interesting 4 years for Biden, his administration's pr is already bad, this will solidify his legacy as a puppet for Wallstreet if he comes out to support.
Finish the fight
Robin Hood isn't a hero because he "stole from the rich and gave to the poor"- hes a hero because HE TOOK BACK THE TAX MONEY THAT WAS STOLEN FROM THE PEOPLE BY THE RULING CLASS SCUM AND GAVE IT BACK TO THEM.
TL DR:  Reddit saves gamestop
Done to them that they have done to others for years, And now there trying to change the rules because there own "rules" backfired
They trying to kill game stop the ones who let us play demos like 7 years ago let’s make them lose billions lol
When the world needed him the most he returned...
sadly seems like that hearing was full of how can you prevent "social media" from manipulating the stock market this may be the last we see as now these guys are going to be focused on putting plants in groups like wall st bet to monitor them
People have always held the power to overpower the people at the top   Now with the internet this fact is more well known and obvious and this just showed the world the potencial of the people
We did it reddit!!
boy, am i glad i listened to my fellow redditors.
Round 2?
if redditors managed to crash the economy ill still laugh
They didn't almost "crash" anything. A stock market crash is a completely different scenario from what happened.
haha s this why everyone kept saying this was the best time to get into stock markets?
In certain parts of the video, the way Andrei describes it sounded like the french revolution for some reason to me
Thank you for making this!!!!!
Never been into stocks and seeing my friends around me getting hyped over investing and shit makes me feel like I’m  losing out cos idk how investing works. Glad this video exist because I understand better now
Hehehehe.... I love the internet so much.
REMOVE GAME STOP EXSISTENCE
Fascinating indeed! Wanted to get into stocks for a long time. This did help me realize that there is a place for "common folk" on the stockmarket, so that's nice.
I knew it mr. monopoly and mr. Pringles are working together with hedge funds thanks for clearing that up
Ayoooo he’s back
5:54 yay west chester pa made it into the news and into this video
He forgot to say "A bunch of *white* billionaires sitting around with cigars"
Bad explanation.
"Let the people trade"  people:ok *  trade * Robinhood: no
Ah yes the true power of memes
Surprised you didn’t make this sooner
1:05 Where is the music? The music was amazing
It was hilarious to watch hedge fund managers go on TV and ASK FOR REGULATIONS.
It's not about the money, It's about sending a message
I wish I’d Invested
I bought 2 shares at 150 and havent sold. I consider that money gone like money lost on a night of poor decisions lol. Though still not selling
I was so confused thanks for explaining
Faria lima bets is the best subreddit
i live in usa gamestop is my favorite place to go its like Disneyland for gamers
I have no idea what's going on
Alternate Title: Reddit makes Wall Street go Not Stonks
On your video the add i got was for Hedges... not Hedge funds... like actual green growing live hedges XD
I still dont understand stock market and for me its rocket science
They didn’t “crash” the economy. They simply manipulated the stock price to make hedge funds loose money
The Internet can do things.         **eherghm** *_if they agree, which is less common than desired_*
hello andrei how
I’m from the United States. What’s a bus?
Reddit together strong lol
I thought that this Video is About Dogecoin
I’m a mod on wsb and I remember while I was scrolling before it all happened I had seen all the posts about how everyone should buy and I ended up buying around 300$ worth and now I have a new car, thanks Reddit
Dream: i saw that one on reddit
Never heard of that I think I truly live in a cave
România?😃
oh no what have they done to my boi to see you need to go to 5.34 of the wid
A little late don’t you think?
Best animation channel 100 percent
Ironic an app called Robinhood essentially stolen from the poor
Andrei: Sorry my videos take a while...            Me: GIVE.  ME.    CONTENT.
Bro because of the topic of this video there’s a million ads on how to make money fast
Ultimate stonks
welp sux to be an animator cuz ur late i guess :/
Btw do the pyro Ivory situation
did anyone else get so much ad's in this video?
I wish I had money to invest😪Am broker than my broken heart
GameStonks
Billionaires: try to trade Reddit: *does well* Billionaires: This is not how you’re supposed to play the game
Bassically     Yeah
I like how wilfur is flipping us off at the end 😂😂
Sounds like something that reddit is capable of lol
2:03 Man as in Mann, the surname
I understood yolo
Eat your cereal
NOT REDDIT USERS redditors want to take credit for what WSB did
România are ce bun pe platfurma asta
16,038th!
Andrei: Talks about economy and how money making works in companys Me: *Brain gets burned*
I GOT AN AD ABOUT HEDGES WHILST YOU’RE ON ABOUT HEDGE FUNDS I CBA
Stonks
LMAO I JUST put in 20 bucks got back 800 and reddit only used one percent of its power, rivaling shaggy that migt have had to use 1.1 of his power.
funny thing, this was all done by elon musk making incredibly smart bots to make hundreds of millions in just a few days
Andrei pls make video about Russian u tuber A4 copying Mr beast
So...Stoncks
Nice Andre I thought you were quitting YouTube 😥 wouldn't want that to happen.
You forgot to mention that Robinhood not only restricted buying but also forced its users to sell the stock instead of holding them.
Blin this is awesome.
reddit users like always are the kings of the online world from the damn stock market to fliping club pengwin
INVEST IN GAMESTOP
for the past couple of days i was rewaching your content all over again..... thank u for another awsome vid.
So the stock market is the Illuminati?
Our teachers said we couldn’t do anything by sitting around all day at our computers. Now we have proved we have the power
i barely know anything from stock market stuff, and the only thing that taught me about it was that one "stonks" video from tim
STILL HOLDING  ONE HAND ON MY STOCK THE OTHER ON MY BALLS
I like the stock
Rich assholes: try to use the bankruspcy of a store to get even more rich Reddit: So you have chosen death
I live in Balkan too
robinhood is not the bad guy. if the stock market crashed we could have another great depression
This is why I love Reddit
Y2K:  *AM I A JOKE TO YOU?*
People winning money or talking about serious stuff but the names they have...
Its just like when your younger brother finds out that his controller isnt connected and gets revenge
I've seen a lot of videos talking about this topic, but your video is BY FAR the best I've seen. It gave a background on the most relevant parts and the resume of the whole ordeal was concise. Really good video 👌🏼
Renditions in 2020 thinking about how to flip 2020 and 2021 even more with a single move Also redditors: im about this groups career
I got three words short squeeze peta
Oh yeah I totally understand (me not knowing what reddit is)
°
Yay new vid
What's game stop or is it gay stop XD
Stock market doesn’t always represent the economy  in my knowledge though I learnt it from a youtuber called economics explained and maybe from plain bagel.
Is supposed to be a *free market
Rich people: you're not supposed to do that!!
"heres why and how all of this happened" *ADS*
Bruh ,dis cool
The only fun thing to come out of this year so far
Billionaires: We are gonna take their video games! Gamers on Reddit: and I took that peronaly
rich people: Where did my money go ??? redditors: *Gone, reduced to atoms*
Epic video 😎
Andrei great video, but I think it should be made a bit more clear why Robinhood banned the trading. They didn't do it to intentionally stop people from trading. Essentially, even time somebody buys a stock, it doesn't process right away. Robinhood still has to find a seller and have the transaction go through. Now, the buyer doesn't want the transaction to just fall through if the trader on Robinhood decides to just pull out of the deal. Therefore, Robinhood is required to put up some of their own cash as a failsafe just in case the trader pulls out. If Robinhood does not put up this cash, nobody can trade, and none of the traders would have actually been able to buy Gamestop stock. However, so many people were buying Gamestop stock that Robinhoid was required to put up 3 billion dollars in 12 hours, which was money that they didn't have. So instead of forcing everyone to cancel all of their orders for stock, they just temporarily banned trading. In actuality, Robinhood was protecting the people's right to trade, as it was insuring that the people who had already bought their gamestop stock would still receive it.
imagine getting an amc ad in the middle of this video
Gamestop even exists in Austria so you don't have to be american
8:02 A chance of Market crash because of GameStop? you just wanted to discourage the common folk.
Hey I get your videos are hard to make and you post only like once a month but I would mind listening to you while you simply draw
https://www.twitch.tv/kapono2 blow him up for a cookie
In Wales there is a literally a store called Game.
bruh
Small people together strong.
There are still people that say that reddit isn't popular
Good video
Hey gamestop was pretty good till 2010, that is when it really started going down
Andrei I highly recommend you to send Wilfer to  a law school .  So next time you can take advice for him and not get into any trouble
I was waiting for the next vid
#holdtheline
You need to talk about how the Paul brothers are ruining the boxing community especially jake
and the twitter checkmark journalists trying to say how this is gamergate 2.0 or some dumb stuff like that
As a  young kid game stop still is involved with my life
I'm so familiar with gamestop. I liked it, then their business model made me make it what it is today. A place that is nearly a barren wasteland.
they did crash it, they crashed the perception of it at least.
Anderi: Talks About The Stock Market Me: I Literally Don't Want To *FRICKING* Go To 5th Grade Social Studies Class Again Please Stop *PLEASE*
Ape together strong
Someone could explain the stock market to me at least 10 times and I would still be lost
This is proof that the power still lie with the common people.
No idea what you’re talking about, but nice vid
Get duuunked on!
I love you andrei
Honestly. The internet outnumbers those who are going to have billions. They are going to be overran one day or another.
another gold moment from andrei
Why does that blond guy look like Adam Conover (Adam already ruined the economy)
I know I do not want to stop the David v Goliath mood, I truly support the common people, But the reason that Robinhood stopped GameStop trading to a extent was that it didn't have any money/collateral to pay the clearances for stocks bought to the DTCC, it essentially means that the broker (Robinhood) has to pay a fee and have high enough collateral to prove that they have assets to trade the stocks, but since the stocks of GameStop were being bought at absurd amounts, Robinhood simply did not have enough collateral to prove their assets. And were not able to pay the fees. Hence the cash injection. If I explained this wrong or didn't explain it clearly anyone in the replies can do so.
WE WON'T LET GAMESTOP DIE!!! or whatever is happening...
yessir
I love your vids
He is back baby...
Togheter we wield a considerable amount of power towards anything but i guess that will take a lot more time to be realised since everyone wants to be at the top of everything 9:25
Amazing video, you are amazing at telling these stories and I can’t get enough! Keep being great
This was amazing! My request for the next video is either the Pyro or Carson situation
This is why I love reddit
those who controls the meme controls the economy
YEAAAAH ANDREI POSTED
YES! ANOTHER UPLOAD!
“Steal from the poor and give to the rich”  -Ze hedge funds
oh so this is why my local game stop disappeared
AYYYEE🕺🏾🕺🏾
There is nothing more manipulative about shorting in so far as the act of selling is manipulative. You simply stand to gain but that in and of itself does not change future developments in for favour.
Invested 10000 rupees (about 130 dollars) in GameStop and earned nearly 1.25 corore rupees (about 173000 dollars)
The only time redditors looked cool!
I dont really think you know what you talking about
Can we just appreciate the stonks meme in here 5:33
Haha stocks go brrrrrrrrr
nExT wE  sHod tAkE dOnW eA
Wtf you guys don't have to wear masks in the bus?!
Finally he posted but it takes a lonv time to create  an animation ✌
Finally he posted but it takes a lonv time to create  an animation ✌
In short, rich people who work in the market are crap scumbags. Not all, but most of them.
5:44 wait most of his views are not in the us
I watched you a year ago came back and I feel like you didn't like change and i respect that
Our memes are too powerful
its nice to see what we created in a terbea video
The goat has returned
I was wating for You to make this video
The dislikes are wallstreet, change my mind
Billionares:evil Robinhood:evil Humanity:     Still evil
What happened to the GameStop  I don’t know but once I learn what happened I’ll become big brain
Yeahs
'If you go on a bus,'  Yeah right...
Yes.
Noooo thats not true! You cant short 140% of the existing stocks. They actually shorted 140% of the circulating stocks. Thats a difference.
lets break the market bois
Andrei I missed you some much.....  Love you ❤❤
so many ads
Here's when i realize i live under a rock, because i knew nothing about this.
I thot andrei terbea died 1 month ago
This is the first time i hear about this and i dont understand stonks or whats going on, but if the rich ppl get poorer and the poor get richer im happy.
I turned $60 into $130. I had a whole share and sold it after the first peak. If I had just held I could’ve made nearly $400 in profit 😔
This is soo big that as your reading this a movie about this is being created
I think that the hedge funds are to blame. Ty=hey drove down buissness after buisness and finally got what they deserved at the expense of billions and Robinhood.
I really didn't understand this at first thx for explaining the situation.
damn thats how long it took to make this video
a nother like
like
“Power to the player”-GameStop
Andrei is my favorite YouTuber that comes from my country.
Ayy fresh vid
Look who is back
almost isn't good enough
Hey Andrei, could u please make a video on maximillianmus.
gamestook
I remember my stepdad telling me about how he was part of this team of rediters that are going to stick it to the man a week before this happened
Me who read the title: Wait WHAT?!
economics
😂 the Pringles guy and the Monopoly guy!! Dying over here! 😂😂😂
We need more Wilfur bro
ngl reddit is in the wrong here too.
When Andrei makes a Pringles character LOL I am dying
Oh finally now I can understand all those reddit memes
Yea but tesla is incredibly overrated and it will never ever be worth that
Lol
In my place the news was brought as (Translated) "Internet beat the stock market by buying Video game store stocks" Believe me we are confused AF since  1.It is surprising that it is The Internet not a Company that beat the stock market, we legit thought the news are talking about google. 2.in my nation there is no dedicated video game store chain so we thought the internet bought a random small video game store stocks and somehow break the stock market .
wait a minute... you live in Romania?! Your accent sound almost completely American that I've always thought you were American 😅
Am i the only one, who at the end of the video, dance along with them?😂
U guys think it’s over 😂
Please make more videos! I love ‘em so much and can you give me a shoutout
Old news man
The stock market is just gambling but without the alcohol and fancy lights
I’m not an expert but I think short selling is actually when you borrow shares, sell them immediately, and buy them back at a lower price to give them back. Pls correct me if I’m wrong.
Let's be real though, Reddit is still a cispool of crybabies. All the praise for this 'movement' should be only given to the subreddit of r/wallstreetbets.
i liked the draw more than the subject... i got distracted by it
The Wall Street bets guy looks like how we feel when we get $10 as a kid
1,510 to comment! I’m stretching it aren’t I?
VIVA LA RESISTANCE!
TLDR: some people on reddit said stocks go brrr and bought a ton of stonks at once and made hedge funds lose money
Lol amazing video
Damn,im early
Great & informative
Mwaahha
Hi
I still don't get it
I saw this in my notifcations and went "oh hell yeah"
If one thing goes in 25 other things about S T O N K S goes out
I didnt even know this happened. THIS GUY JUST BLEW MY MIND!!!
tooo many fucking ads!
Monopolymen: EARN your money by trading stocks! Pff, poor people. Working Class: *does exactly that* Monopolymen: wait no we weren't being serious
lol
everyone already knew.     GAMESTOP.
this is why i want reddit but mom said no reddit
69k views
eat the rich
I am, in fact, early. You do, in fact, not care
Does buying a old ds game count as contributing
FINALLY A NEW VIDEO!
yoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
gotta love that oddly satisfying joke. it flowed s well that it was oddly satisfying
One hour late duh!
Well, it was against *ONE* hedgefund. In fact, many hedge funds actually PROFITED from all of this.
We did it boys Andrei uploaded
One hour late duh!
This is crazy
dude this topic is dead , i understand drawing this takes a while but i think u should take on some topic that still has relevance after a long time , like some drama on yt .these topics age like milk and this vid is bound to top out at like 2 mil views , just constructive criticism from a  fan i hope u can take it like it was intended . and not be discouraged or angry .the video itself is high quality as expected though .
lol how are you still this wrong after being this late to post the video? its really sad to see such big creators spreading this blatant bullshit
Rich people: its free economy. People: *trade* Rich people: umm not for you.
Hi ( * 3 * )
oooooooOOOoooOOoo andrei could you do one on the whole coco situation with pewdiepie? i just really wanna hear your thoughts on it, similar to the leafy incident. i’m just really intrigued on what your take on it is. i dunno if you take suggestions but it’d be cool if you did!
andrei I know that your's videos takong alot of time but why every 2 min I have an ad
2:33 The Monopoly man and the Pringles man huh?
More like /biz/
As a finance student, you nailed it explaining in the lawmen language. Appreciate your work!❤️
I want a new world order and this was the first step <3 (and stiiillll Americans think this is somehow only their thing)
One thing that everyone should know is that short selling not only is wrong but it's also illegal in several countries due to the wrongful nature of that action
my thought is:viva la revolution!
I learn about the same amount of stuff (if not more) from his videos than i do school
Let's go diamond hands! Hold to the moon! 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Honestly? Good for them for coming together like this. My brother was certainly jealous that he didn't get involved. That being said, I don't really want the stock market to crash since we saw how well that went last time with the Great Depression, so I understand why Robinhood did what they did. No need to make 2021 even worse than 2020.
Every month it feels like this guy quit YouTube and then he comes back like nothing happened
Jesus is coming back !!  Repent of your sins its never too late to accept Jesus in your life . but don't wait until is too late  For God so loved the world that he gave his only son,that whoever believes in him should not perish but have eternal life john 3;16 The wages of sin is death, but the free gift of God is eternal life in Christ Jesus our lord  Romans 6;23 This world is only temporary but the kingdom of God  is forever
Where’s the western music 🎶
Ahh yes the animating god is back good vid mate
Pringles joke lol
If you feel bored, read American news...
Economic war is changing the world in a nightmare for people who want to start businesses jeez that's alot
This guy is from romania and no one notice that
A moment of silence for my family when they heard me screaming O POSTAT ANDREI TERBEA
Dude ur about 2 weeks late lol
Can we just take into account how fluent Andrei speaks English despite being from Romania?
he is back boys
So we got from attacking classified GOVERMENT properties to crashing THE STOCKMARKET.
kkkk
Good Video, keep it up
Robinhood really went from robinhood to robbin’ the hood :(
1784 that’s a long time ago!
Today as a 15 year old teen, i am learning about economy and i understand nothing
this video went above my head because I'm under age to understand all these things😓😓😓😓😵😵😵
Companys: gamestop is going to be bankrupt  Reddit: uno reverse card
This just shows:  Our so called lazy asses on reddit can make billionaires go bankrupt without leaving our gaming chairs.   And they said we couldn't do it.
Invest In Spiff Coin Today!!!!
Gamestop: I'm dying  Redditors: on your feet soldier were leaving
2:45 that elon musk looks like he should be in a meatcanyon video lol
Who else hates being to young to buy stocks :(
Counter Attack!
Reddit moment.
Reddit: users I am inevitable
Imagine being late like me
Why do we need tv when reality is so entertaining
Este es un momento certificado de Reddit aquí. Una grande reddit momento.
I was born in the 2000s and I grew up going to gamestop on occasions just looking around and seeing what's available
Andre still remembers the og Mr. Pringle. Rip Mr. Pringle
ReDdiT  s t o n k s
Dude plz heart my comment
2:58 monopoly and Pringles fighting each other
This event in time is probably gonna be in the history books in a few decades lol
Apes together strong
Everyone keeps saying "Reddit crashed the stock market" and "Wall street bets crashed the stock market" which is not entirely true. I use Reddit and read this in a comment under a meme from an experienced user. What he basically said was: not the whole subreddit was responsible for this. It was only a couple of users who actively trade in the stock market and have financial degrees and jobs. They planned the whole thing out to make money. They got the whole community to buy the stocks so that then they could sell them at enormous prices to make loads of money. It may have cost billionaires a bunch of money but the main purpose of the event was that a couple of users would buy so much stock and tell the rest of the community to do as well just so they can then sell them.
I'm still holding.
What happened with Robinhood's shut down was a little more complicated then "caving to the hedge funds". A lot of the Redditors were buying GameStop stock on margin, which is an IOU. Robinhood buys the stock on behalf of the user before they actually have the money from the user. This is done through third party clearing house and as part of the agreement Robinhood has to keep a certain percentage of cash-to-debt on hand to cover their margins. When Redditors started buying GameStop like crazy, Robinhood's percentage dropped too low which is why they needed $2.4 billion cash injection to keep operating. The COO of Robinhood got a call from their clearing house at 6am telling him that Robinhood needed to come up with over $3 billion dollars that day or they weren't going to let Robinhood trade anymore, they were able to negotiate a lower payment. To stop this from happening again, it put Robinhood in an awkward position stop the buying of GameStop and other targeted stocks or their third party was going to stop their users from buying any stock.  Robinhood is doing a lot of good things and the fact the Reddit was even able to start a short squeeze is incredible. The problem is that Robinhood just didn't have the capital to cover all the buying by the users and this wasn't a situation that the relatively small trading company was equipped for.
Bruh this is already over GME is 40$ rn you are late af
I WAS WAITING SILENTLY FOR THIS LOL
why pringle
Thank god, I finally understand what happened about all the GameStop stuff
I’m ngl I was lost at first until I watched this video I started to understand everything so thank you~
I love how Wilfur is flipping us off in the end
lit
Nice.
Communism
Buy SONM today!!! And hold 4 weeks, the more you invest today at low price the more you profit in coming weeks.  No need for trading!  like planting a seed, LET it GROW 🌱
Why does he always talk about stuff I have never heard of and then I feel so not up to date hahaha  Thanks for the vids Andrei
Stonks
Can you do one on how that vegan teacher got deleted
Hey Andrei!  You got a new subscriber here. You are a great animator ! I was waiting so long for you to post a video. But after I started animating I now knew how hard it is to animate. I really appreciate your efforts. You inspired me. You really deserve 100 million subscribers. What a good guy you are!!
Hero’s ever last one of them
The billionares got skooled thats what.
I havent heard of this
Reddit invest in Gamestop:  STONKS   Gamstop still going bankrupt  Reddit:  I SAID STONKS
Andrei, stop trying to start world war 4 in new and interesting ways.
I still have a bunch of Game Stop gift card I NEED TO USE EM FAST
4:38 "This time next year we'll be millionaires" -Del Boy, Only Fools and Horses
9:02 lol no all the allegations are baseless and are dead on arrivle, robin hood only restricted buying to liquidity issues, their not proctecting wallstreet, also the Hedge funds diddnt really loose more like 1 or 2 and the rest are hedge funds making money off of hedge funds, most normal retailers who bought into this sht where just bag holders and got fuked
He should do a video on the dreamsmp next
I actually invested in this stock and all of the sudden my share jumps to $346 a share!!!  And then I learned about this and my parents decided to stop risking it and we made about $4,800!!!
Roses are red, Voilets are blue, *_Billionares get skooled._*
Internet : Enough power to destroy economy Billionares : Ima just ignore that
Basically the vid: stonkes
Hi
We need a vegan teacher vid like if you agree like bro shes so dumb i think it will be a good vid so like
Still am, HODL!
7:45 scared pringles
Woww
internet : buys stocks   billionares : HAAAAAAX
Are you friends with that other Romanian youtuber? You should do a collab 😊
Finally, a Andrie’s video.
Return of the king
Good vid
ANDREI IVE BEEN WAITING FOR YOU AND ASKING WHEN IS THE NEW VID!! love it andrei! Keep it up!
Honestly I think Robinhood didn't really have a choice because if he allowed buyers to keep buying and not sell them the hedgehogs might have shut the app down or something like that
Wak <3
Me, a 12 year old about to see the video: ah yes time to look at adult economics  Me after seeing the video: i-ijust-i-iwha-th-i-i WHAT!?
Hello Andrei , Video was amazing and Animation was OP . Along with these topics can you please make some on your own stories which happened in past (or some say it story time videos )  please :)
stocks be going up, stocks be going down all we know is, *_They messed up_*
basically the moral of the story: "apes together STONK"
KARMA AT ITS FINEST
Im from serbia and here it was also in the news
Billionares : Don't revive GameStop  Internet : Fine ill do it myself
Pffft... stocks. Crypto is the way to make quick short term gains
This is the world we live in, REDDIT attempting to crash the stock marketing, and they actually almost did
*An opportunity to mess with the public occurs*  Reddit:  We ArE ReaDY For DUtY
Zdravo iz Srbije
Billionares, take our advice,   YALL MESSED UP NOW BOOMERS
I just read the title and wtf happened
Dude. The world is becoming more dumb with humans around.
Lame stream media is gonna say the Wallstreets Bet Logo is gonna be hate speech like pepe the frog
Interesting
No joke, Reddit can literally kill society as we see it now
Redditers just pulled the biggest uno reverse card the stock market has ever seen
2:34 pringles
This gives me a headache...
i live in italy and game stop was also part of my childhood, ahh the memories
ngl, I had no clue about what the whole thing was about until now and im so glad that i got to know about this cuz this shits immaculate lmao
Could you make a video on Carson if you see this?
lol am vorbit despre asta le educatie sociala
Good video but you running your pc on Internet explorer or something? This happened like 4 weeks ago.
Your videos are amazing man!
All i heard was "Billionares, *_YALL MESSED UP NOW_* "
In Germany we call the people of reddit "Ehrenmänner" and i think that is sweet 🍗❤
Fun Fact: The Monopoly Man doesn’t actually have a mustache.
Redditors : Takes control of the stock market Youtubers : Milks it GameStop : Business booming  Billionares : This was not ideal.
Love it ❤️💜❤️
Your cool
YEEEES VIDEO
nice vix
We need the wild west music in the chapters again
imagine not likeing the video
I bought in amc and lost 70 dollars ... oh well
When they said that we are living in a moment in time that will go down in the history books, I didn't believe them.    Until this clusterfuck called 2020 to 2021 happened.
GameStop is still my favourite place to get games
here's a theory, is the monopoly guy the older version of the pringles guy?
Reddit's redemption arc
I am a new subscriber and I’ve been looking all of your videos waiting for a New video
5:51 I'm a 2000s kid that lives in Ireland and gamestop is over here too and I can confirm that even as a 15 year old gamestop is and was a big part of my life
Watch etu animated stories
They took "Apes together strong" to a higher level
Ne bucurăm să vedem că ai vorbit despre această situație în felul tău clasic - informativ și amuzant. Ne-ar face plăcere să vorbim cu tine despre Youtube și cariera de animator în cadrul unui episod de podcast 🎙️🤩
When we all study about these matters in deep, then deep down we all know that Thanos was right. There are just too many unpredictable people.
Finnaly a new vid  *(Excluding the “Reading too much is bad 4 u” vid)*
Pringles man eating Pringles lul
Fresh video 34 uploaded minutes ago
This gives a clear message :    *_RESPECT++ INTERNET_*
Where I live in Oklahoma, in our town a GameStop just closed down. I'm not sure, but I think it might've been purchased.
Bruh moment
They did the biggest 180 on rich slobs, now they’re making laws against this like it’s not what they’ve been doing😡 it’s FREE MARKET, this was a huge W
I still have diamond hands 💎🖐️ It ain't over til they buy all the stonks they're obligated to! Don't care if I lose money, bleed those rich pricks dry! 😤
I like how Andre uses monopoly and pringles to show how they conquer which looks like Capitalism
Seeing billionaires cry is kind of satisfying
That was really informative thanks Anderi.
what's the outro?
OOOH THAT'S A LOT OF DAMAGE   I'M CURRENTLY SILENTLY SCREAMING BC ALLERGIEEEEEES
S t o n k s
We did it, reddit
Imagine learning history and the teacher  is trying to explain how a bunch of redditors changed the economic system just because they wanted to! I'm jealous of these students!
you just got vectored
Ey gamer
This does put a smile on my face
Redditors: [does to Wall Street what Wall Street has been doing to regular people for ages] Wall Street: "You dare use my own spells against me?!"
If Andrei noticed me I will drink water 😊😊😗
Thanks for the animated breakdown 🇨🇦✌️
Vlad's interview with Elon on Clubhouse kinda shows how he was forced to put much more collateral to be able to trade than he had. It was a liquidity problem, but it was kinda artificial, done so at the behest of some three letter acronym corp I can't remember.
Bro i love your videos
Last time I was this early, I was in the NICU. lol
#early squad
Hi Andrei
Hello from Bulgaria
To the moon
Reddit really has the soul stone in this matter lol
Breaking news: fedora sales EXPLODE.
Lol why is Mr. Pringle’s included with monopoly man
*STORY* A 24 year old boy seeing out from the train’s window shouted… “Dad, look the trees are going behind!” Dad smiled and a young couple sitting nearby, looked at the 24 year old’s childish behavior with pity, suddenly he again exclaimed… “Dad, look the clouds are running with us!” The couple couldn’t resist and said to the old man… “Why don’t you take your son to a good doctor?”The old man smiled and said… “I did and we are just coming from the hospital, my son was blind from birth, he just got his eyes today".  Every single person on the planet has a story. Don’t judge people before you truly know them. The truth might surprise you. Note : Story is not written by me.  *Well my dream is to hit 10k subs, any help is much appreciated*  It takes only 5 seconds and make my day, Thank you💓💖
WHAT TOOK U SO LONG
One word millennials
stanks vs stonks
The moral of the story is Everything=MONEY MONEY MONEY MONEY:) Hope fully when I grow up I earn a lot so I can buy those barbie dolls
This is a stonks moment
I-
“These hedge funds” (Monopoly guy and Pringles guy)
I was so confused about whatever happened and as a non American the only thing that I knew about was the speculation of stock market crashing So your vid was kinda helpful   Just thinking about people mentioning it in future economic classes is lowkey funny
*IT HAS BEEN MONTHS EVEN YEARS HE FINALLY RETURNS*
6.9k likes nice
*when did this happen?*
investors: about to short stock on gamestop internet: *no*
Did anybody else get a wall street gold add in the middle of this video? LOL
“People should not be afraid of their governments. Governments should be afraid of their people.” (This could also apply to Billionaires but y'know ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ )
Op
"Robinhood? More like Robbin the hood"  ~Twitter anonymous, 2021
All things aside i got 0 ads from a high quality Andrei Terba video and that is a problem i want this guy to get money man. Youtube please fix.
Meow
Lol
Andrei you should make a video on Sabrina Carpenter and Olivia Rodrigo topic.
Yes
9:54 check Wilbur out
gamestop isnt just american its also in switzerland
never underestimate the power of the internet
🚀
Im confused did it helped Gamestop or not ?
Not going to lie in the animation it looked like the redditers where Pikmin, and in some way they are, weak by themselves but powerful together.
Is there a stock for onlyfans or xvids or the hub?
boohoo bilioners lost a couble of million dollars      like they wont make that in a weak
I like how I one day got on to Reddit and there were hundreds to thousands of memes about this event happening overnight  I, a 14 year old, had no idea what the heck was going on, I felt like that meme template that has Mr. Crabs from Spongebob look like he’s confused/having a stroke
you improved alot keep it up!
Yo the guy with a purple goose pin this comment
GameStop is also still apart of 2000s kids early childhood...
(:
To the moon 🚀🌑💎🙌
just goes to show that the "free" market doesn't exist...
i mean this is pay back for the 2008 stock crash
ok
pretty late. Good video tho
ah yes  more food for the circlejerk
using capitalism agaisnt capitalists
Dickface: buy stonks People: buy gamestop stonks  Dickface: no
History is made my brothers
Poate o sa faci un video in care vorbești în română
if the whole internet actually unites we could like do some serious damage
Yes
Honestly i expected a comment about the fake news and some very specific ads in Reddit about this topic
2:18 Pringles
Great video andrea good to see you in my notification
My brother was born in 2006 and he loves game stop
New upload let's go
It's been a will bro😂
investors: about to bankrupt gamestop internet: hippity hopity, gamestop is not your property
Stock market: **exists** Reddit:Ima bout’ to end this man’s whole career
a vid after a year
Apes together strong
AMC 🚀🚀🚀
Power to the player more like power to the people
A
Robin Hood is really robbing the hood
lol, this is the proof that *almost anyone can destroy the economy using stonks* You just need money and unity
sToNkS
If our economy is that fragile. We have a problem.
Finally a clear answer to what happened with Reddit and game stop
why were there 5 ads in the first 4 minutes :/
My mother is a wealth manager and I told her about this and she was just like “Wtf are you kids doing?”
i NEED andrei to do a video on theveganteacher cause she got banned on tiktok
WE CRASHED THE ECONOMY POOOOOOOOOOOG 
Carson drama can you do
Carson drama please
YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES
I love the pringles man
I love the use of a Monopoly and Pringles guys as the main characters
Do the Carson drama
the video was great, but i got 7 ads...
Ahhh monthly upload is here
It’s insane how those giant edge funds suddenly don’t think so much about “free market” as soon as things don’t go their way.
its not robin hood its robin da hood
We can't lose Gamestop like we lost toys-R-us.
oh god if it wasnt u i would have never gotten  what happend then
You Forgot to talk about u/DeepFuckingValue
5:00 - a friend made 65k off dogecoin off a very small amount, I forget how much. Was insane. I've made about $400 of BTC currently which is nowhere near comparable but it is what it is.
"wth does stock market do?" every 12yr old like me asks
Interesting I love this stuff it’s very nice
Me who has no idea what is the GameStop reddit situation: help ppl pls explain
Ayy, he uploaded again!
Elon musk looked like a meat canyon animation
I love the internet .  The fact they do enormous shit like this and then just say : Crash pog ,   Yes rico crash pog
Im still confused about the term words used in this video
At least doge coin went to the mooooon!
You dont loan people your stock when you are shorting. You loan a stock, sell it and hope to buy it back cheaper.
I now finally understand... thank you ;w; All the other videos I watched on this left me so confused... ._.
Thank you andrei.
I'm telling you its hard to take the hedge funds seriously with one of them looking like the old man on the pringles container.  But seriously damn their greed got the better of them at some point it was going to happen .Do you think it could be avoided?
Well,well,well...how the turntables
Never underestimate the power of a *meme*
*p r i n g l e   m a n*
the power of friendship, i guess...
WALL STREET: NO YOU CANT JUST BUY A USELESS STOCK TO MAKE US LOSE  REDDIT: *O K.  B O O M E R.*
I didnt understand anything from this video, but andrei made it very interesting :DDD
I think it's kinda sad how YouTube now forces creators to give disclaimers else the video gets taken down or someone finds it offensive. Honestly it's kinda sad.
I love your takes on things
I hate criticizing ur videos but I would like to say if it might be okay to change what you say at 0:53. I know that you meant it as a crack in the armour but ch!nk is also a slur used against Asians so if possible, maybe change the phrasing.
Can you talk about Guava Juice's content?
chill dowg
pog
this is why they should use ΕΤΟΡΟ instead of  Robin Hood
when small brains get big shit gets real
How to not use reddit
I didn’t understand half The video lol, but thats maybe because I forgot to pay attention
15 minutes and there's 1k comments already bruh
uwu
when ur so early it says there are 110 comments but u cant see any of them
"If you go on a bus , it's very likely you'll here people talking about it."   *laughs in quarantine*
You just have to love how everyone in the 80s and 90s always said things like stick it to the man and these madman redditors in 2020 actually went ahead and did it  Edit: *Bloody legends*
Imagine this being in the next generations text book lmao
this is why you dont mess with the masses and especially the internet
Welcome back 🙏
Gamestop got bankrupt in Scandinavia.
I understood about half of this video. Still interesting though.
Finally 26444
This is soo comfusing
6:57 This is incorrect. The short sellers are not the ones lending the stock, they are the ones who borrow the stock, sell it immediately and then buy it back when the price goes down to return the borrowed stock (with interest).
i made a new rule of the internet i call it rule 42,069 The internet can do whatever they want if they put their heads to it, no matter how big. note: this can also apply to cancelling
We were waiting for your explanation, never disappoints...
Love your videos Andrei! Keep up the good work!
I love this type of stories! There's power in numbers.
Not first
We don't have gamestop in europe but we do have a version of it called game
So early, I’m never this early for anything lmao
Plot twist: It was Mr. Pringles who crashed the market whilst eating some Pringles
im 13 and still gamestop is a big part of my life
Reddit: peace was never an option
Kinda annoys me that the rich just got bailed out
2011: Occupy Wall Street 2021: r/WallStreetBets
Eat the rich. That is all.
20k views in 10 minutes. Interesting
* click * *✨NOICE✨*
I really want to see more of this, so please make more video’s about it.
I like how I'm getting adverts on hedges during this video
You know it’s real when andre talks about it
ah yes, reddit being reddit
that drawing of Elon Musk is pure nightmare fuel
2:17 and 3:18 there is 3 6's on both dice
Bună
in the uk its just GAME
As Sun Tzu once said. Hah GameStop stock go brrrrrrrrr- The Art of War
Iam happy he's back :> love ur vdos
Now this is a true reddit moment
*Millennials and Gen Z screwing over Wall Street:* THE FUTURE IS NOW OLD MAN!  *Old Rich Men:* This is an Avengers level threat.
Smh It wasn't the economy, it was a single hedge fund.
Keyword ALMOST. Reddit is useless in doing anything substantial. I can admit I had a little hope when they were fucking shit up for hedge fund managers but now that the heat has died down nothing about this has made a permanent impact in the economy/billionaires.
Robinhood?More like sheriff of Nottingham
investors: ha, you peasents should start investing instead of doing jobs people:invests investors: no wait
*F*
Truly disgusting that some “people” would do this horrible thing.
make a video about the whole dreamsmp group
STONKS📈
Idk I just like the stock
Yo
e
Shout me
HaHa, Reddit went brrrrr
No I don't think so
Finally I have been waiting years for this
Therapist: Andre Terbea Stonks Doesn't Exist, He can't Hurt You. Andre Terbea Stonks: 5:34
Your so late its not even funny
Omg, the Monopoly and the Pringles mascots 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
This is a start of a new begenning
When ur early but can't think of a creative comment-
It’s game in Europe
Memes are the one thing that can change things.
Me:*Doing really important stuff I need to finish* Andrei:*uploads* Me: Oh well, I can finish this later
Thanks for making this I was so confused lmao
The only stocks I sell are Steam Trading cards
What do you get when you cross lonely reddit dudes and a SOCIETY who treats'em like crap?  *yOu GeT wHaT yOu FrIcKin' DeSeRvE!*
crashed is an overstatment.
Our king of truth is back!
d i a m o n d h a n d s
Esti român?
"go on a bus" what's a bus? haven't seen that thing in years
10 minutes ago geez you guys are fast
If u ever do a Q&A how do you count with your fingers in animation?
ey my man same country
why did you upload so late I was bored for a month
*why does animated elon musk look more like elon musk than elon musk*
You should do the after math too
Such a good video please don’t stop making great videos
I just got a "best4hedging" add on this vid. A company that seems to be about cutting hedges. How is that so perfect?
The mechanisms of capitalism will be used to bring about its own destruction
They told gen z to invest...          oh how they underestimate us
Sall Romănia
Stonks
The vid is so good u improved Andrei👌❤️👍..   Imagine getting a like from Andrei. 😊
lol
Nice
L
That one guy who invested in stocks last year is having the time of his life
Andrei keeps posting 5 minutes before i have to go to school smh
Yo andrei boi
How Reddit kept Wallstreet from crashing Gamestop.
A little late
YouTube:  Learns about stock market through well explained animation. Meanwhile Schools : Mitochondria is the powerhouse of the cell.
I love your videos, also I've heard my family talk about this but I never understood so thanks for helping me understand.
waw
I need this video
Early gang
Gamestop isn't just in the U.S its big in the uk and Australia
There is gamestop in germany
Y tho
as you can see andrei post a new video
So basically reddit was god teir,when this happen   So that's amogus
HELLO aNDREI! I love your vids man!
One of these comments show up (or the comment is similar to the examples) when your early:  *FIRST*  *Earlier than the kid that blesses my family* *Yooo **_______** I love your vids*  But we all know... That the "First" is most common.
L
It's basically like the "great depression" but without the depression part
That Moustache though
I got an hour long ad for stock crazy people. On this video. Immediately skipped.
We need more good Romanian Youtubers, not the cringe ones
Thanks for this vid because I had no idea what happened with the story and time line. All I knew was game stop was in trouble for something
Yeeeeeey new video! 🎊🙌🏻🎉
I still laugh at the meme
Hi,i just wanted to say: Te salut din Moldova.
I'm from Indonesia, reddit was banned there :(
England has Game not Game stop
Pin me
There we go again hai cu algoritmul!
i almost forgot i subscribed to you
The description of shortselling you gave was very off point
shkreli was a mod in wallstreetbets
Stonks
*Old Rich People: If You Working Class Want Money, Buy Stonks*  Working Class: *Buys GameStop Stonks  Old Rich People: You Weren’t Supposed To Do That
umm iam gonna be honest I dint understand  anything
🇷🇸🇷🇸🇷🇸🇷🇸🇷🇸🇷🇸🇷🇸🇷🇸🇷🇸🇷🇸🇷🇸🇷🇸🇷🇸🇷🇸🇷🇸🇷🇸🇷🇸🇷🇸🇷🇸🇷🇸🇷🇸🇷🇸🇷🇸🇷🇸🇷🇸🇷🇸
Congrats to the people who where first 😁😁😁
Nu te lasa, esti cel mai tare
Reddit basically destroys everything.
Hello
ikr tats why when i look at scam 1992, im like, it was technically ok
*wow.  just... wow.*
Rip Game stop all my money over the years
They didn't just occupy wall street, they fucking annexed it
*I had to wait to the end of math to watch this*                 *IT WAS WORTH IT*
s
Jk I’m about to end this mans whole career
Not The first one :(
I Accidentally deleted my comment it had￼ 2 likes 😔
:D
Lol
who knew a group of simpsons comic book guys could wreck the economy.
A true epic gamer moment
Yay a new video
Truly disgusting that some “people” would do this horrible thing
في عرب 😂
Love from India....
I like how Gamestops peak moment in the last decade was from basically being a tool now.
I swear his a animation gets better every time
I went to the like button multiple times.
YouTube: Yo! Your first cuz there's no views, now go comment about it Me: 'ight then *Sees there's a thousand comments* The other guys who thought they were first: First time, huh?
I never heard of that
pog
Early gang
The legend has posted!!
Sorry im too late...
Reddit: *makes memes about game stop* GameStop: *it’s crashing economy time*
👌😳👍
they didnt crash the economy lmao and it wasn't reddits doing it was wall street, nice clickbait title
Short selling: “We dont like you, die.”
"Let the people trade" People: *trades* "You're not supposed to do that"
Redditors: "This economy's gonna be the fcking best."
AYYY LESSGOOO ANDREI ITS BIN A WHILE (also one of the comments was a schlatt reference which ohh mygod made me so happy for some reason so-) Truly disgusting that some “people” would do this horrible thing.
As u can see reditors such as I have power and brains we just can't talk to women
Anyone reading this rn  I hope you live the best life
2:20 aahh the pringles
Lmao this made so meany millionaires
319329394th to watch lets go
744
Y r we all so early
im early yay looks at veiws: never mind
Hi
early pog?
Well if anyone was going to upset big business, I'm glad it's a bunch of redditors
New vid pog
Just had a trade ad right before this video. Ironic.
Nobody: Wall Street after some redditors got mad at them: *IIIII DECLAREEEEEEE BANKRUPTCYYYYYYYYYYYYYY*
oh no wall street politics
Where i live, there are ads telling u to invest in x stock (usually popular companies) to make easy money. Imo, this is artificially manipulating the stock price.
Cate comentarii în engleză :)) Tare rau video domnule Andrei
Pls do a vid on that vegan teacher.
Romania forever boss✊ ✊
708 coment
3 minutes fresh I see.
Reddit Leshgo when we needed you you delivered
Great video man Love from Serbia
AWW SHOOT IM 4 MINUTES LATE
We are truly the best. Truly.
Me early, me interested
Game theory covered this
Me Yas 👏
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JR1XIzGl2Y8&bpctr=1614182459
Oh hell yes! I've been so excited about this video!
WallStreet more like Wall 😎        Im so sorry
Realisticly andrie just wanted some finance ads so he gets paid more lol
This comment will get no likes.
finally anderei its been over a year dont turn into the next odd1out pls
Truly disgusting that some “people” would do this horrible thing.
To the moon!🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
yay early  squad :)
HI
Reddit is really making people go broke
Pitfalls of being an amazing animator: you're 2 weeks late to everything
*"The human brain is the most complex structure in the whole entire universe"*                                        _-Human Brain_
When this happened a few weeks ago I was 1000% sure that Andrei is going to make a video about it and was waiting for it eagerly
...
Our boy is back with another video :D
*As a wise man once said :*  _"Only when a mosquito lands on your testicles will you realize violence isn't always the answer"._
what happened to that country riff thingy in between subtopics? missed that ngl
When I saw the title bro XD
Reddit be like :- Huh ,any problem
Well they didn't Crash the economy. Or even near it.
This is when reddit didn't even use 1% of it's power...
Reddit: my goals are beyond your understanding
Congrats to everyone who is early and who found this comment.Why is there some many comments like this.
Roddit a făcut-o lată!
AHHHHH IM EARLYYYY
I don't want gamestop to go
0:16 wait you can go on a bus?
Dang
2:17 was I the only one that noticed it was monopoly man and pringles dude
Yes
Fitting that I came back after listening to the Soviet Anthem.
The only Romanian YouTuber that makes me proud of being a Romanian.
When the market manipulators get manipulated
Hi Andrei!!!
Imagine being robbed by a random reddit guy who posts memes
If you’re reading this you’re going to live a happy life😁
Hi
Great
My heart skipped a beat when I saw that notification
Ey early
When you don’t know what to comment: Dudu du du (Dream fans will get it)
Who would win Billion dollar companies  Or Neckbeard-sama and his subordinates
Go to the youtube channel "west Jett" and omg it looks like the guy in the thumbnail Istg
Who was early only 1 day ago ONLY
Ok nvm
Redditors be like “Reality can be whatever I want”
Gamestop shall live
Just wanted to comment to get here early
*World.exe has stopped*
Ayyy my favriot romanian animator
Fresh video PogU
E
"It's not about money, it's about sending a messege" They said...
How did this video get 1.5k likes even tho there isn’t 1,000 viewers.
Dam i am early
early gang
Reddit the one place that is both condemned and feared by the internet. It’s two face is just magnifico
I was expecting your new video to be about Carson or MaximillianMus but this is fine too.
E
Who gives a dislikes to all of his hard work
I am speed.
I live în România too and i think i saw you AT the supermarket
Reddit: wanna have some fun Wall Street: Oh no its them the memers i told you they would come for us
There's like 3 bots in the comments lol
i love your content keep up the good work
Random Redditor: I'M HUNGRY FOR KARMMAAAAAAAA (reddit karma)
No one: Early bots: CONGRATS ON FINDING THIS COMMENT!!!11!!1! GIFTING $3BIL TO EVERY SUBSCRIBER!!!1!1!
shawtys like a melody in my head
first
You need to talk about the "killer clowns " bruh some post like every 3  days
Imagine looking back in history and your teacher being: and here is the great GameStop stock market rise.
damn i got here so early that there are only 5 views
WAS WAITING ANXIOUSLY!  JUST GOT THE NOTIFICATION
Wagwan my people
True
I pray anyone that sees this is successful in life ‎ ‎
these comments man. everyone knows you're a bot and not the real goddamn mr beast or something - give up.
oh god spam comments
Cool
Finally I can understand what happened!
This is better than the fight King Kong and Godzilla
Yo
Stop reading comments and watch the video I am watching you
Andrei terbia: upload   Everyone: *I AM SPEED*
What’s uppp
Who knew that a company selling pre-owned Barbie games would be the choice of r/wallstreetbets
It's been 1 month welcome back you legend:)
Any video under the sun: Early  Every bot: *s h o w t i m e*
521st comment
Welcome early gang
No matter how fast I go, no matter how hard I try, I will never be able to      Be the first comment on a Andrei Terbea vid
I don't know I'm first or not but I'm seeing this video when it was upload
funny
Does someone else whatches a 2 minute add just for ur boy andrei
Dude i am unsubscribing, I don't need news story time (or popular youtube drama) animated. Ofc it brings views so nvm.
yay im early
Eyy atleast a minute ago
Am I the only one who sees 6 views but 333 comments???  I came here 31 secs after it was uploaded and that's wut I saw.
'YO IM EARLY
Guess who back...back again           Andrei and Wilfred
1.1k likes 424 comments and 6 views . .... youtube drunk again .
5 ads
Ah perfect timing
damn very pog move making the economy go boom took GTA a little to real
I waited more than a month for this... *Worth It*
Me: studying limit for university exams  Andrei: *uploads*   Me: time to get informed!
Mhm yes, 6 views, 341 comments and 1000 likes
first
Hey stranger I will never see in my life. I hope you have a wonderful day!   Things will get better.
*It's hilarious how late you are with this topic. NOT TRYING TO BE RUDE*  Edit: guys I know, animation takes time, I'm just saying...
There's 69 likes when I'm typing this comment
Stonks market
MEGA STONKS
47 seconds ago, 6 views, 190 comments and 787 likes wtf 😂😂
Wow, I actually was helping take down wallstreet, and you prolly did too. Not gonna front I thought i was never going to do anything important
If ur early, let me know.
First
not first
Hedge funds :we are UNDEFEATETABLE Reddit: I’m gonna have to stop you right there
You know reddit is reddit
Reddit is a strange place
Best word for stonks.
V
Love ur vids
LIKE THIS PLS
GameSpot disliked this video
This was a little late but I'll allow it!
Hello
Everybody *stopped* for *gamestop!*
I live in czech republia and i didnt hear about amy of this sht at all. But it seems so bid so i have to watch to understand this  Also jaiden: stick it to the MAN
Early squad !!!!!!!!!!
let’s get this to the top comment😁
*E*
Yeah, that appeared in fucking national news here, IN PORTUGAL, DURING ELECTION SEASON
yaaaay finally a new videoooo
u know u early if only see bot
Andrei isn’t financial advisor i bet Wilfur could help me with finance
H o p e
“Congrats to Everyone who is early and who found this comment🤍
No.
MY BOI IS BACK YEAAAAAAAA
*REDDIT IS TOO POWERFUL*
DUDE PLS LIKE DIS
Video Title: How Reddit nearly crashed the economy with a meme  Me: This I gotta see
Bababooey
0:13 yea as if anyone goes on a bus and talks to strangers lol
im late
almost first
wtf 6 views with 296 comments xD
6 views 800 likes :/
Quick think of a comment that can get a lot of likes...
yes new upload! :)
Best video Ever
WOW I am early I think.
Wow you're late, these vids really take a long time to make huh?🤣
My name jeff
Prikol
why am I watching this i am in the middle of school
All I can say, this is messed up
Well....      yes
hahahhah wall street go waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
6 views 400 likes Sort it out YouTube
To the Moon 🚀 🌟
Who else has watched him since his Logan vs KSI videos
82 comment
Nice
U know its a good d’au qu’en andrei post
"STONKS" -The art of economy
Let’s do it
Hello
Truly disgusting that some “people” would do this horrible thing.
6 views 758 likes and 3 dislikes youtube is drunk...again
Еј многу кои видео
Diary for camping for first comments Day 1: still waiting for someone to say first Day 356: theres been over 10000 first but who was first "pawpatrol 256" or "E girl 69"
Me:sees a new Andrei video Also me: FASTEST CLICK IN THE WEST
Clickbaity title, the economy was no where near to crashing.
When I heard what happened to GameStop I was confused
Nice 36 seconds
69 views, 420 likes.  Something ain't right
Hellooooo early
Finally a New vid yess thx
Now this is poggers
B r u h
I was literally just wandering if you uploaded something, so i searched your name.
Hi
early
This meme isn't even funny
Wilbur is love
Memes changing the world, memers, we rise
Stick it to the man 😎
Yay an andrei video is out!
I really want wilfur plush but it was limited
how does this have 6 views and almost 1k likes
Another Andrei Terbea video? Yes, please!
Bravo Andrei acest video e foarte interesant!
Marvel @marvel_jp 今日（1/8）は、一か八かの大勝負#勝負事の日！  どんな勝負事にも立ち向かうヒーローたち。  あなたが今“一か八か”やってみたいことは？
Romania is gay
GAH DAYUM 👴🏻
Instantly clicked!
Claim if your here within the first hour
hes back! huzzah
That's literally not the definition of crash. Also everyone on wallstreetbets would commit suicide if they out of all people crashed the market.
bro you are three weeks late , still watching
YouTube: 6 views Also youtube: 662 likes
Well boys we've done it, stability is no more.
Eyy im early
He is back!!!!!
I made exactly 0 dollars out of all this. But it did made me laugh my ass off which is more then I could ask for.
*This Is How Much “Poor” People Made Off GameStop Stonks*  ⬇️
early 😏
Andrei video = work
I will explain the subject of  this video for new viewers Stocks go up money go down
282 comments in one second
Hey
The first event that united liberals and conservatives in years...
First
dogecoin is future, I know cause I helped reddit
early
Predicting it is about gamestop stocks
Wooohh Andrei
FIRST COMENT
:D hello person scrolling through comments
Yay gamestop stocks Yummy
Wow the last time I was this early naruto opening 16 silhouette was playing
First comment lol
I have one word: FINALLY   by the way amazing video as always
bruh
Early
Good
ayyy
Ok
Why does comment shows 63?
Please can I get a heart from Andrea
The Reddit bot vs a bull. The bots are getting smarter
Uhh I don’t have shit to say
ok
0:19 that chin can kill a man or an economy
EARLY SQUAD WHERE U AT
Helioo
Bless u and ur family if ur reading this
YEAH REDDIT!!!
69
Last time I was this early Wilfur was only a gosling
6 views: 144 likes 98 comments Me: Visible Confusion
reddit:haha economy go brrr
Love it when I get a notification from your upload ❤️
Diamond hands
Lol
Oh hi I like your vids but I'm not good at animating and I like doing it
Fun fact: if u type fun fact people are more likely to read your comment   Pass me the like
I love you vids
Yeyyy
How is there 31 likes with 6 views
I found this on my recommended wowee
I thought he was gonna talk about the cocomellon distrack getting taken down lol
بره اخيرا
6 views, 30 likes YouTube is high again
claim your before 1mil views ticket here
Andrei...always on topic
Firsttt
Imagine getting bankrupted by someone named Deep Fucking Value
Omg so funny
profile picture look at it!!! Stonks.
I wasn't even this early for my own birth
25 seconds ago 😂
Christ! I'm so early!
Andrei big fan 😍
what a clickbaity title
I’m here
NOTI GANG WHERE YOU AT?!!
this vid is later then my dad when he came back at 15   (no hate, these vids take a lot of work)
hahah go on the bus, i definitely know how that feels :))
Ur channel dead
16 comments Me whos looking at the comments: no comments
Oh yeah i already watched all of it. For sure.
We are the first ones
Reddit is great
YES OUR SAVIOR HAS COME TO SAVE US OF BOREDOM FROM QUARANTINE
Gud vid
Reddit: my goals are beyond your understanding
Good videos
True bruh
I don't want to see one comment saying first
First
Instantly clicked
Nice
Just say the word hi and with 0 like
First boii
Hello
To late bro
Not first
accidentally early
Pog
81st 😤
not first ok
FIRST COMMENT
REDITORS TOGETHER STRONK
Fortnite
Lets make a meme about 9/11...
redditors
First
E
U don't know when it's coming but u know it's gonna be good
Early Gang wya
Sub to aundre
I was thinking when you were going to post again
I needed this
Holy crap I'm early
Hi
Reddit is becoming curiouser and curiouser....
Ok
"And when we needed him the most, he came back"
veiw number 7
I am fast af 😂
“ Gooooooddddd “  - Palpatine
just know this vid gonna be fire
I was born in the  wrong generation.
He is late but his animation is awesome
Not first
Welcome back man, I need to animation inspiration for my vids
Andrei terbia: upload   Everyone: *GOES STRAIGHT TO THE COMMENT SECTION*
Finally the king has uploaded a new video
Early
A bit late
hELLO
cheese
First thankfully love you man
Yessir early
Nice
Sonic
ayoo early ganga wya?
Finally what took u so long to upload
Yes a new video
h
free bobux
This was crazy on the news!
Here we go again...
Who else gets excited when he posts
Hey Andrei love your videos keepnitnup
early
Yo
Lmao get jojo’d
He is baaaaaaack and nice vid bro
0.1% of our power
😍🤩😍🤩😍🤩
Yo
🤦🏿‍♂️
Keep up with em vids
The hedge funds are ruining the economy
I bought the YOUTOOZ
I commented on this video first and I have no idea what this for you was about lol
Pog.
I've been wondering abt this whole situation I've been confused for a while now
Yes.
The power of the internet
When andrei uploads its a poggers moment
epic
Hi
First
Frick
STONKS
Finally new video
YEAHH NEW VIDEO
k
ayo im from romania too, cool
:D
Ayy this will be a banger i can tell
Doge coin gobrrrrrrrrrrr
Game time boys
Hai! ☺️
64th
Not first
Yesss new vid!!! 20sec ago too!
reddit moment
Early gang :)
Nice
He uploaded pogers
third?
YES!!!
Reddit didn't crash the economy. The economy crashed itself.
The man is finally back.
get your early ticket here
Looks interesting Ima watch
Yay
6 views in 17sec
Ooooooo
Andrei Terbea is back
Haha Reddit go brrrr
Yay, a new video!
Owo
Yay 15th like,Yes I'm early (18seconds ago)
I knew this because of matpat
How can I be successful animator?
Yay a new video
EARLY
First love ur content
Hi
First
Let’s go first like and first comment I’m early lol
Yes
Yes hello I'm first
Hi
Hi 😁
E
Lol
Early
9th
Lets a go
Reddit
First romanian here
IM EARLY SIS
Epic
New vid poggerssss
That’s normal
O
Hi
Early
yesss
My man's back
Yay he back
HI
Yes
Pog
Third?
Reddit sucks
first
Peepeepoopoolmao
Supp
I was expecting your new video to be about Carson or MaximillianMus but this is fine too.
Hi?
firsttt
Yooooo
Ye
Fastttttt
Mmmmmm
I love this channel
Yes
Hu
(ﾉ◕ヮ◕)ﾉ*.✧
Hello skedadudlers
Intresting
Not crash
hello
Stonks
early :)
LOVE FROM ROMANIAAAAA
Yo
nice
Swear Andrei disappears for weeks
third
GME Going stonks
####1
He’s back!
Third
First comment
E
Woah
Too early
Da
Yoooo
2nd
First
hii
B
Y E S
Hey early gang
do
sjshshs
Lol
pog
HOW
Hi
First
Who knew that a company selling pre-owned Barbie games would be the choice of r/wallstreetbets
You ruins it
Hi
firsttt  the real one
Congrats To Everyone  Who Is Early And Who Found This 🎂
lets goo
Sure
