If you want to see a VW ID Buzz challenge video where I drive this as far as the battery will take me, GIVE THIS COMMENT A LIKE & SUBSCRIBE!
This is like a lego car and lego looks, it's ridiculous , tony , cheap plastic and crap, it does look nice , but dear me £80k for this POS
So they put some interiour into it for an additional 34.000 GBP????
Yah, I would not buy all electric vehicle as yet.  In north america there are not many elelctric power stations so worrying on the road where to charge my vehicle... I do not want to go through that headache.  Thanks for explaining and showing in detail.
Why the hell don't these type of evs come with roll-out flexible solar panel awnings on  both sides and the rear so you can recharge the main batteries away from any charging infrastructure? It almost like they tease you with full autonomy only to snatch it away with the final product!
Put a 2L diesel in that car and pull the price down around $50k. VW can sell thousands of them. This car represents driving freely and EV ruins all the concepts
Piece of garbage as per other reviewers
Bro lools like Heinrich from KCD 2 lol
The camper van version isn’t sold here in the US. Only the regular passenger version which already sells for. $74,000! Very disappointing considering that VW originally said it was shooting for a $35,000 starting price here in the US.
Yeah, no.
I’d rather find out I had VD than an EV … The bed size is a joke
Je trouve que c'est pas mal en tout électrique c'est ce qui me plaît  Il faut avouer que c'est pas donné le prix c'est pas donné à tout le monde.  Malheureusement ce type de véhicule en France je ne l'ai pas encore vu.   Merci pour la bonne présentation.   JM-C 13
Shag pad xD
Toilet is essential. And missing. Work arrounds?
Range 190 miles - recharge time 4+ hours Really LOL
😎 cool
I think it will be a while before I trade up the T5. I like the exterior but the gally fitout looks to be a fail given the price of it. It's not an overlander but that's not what VW was going for im guessing.
Tiny van, cramped, not really usable and soooo expensive. Buy something different.
Too expensive. Software shit
Half way between a single and a double is a twin bed.
Far too small for anything useful
Who will buy this with squeezy space? For the same money, you can buy a spacious, normal camper van with a shower.
Where can I buy I got 50,000
Where to buy that version
It's the conversion that's the issue, a small van like this has to have swivel front seats as a number one priority.   Cooking outside is a must... I would say that though, I'm in Australia.   Trakka here convert VW T6's etc and they are very popular because the 4 motion will do the outback dirt roads and go anywhere, from Fraser Island to Cape York.   We are waiting for EV vans here, and  it's looking like the Chinese are going to beat VW to the market, reason being range and price... They'll be converted here for the Australian market, which means more capable suspension, higher ride for our dirt,  corrugated and creek lined roads,  Steel wheels as Mag wheels can shatter on our corrugations and far more outside addons, like showers etc. .The reason the smaller vans are popular here is they can go to places bigger vans can't.   Great video, though and a sign of what will definitely be here within 5 years.
What a POS 80k is rediculous fuk that I'd rather a big sprinter
Great video !
Looks nice but i'll be driving my Bongo until it (or I) die
is there CAMP mode?
80,000 pounds lol.  Keep it.
I wonder why they can’t charge the van with the solar panel ? I know that may not be enough to charge it fast but it should charge it a little.
With the popularity of van life right now, I absolutely don’t understand why this is not in North America.
Great looking thing but at 80000£ it is a ridiculous con.
Could  you tell me the manufacturer of the pop top?
13:27
No thanks to this DANGERIOUS EV crap will take a real one though that runs on Diesel
Does it have plugs and does it have a microwave
100x100 diseñada por un mexicano en la fábrica VW Alemania
To small
Even at 45k these things are not worth that kind of money what a waste
the base van is now sold new for around £30k     all this useless thing is fit for is camping out in your next 15 minute city.   absolute waste of space.
They need way more solar panels, a lot more interior height and a cheaper price. To start...
Claustrophobic
The bell ends using 'milk floats'. Embarrassing.
I hope they bring this to the states.
Good luck keeping that on the road beyond 10yrs
80 Grand? No thanks.
A hybrid camper van that can lengthen and shorten or enlarge itself will be futuristic. In driving mode it is small and agile, in camping mode it will deploy itself and become a mobile home.
POS. USELESS . ABSOLUTELY USELES
That interior is shocking for 80k
you could buy a whole lot more van for £79k
200 miles of range for 8000 pounds. Value is very low.
do you even know how to cook? If you like garlic, you should know the garlic should've gone into the pan first to taste good.
No, it looks like a back killer to me
I’ll take one with a gas engine
How do you go on camping trips when you only hafe 200 miles of range?
Sounds like Jason Statham
£75k sound a bit steep! Might as well buy a Toyota Proace electric, build it into a camper and still have load of change for a LED tv in the van.
An excellent video.  Describes all of the important things so well.  A lower score than I would have expected for this VWEV, but I can see why.  (I converted a Honda Odessey mini-van for my daughter and boyfriend to drive across America and back-they had an absolute blast) Thanks for this, keep it up! JWL - New York
I love this vehicle but it's too expensive. Especially for weekend trips
Thanks.  How tall are you?
80k and no shower and toilet 😂
From 1 to 10, 10 being the highest, I give it an 8.
LOL, I like lonely
For 80k, I can buy a 24 sit van and convert it. And still have like 20k spare change.
imagine how good this would be if it was a hybrid!
$80k???   You can stick it at that price
Just to clarify, the vehicles batteries are used to power the luxry battery used for fridge hob etc?
Over priced boogie wagon
Been watching your vids for a few days now, really engaging content. Saw your vid about feeling lost about 3 years ago and to see how you’ve grown is inspiring 🙏🏼
Yeah I hate electric cars … so sad cause I love VW buses
80k? Costs more than my 4 bedroom house 😂.
VW shit quality
Damn I wanted to love this.    Could not imagine using it.
Muy justa. Para un fin de semana vale, para vivir, no.
All eletric with terrible ramge that get worse going uphill. Wind or cold. Very dumb clearly should have been made ICE or hybrid or atleast with good range.
Let me know when you make a gas model with a subaru motor !
A shorter person who could sleep in the upper bunk, could get down to change (or use a folding commode). Also, delay setting up the table until done cooking, so you can stand in front of the stove. If you wanted to shower, hanging a "solar shower" bag of pre heated water + standing in a folding or inflatable dog bath + shower curtain (variety of ways to suspend) would offer that too.     If you were camping for more than 1 night, sleeping in the upper birth is much handier!
Why do this and stoked inside this car?...just buy something bigger if you have 80 k
We're looking at buying one but the finish on the one shown in this video is blooming awful!!! Good vid 👍
£79k electric van, and you have to manually push up the soft top. For that price, I'd want an electric motor to do the work?
I could buy a Tesla model Y with a caravan  for 2/3 the price of this. Its way too expensive
how much did the conversion cost?
The biggest problems would be... 1 - How can you stay off the grid for more than one day (I don't think the battery would last very long)? 2 - How would you recharge the battery off the grid? Carry a generator? 3 - How would you travel any distance off the grid?  _Assuming a range of 215 miles, you'd be able to travel maybe 50 miles, camp for one overnight (use up about 100 miles of battery) and travel back 50 miles_
I’d buzz trying to become to many different things and it’s not working
A motoring journalist speaking about a 80kW battery instead of a 80kWh battery makes me switch off that video immediately. I mean, c'mon, that's like the core of your job.
I thought u where unemployment
Is this camper van actually on the market? In which country?
Great production, but an off grid electric camper makes no sense.😅
80k for VW hahaha hahaha
All looks a little bit clunky, needs some engineering tweaks me thinks.
Sorry too small for a campervan
200 mile range for £80k? No thanks!
I think there are s lot of people here who have succumbed to the green eyed monster.
How can you give it a 3 for not being able to move around… your in the UK… imagine it was raining…
For this price, one can get much more comfortable and fully equipped motorhomes.
Can you keep the AC on all night for say a particularly cold or hot night?
Fool and his money are easily parted. The price tag is offensive, id rather live in a no-build transit.  Enjoyed the review anyway, good to have something interesting
It is pretty good that the engineers thought of the head rest that go together. Someone was thinking.
That's insane 80k for a van with a sink and a folding seat
Will I love you, but how many essentially plastic worktops/counter tops have you melted with your "hot as the sun" pan's serving up. This time I quite enjoyed it as my new VW camper has died. Thanks. Kiss kiss.
80k… OVERPRICED 🤪🤣😂
THIS is what EVERYONE has wanted - not another MiniVan!!!! When it comes to kitchens in Vans I would pass on that and just make more space for a Bed and cook outside - all the grease is going to build up inside the van LOL :)
Vaya prdida de tiempo
If the front seats swivel around that would make a big difference to space  ? And having no hand brake lever to get in the way i can’t understand if swivel seats not fitted then why
I kinda like it. Seems to need quite a bit of refinement. There’s a lot of features that seem quite rickety or otherwise fragile. 🫣
They won’t be seeing £80 grand of my money for that thing…
How ludicrous. Think I'll stick with my classic Hymer.
80 grand 😂😂😂
But why should I pay 80k for this when there are much better and cheaper alternatives
What is your height?
Damn I cannot wait for these to hit the US market.
80k lmfao
79k!!??
80k for this shit? jesus
Very nice,just 30 grand too much
I just ordered a new van, I went with the T6.1 Long wheel base, this as not as cramped, gets about 1000km to a tank.. and it was €50k Cant say I am impressed with the ID Buzz...
?--completely off grid?
If you actually owned one for a while, maybe more than for a night lol, you would certainly think differently! Hardly any fast chargers about, not sure what tree you are going to plug that into? Can you keep it for at least a month? I think your thoughts would be very different😂
£80k... somebody is really taking the piss.
So, let’s look at the previous Transporter / Camper vw’s which you can still see because they’re racking up decades of use and massive mileages … these electric ones won’t be around in 5-10 years because when the batteries degrade to the point that even a hundred miles range isn’t achievable, nobody will pay £20k to replace them so they will just get scrapped, which isn’t environmentally or economically viable.
It would be a better choice of EV to become stranded in, provided you put solar panels on the roof.  In 4 or 5 days you should have enough of a recharge to get to a charging station.  No more tow trucks!
Would be a good deal if it was half the price but sadly this will have minimal buyers
Good man; you can never have too much garlic ;)
here's the freakin problem ... why the HELL is this 100 thousand dollars ?(before import/export taxes) electric vehicles aren't failing because nobody wants them ....nobody wants them for 2 or 3 times there actual value .. WE want those affordable vehicles that every other country seems to get access to . when you think EV, you think ECONOMY not luxury ..
Will never fly as it's electric.....
Why is the charging time ridiculous?
No where near worth £80k we're really getting shafted now a days for everything price wise and people will still lap this shit up
Can we buy this like this or this van is just a customize to be a camper van ?
85 kwh battery, can cook up a big pot of water
such shoddy work on the carpet lining
I really like it and I enjoyed your video. Thanks for reviewing this camper. I think you need to try cooking from the outside before you rate the cooking facilities and did you take note of the state of charge as you went along? If so, would you mind writing a rundown of that in the comments? Ta.
Useless for every intended purpose
£80K !!! I guess their target demographic is green bankers rather than hippies. I wonder how many of them want to go camping in a small van? Or who'd figure that paying £80K is a good investment on an electric van?
And where will you go with 300km range on motorway?
These are some very tight shorts and we love it! 🤤
Only a total moron would want to sleep in  a confined space over a lithium battery! It's one thing having toast for breakfast, but it's another thing entirely when YOU are the TOAST!
80k would buy you half a flat, would have no problem getting a mortgage with a deposit like that
only 80K no wonder EV are sold so badly when none of the eu companies are able/want to make affordable <15K ev cars
Not worth £80K. The dash looks so basic. And the range isn’t great. Imagine going camping for a weekend and having to recharge twice on the journey.  Plus, EV’s are a TERRIBLE investment.
Yeaah. Would be fun to see how the heater copes with -25C. The original id buzz had such horrible heater that the car stayed frozen from the inside during an hours test in winter.
Shame VW made this an electric milk float instead of a real car with a gas or diesel engine that people would want.
How much! No wonder the base models aren’t selling. No, just no.
What’s your average efficiency with the van packed
Nothing beats a long wheelbase vw bus.  This thing is just so tiny :(
Useless car...No Speed and range for an travel car.
so a van with low range and 0 luggage space :)
80k wow. a real car for the people.
So,No Kind of a shower or Body cleaning Part in this? You Must Stay at a campsite?
Imagine the extent of the disconnect from reality when a car manufacturers makes a micro campervan for 80k.
You know you can by a real rv for that price?
woke crap for dumb dumbs
How much space is in the pop top? Doesn’t seem like much. Interested in how sleeping up there would be.
Thanks for posting this. Everything looks neat, but, as expected, this has nothing on the old pop-top Westfalias and Vanagons. The amount of space available is not remotely comparable, and I can't see more than one person camping comfortably in this thing, let alone a whole family with a couple of kids. There are practical reasons for this of course, the main one being that they could not (or did not want to) make this van exceedingly tall, to reduce the drag factor, thereby increasing the range, but the fact remains that the old 70s campers offered tons more space and comfort than this. Last but not least, and I know it will sound cliché: the Westies of the 70s were *affordable* in terms of price, real folks' wagons, in that respect. At this price (75K, I think he said) , this camper is anything but affordable.
Don't wash your pasta when it's done for fucks sake :D
So they cut a hole in the roof threw a tent on top & bought a student bed sit style kitchen unit & a fold out mattress….then added 30k to the price….oh & a little generator because your ev needs fuel to work properly….oh & crash filling that battery will shorten its life & no doubt that cost half the cars value…im seriously unimpressed with this  massively overpriced silly looking little battery van virtue signalling ev that is really using efficient fossil fuels to charge up its slave labour lithium batteries delivered on a ship that while at sea produces as much pollution as all the cars in England…
That is one cheap, cheap, cheap interior nowhere near worth the value of the asking price
100,273.91 United States Dollar 100,273.91 United States Dollar 100,273.91 United States Dollar !!! https://www.google.com/search?q=79000+pounds+to+dollars&rlz=1C5GCEM_enUS1093US1093&oq=79000+pounds
Saw the thubnail and thoght they gave quasimodo a car but this review was way better than that ever would have been, thanks Will!
Seems like an insane amount of money for what you get, hey? Still, if you're loaded, why not?
I honestly expected a bit more from the interiors… I saw better diy jobs
At last, a camper van for the people! 😂😂😂
80k for a flipping camper, what is wrong with people, it a friggin campervan. Either folk are so wealthy compared to me to be able to drop 80k on a camper or Im missing something that in the last 40+ years of camper ownership Ive not got out of my campers that makes up for paying 80k for this van....
great video and a great looking van but being 6-2 id struggle to fit in I think and the kitchen did look awkward Id say 10 out 10 looks but practicality 5-10
VW, what have you done! Utter disaster, don't even know where to start from. Someone please enter this sector and produce an actual camper, please!
😅😂😂😂
The original VW bus was cheap and so were the conversions. The good old days.😀
Not worth 80K
vw is lacking on range
If this van has Solar penal, does it get charged on the main car battery? I've been asking myself ever since because every EV should have solar penal on roof so it don't get stranded middle of nowhere. Altough it might be pricey.
Fabby outside but tight fit inside. OK for2 slim Jim's or single person,  no toilet. X
for a city vehicle BEV is fine but i wun have one for camping...
80k ridiculous
So much for “the people’s car.” Now it’s “the rich people’s car”.
Would never buy a van  without a toilet ,you can a proper  Motor Home for £80, 000 a brilliant used one , four peoplle in that , would have to be the diddy men . hardly space for one .
It needs to be able to heat and ventilate while sleeping...
£80,000?
If it's electric it's city only its useless
No EV's for me. Thanks for the video. :-)
How the hell can the multivan California look a like better inside than this fully electric?
Way too expensive for what is offered. Everything requiring “Brute Force” should be electrified and should move at the touch of a button. Hoping Tesla comes out with a better and cheaper option.
Didn’t think i liked this vehicle til i started seeing them on the road and couldn’t take me eyes off them.  Cheerful looking things! Love the idea of it as a daily user but prob not as a camper.  Thanks for the great tour! 👍🏻
We don't get cool stuff like this in the USA.
Will, I think you may want to put trivet when you're putting hot object on the campervan surfaces. I've seen you put hot pan straight from hob to surfaces before and I was nervous that you're gonna cause damage to campervan you don't own...
Far too expensive, the Mercedes blows it out of the water.
packing all of this away... his unit or the van? there's so much left to interpretation.  Good on him and the great vw unit.
Like most people I wish the VW BUZZ was more like a bigger T2 design or at least the prototype than what we now have. SO many VW fans would have been so much more happy with a much more classic design. Also lakes 800v battery pack and 3+ KWH on board AC (Like the Ford vans have) which would have made it a much better work van.
Technically I have a vehicle!  The X-Bus Camper! But I am afraid this might be a video for early 2025!  The X-Bus is a modular L7e transporter by electricbrands which has a camper setup right from the factory.  I still can't wait to get hold of mine.
I mean, 75k and they couldn't hide all the cables inside the storage or at least lay them down with more care? Wtf. Those will get damaged if the van will actually be used extensively whenever you put stuff in and out..
Wait for the extended wheelbase version
With the sort of range this thing has got you really wouldn't want to go anywhere! Imagine trying to get to the South of France or Spain or even Dover!  Then the wretched thing will do less distance in cold weather!  As  a motor home it's totally useless!
Annoying music made it unwatchable
80k..yeeeh nah, you keep it
80k 😂😂😂
Nicely designed kit and a convenient vehicle overall. Most people will never be able to justify the 80k cost though. Nor should they, with so many other more functional and cheaper alternatives, especially for a couple or small family. Add some hefty initial depreciation and a classic used, (and appreciating) VW camper seems much more attractive. Or a nice caravan that has much more space and amenities to tow behind your existing car note.
You must have muscles to use this vecihle haha. Crazy much manual pushing and pulling, lifting.
Is the popup roof not electric haha, you have to lift it with manual power, really?
South Wales Reg too
A bizzarre camper!
💖💖💖
Just no. £80k too much (although to be fair the whole VW tax is laughable - better options available). Looks great, would I want to go off track with it? Absolutely not. Customised? Tricky - don't quote me.
Never buy one
So if it’s electric and you get down to 20%. You couldn’t use any electronic devices off the battery. I run my engine to charge or use some of my stuff in my van
Wonderful vw as usual
Germans are the top in all the world  Vw ID wonderful world of vehicle
VeeDub vaporware going 30 year strong!
79,000 , what a waste of money
£80k and no crapper 😢
Must be the worst interior design use and size campervan on the market for over 50k bet it can't even take the weight of bikes on the back 😮
Never had a good sleep on a rock n roll bed - never seem to lie flat on them and no way they are 2 berth
I think next week you may be camping in an Asda trolley 😮
I'm a driving instructor and if you're always 'on the brake and accelerator' you need some awareness training!
Electric vehicles ARE NOT the future. We've been sold a Lemon by money grabbing Governments.
Nice vid, you’ve come a long way since the early days of stealth camping, as a follower since those early days I am very pleased for your success. 👍
what the hell is going on why are cars and campers SO expensive now
Doubling the price is not justified by the extras imo as it looks like a DIY on the inside. Cutting costs and upping profits i guess, a shame but for not that much more cash you can get the  bigger model. So 2/5 for me.
€90k? Quite an expensive tent. 🤔
The long wheel base 7 seater is coming out in 2024...and its considerably longer. Be great to see someone convert that when it's available.
volkswagen shat the bed when they made this can looks like its full of wasted space almost more space wasted in the van than space useable i would have rated this van 1 star for everything and 4 stars for quirkiness
Why would you out the water supply right above the power point 😂 seems silly
A bit !!! Overpriced, esp when pure EVs not yet shaken down over time. Hardware looks fine but resale value a bit of a punt.
Just think how many decent holidays you could have with £ 80000 !
Frankly, I would have never expected to be as entertained as I am by these videos.  You make me smile and laugh and I thank you for that 🙂
Seems unbelievable that this is as big as the old Kombi. I grew up in a ‘69. and a 68 and a 70. They had so much to them. 2 stove tops, water, sink, attachable shower, storage. Interior sleeping for 4 fairly comfortably. Hang up closet, fridge. A tent that attached to the side. It was a very functional little camper. I feel like VW could have saved themselves from their impending bankruptcy with a decent camper. But at 80k with 200 miles range? No. This isn’t good enough.
When can i buy in America?
Nearly 80k for that?? Get in the sea.
Ridiculously impractical vehicle.
You could afford to stay at a 4 star hotel with just the interest on the additional camper cost.
Really needs the front seat row to be integrated into the living space.
80 grand for a glorified milk float,a fool and his or her money springs to mind.
Don’t worry, that thumbnail doesn’t make you look like a #doucheFace #lemmingMoron 😂
200 miles is not enough range. In los Angeles you could go from LA to big bear with 100 miles and add elevation. You hope you can charge that to 70 percent at least on the return. you can probably recharge quite a bit on the hill down. But man, thats really stretching it and not comfortable if its winter or stuck in those 5 hour crash accidents.
Why doesn't the solar panels charge the van even as you drive 80 grand is over priced The styling is nice but the van needs to be bigger
Wait till it self ignites whilst charging
That is bloody awful
We enjoyed watching it very much, thank you.
Can’t wait for these to come to the States! 🤞
Bring the old vw kombi
Wish I chill afford it
VW has made nice car but lost plot on pricing...
Looks awesome adventure. Id prefer the old vw bus .. just simply because when it brakes down you get many more chances. Once the i.d buzz sets itself on fire. Its game over.
I hope this comes down to £40k in 2/3 years then I still won’t be able to afford one lol 😂
Never knew they started manufacturing the right hand version of the ID buzz.
What about running the heater or cooler during the night -like Tesla’s camp mode?
An overpriced pile of sh#te, like most VWs 😂
Probably be usable with a deisel engine !!!
Tnx for the informative and entertaining video. I've got one question: How about the climatic controls while caming? I assume a bit advantage of EV-Campers is that you always have full power also for the AC - as long as the battery lasts. Could you heat or cool the van the whole night? Tnx
Sorry what do the electric appliances run on? 12v?
Is the camper conversion done locally in the UK, or does VW do it? It doesn’t look like the California gear I’ve seen. I appreciate that they’ve kept things simple with the manual roof—the California is overboard with the electric gadgetry. The roof seems like it’s on backwards though, if you want to stand up in the middle. That middle seat is nice to have in the front, but it’s awkward that the front seats don’t swivel. I like how they made the rear bench flat—it makes a decent mattress that way
It's been a long time coming.
What’s the point when the real world range is 150 miles?
20 KW/100 Km😂😂😂😂
I guess based on your experience you could close the pop top at night if it can get a bit noisy right?
Worth mentioning / re-mentioning your height in these videos for those that won't already know
Reminds me of the old electric milk floats, and not in a good way.
Looks good. Where can I get to test one out. We have a Bongo. Electric pop top. Electric blinds etc. 23years old. You would think vw could have the same. George
where you going to charge it off grid in the highlands?
Never worth 80k.
Opening a roof top is much easier with the doors open. Think vacuum
looks too small inside, and the price is insane ! I will stick with my t5 thanks
overrated piece of shit. buy a car for 20,000, spend the rest of the money on something smarter, more valuable
Thank you sir. Loved the morning pants ❤
Wont have any lekki car given to me...
Wait to the long version of ID Buzz is coming. more room in the Buzz
Mate your vids are up in the top 3 in my opinion as you dont edit much out and say it how it is
80K??? Perhaps a 2 up 2 down would be better…
What a great video, I've seen a few videos from the owners but they didn't really promote the vehicle just their lifestyle,  its great to see the practically of the vehicle, I'm 62 and I'm limited to working part time so my budget is limited, pre covid I could by a Berlingo type vehicle for less than £1000, those cars are fetching double now, my daily driver is now a £1500 fiat panda, after watching this video I intend to turn it into a camper for one
I dunno if 165 w solar would be enough for an offgrid camper van priced 10k above at 2013 McLaren MP4 supercar.
This vid is a joke right???
NO WAY.... T5, T6  is the only way
80k for a toy.
Looks very cool but the new California is a bit more practical.
Umm for that conversion price the roof should have shocks to assist, and why no powered sliding doors.  Not a good look that the first time anyone ever camped in this and the seat to bed takes brute force
For 80k you can buy a Grand California with more space and a proper bathroom👍
You can have a lot of nights in hotels for £80k
The battery will not get you very far considering that everything runs off it. So you can hardly be off grid without having to recharge on a regular basis.   Considering the cost I’d rather go with ice and fuel based options.
About time people woke up to the EV scam,one big con job.
That size for that money.... And the they claim its for 4 people 😂😂 And the toilet???? How comfortable.... For me: cybertruck+truck camper!
If you buy that you probably have a problem understanding what gender you are and you cry a lot for no reason and all your friends left you and people beat you up all the time
It’s fantastic, I love it. However,  I have 2 children and for 79k I would buy another house!
For 80K you can get a custom sprinter van 4×4 camper with offroad equipt and and a way more luxourious and comfy spec.
This car is great however its very small for a camper. Volkswagen will announce their long wheel based version within a few years, so we need to wait a bit for a useful ID Buzz camper
Its way to small.  Range is garbage.
80k 😮🤣🤣🤣 fair play! The depreciation on that will be staggering for VW
It’s way to small for a campervan.
Y el baño para mesr donde está ?
Tiene batería de 82 pero en realidad son 77 brutas
Speaking of camping, you can camp in a Tesla model 3, they sell a mattress and everything
From Australia: "Hob"! Ha Ha Ha
£80k says enough. If you buy this you are a mug.
what about strage ? surf boards ?
this man is living my dream, I'm still 13 but I have a dream of living like this. You just earned yourself another subscriber!
Bathroom??
As a vw T3 westfalia owner this looks horrible and cheap. 80k for small space and badly engineered kitchen and table that you have to store in the back. Sooo horrible. For that money you can buy T3 and fit electric motor to it and have some money left over
Top Job chap 🤘
It's a cool toy but you've got to be loaded to justify spending 80k on such a limited van. You can get one of those big mondial campers with a full on shower/toilet for a similar price and as a VW comparison ive got a t6.1 which has a full size double bed, pull out kitchenette, and mucj more space in general for about 37k all in.
can you imagine living inside it ? what a nightmare... I would go everyday eating outside and let the bed done daily... and for the night curtains... I would change them all for something much more convenient.
80 GRAND!!!!!!
the bed is flipping tiny. It looks smaller than a std 3/4 width R&R bed youd get in a T6 / T6.1 transporter. Also, completely pointless under sink storage. When its filled with stuff (as a camper van would be) you cant use the flip out sink thing from the other sliding door...Poor design
Electric camper are coming but shame VW have made a van too small which will allow others to take there spot. Can’t see these taking off for family camping. What you missed was the rear storage and under bed. Small?
Terrible
a need motor home in overnight in Manchester
Nice looking van, but for camping i will stick with my r6 lwb. Cheers for the review.
FYI, any pan that is magnetized on the bottom can be used on an induction hob.
could you go out in a caravan and if so could you review a elddis crusader
I am just not seeing the £80k  in this , not even close .
Nice features. But an uplift of 34k pounds (45k vs 79k)  is far to high for just this uplift with very basic materials in my point of view. Most people who are interested in this kind of upgrades on a higher level, will wait for the extended version.
Only for people with too much money FACT
Another stupid EV for climate cretins clowns to buy. So they can camp at the end of their road.
The build quality looks very under par to me its just a very expensive grey uninspiring van you can keep your £80g vw!
Your mic/ sound quality isn't great.
Only £79k !!!😂😂😂still there are some people with money to chuck around & get  one on pcp or lease deal...no one in there right mind would actually buy one 😂
Its Pointless… Where do i plug it in , in the Middle of the Brecon Beacons ?  Where do i plug it in , in the Scottish highlands ???  Where do i plug it in in the Middle of the Nowhere. ?  Or do we have to take a Diesel Generator 😂😂😂😂😂😂… Utterly pointless…. Also where you parked up to stay the night you were buggered for recharging for the next day’s travel..  But hey its a Review so you hopped No One Noticed ,, 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 FFS 🤦‍♂️
Looks nice, but 80k! Think I’d rather have a Porsche
Diesel equivalent 600+ miles range. 3 min charge time. Wouldn't touch this with someone else barge pole!
80k vw are making that dieselgate money back fast charging more for evs because nobody knows the true worth of an ev people are only getting a test car when they buy a ev manufacturers must be laughing when someone buys one
Long wheel base comes out next year. Better to convert. So when bed down be some leg room.
Smallest pop top I’ve ever seen
I.’d trade the kitchen for a toilet any day of the week. An quirckness as criterium???
Who would be crazy enough to want an electric campervan? The whole idea is to get away to remote and off-the-beaten-track places. You're not going to be able to do that in an electric tourer. Plus, it will be worthless in about five years' time when the whole Green transport thing collapses in on itself because it's just not workable.
Great idea but is it really worth an extra £35k?
Its extreme price tag defeats the sole purpose of it. Not at just the converted model, but the base unit too.
English people will always say “ it’s not bad “ with reference to something they’ve cooked. Even if it actually is…
I have a t6.1 204 dsg highline kombi swamper camper built by Van Haven.  It's just the best vehicle I have ever owned
£79,000  🤣😅
No exhaust while cooking?
165W of solar, for when you want to charge, your iPhone mini.
Don’t you mean a Ford VW
I'm looking forward to the Canoe i the USA. But I'm 6'4. Modular would be better.👍🇨🇦
Horrible,hateful,soul less "things" not fit for van life and will be the end of real van life.,And £80,000 ?? Rich middle classes,playing at Van Life, will be the only ones who can afford these things. And the interior is cheap and nasty,if you're impressed with this,you're easily pleased. I've seen other videos of yours and its muppets like you who are ruining "real: van life.
How to kill a classic VW..nothing nice looking about EVs..
Great video Will, I hope one day full time van life in an EV will be possible.  Also, I know that park up - you did well not to get any doggers or boy racers turning up during the night 😂
what would be good is if you go to a campsite plug in on electric hookup and it charges all batteries incoding the battery for the motor
How much does it weigh? And how far can you go before it needs to be recharged?  How long will the batteries last?  You ever going to go back to van life to enjoy life?  Why?  Could it be just a waste of time and money?
£80 grand !!!
Does it have a diesel night heater 🤔🇬🇧
needs the LWB when it comes over here but decent start
will it spin its weels?
here in south africa you can buy quite an decent house with yard,3 bedroom and proper bathroom and kitchen for that price. sounds more like a ripof for that price vw,not worth it at all.
Mentioned nothing about heating or how well you think the van would cope through the seasons. Seems to me as a fair weather van. Perhaps you should have a score category for that, and another for practicality of being out and about camping re all you need to take. Seems to me this is a summer overnight/weekend festival set up.
Is there more room in your old galaxy
Great video as always.you’re getting spoilt in an 80 K camper but we still love ya.
Everything electric ... except the pop top 😅
I VERY MUCH THAT AND WISH TO HAVE THAT KIND OF VIHICLE SIR
Please let the next vehicle be a Toyota Prius..that would be so cool to see you try n pull that one off lol
I have to ask why there aren't two solar panels mounted when there appears to be room?  I would think that at the price another solar panel wouldn't be much of a dent and, surely, you need all you can get especially with UK weather?
Where’s the loo 💩?
nice but worth £80k????
It'll keep you warm a night 🤣
Who will be selling this van now that TC Conversions have ceased trading?
👍
Just to let you know you only need to put your foot on the break pedal to start the vehicle. I’ve owned an ID.3 and now an ID.4. I would like to see one of the passenger versions converted as they are much nicer on the interior over the commercial cargo version. Sadly they are about £10k more to buy though before the conversion.
Only an idiot would buy this
No toilet, at least a cassette toilet?
Think we have more room and options ...... https://youtu.be/wJnRCm-Uml4
Worth the pop top bbmu
These small campers are fine till you hit the age when you need to pee at 4 am and you can’t get to or there isn’t a porta potti.
You're so lucky you spent most of your time inside it so you didn't have to look at it. What the hell are VW thinking of with toy like design.
The greenwashing in this video is insane
1:07 it charges from 5% to 80% in about half an hour. That’s actually ridiculous.“ Correct. That is ridiculous….ly long
1:07 it charges from 5% to 80% in about half an hour. That’s actually ridiculous.“ Correct. That is ridiculous….ly long
Great video! Such a cosy little camper, hope you’re okay! X
Mate wild camp in the woods
you have come a long way from sleeping in the ford galaxy well done William
From Toronto 💕 it will
sleeps 4 ??? 😂
'4 berth', yeaaaah. If their demographic is for electric dwarfs then they've hit the nail on the head. Until there's more chargers, faster charger, higher capacity batteries and more range then i think electric campers are a complete joke. A nice idea but a camper is for exploring. You ain't got the range to explore a lot of places. Tech ain't there, yet.
Cute van, but wayyyy too small
for its price its a terrible vehicle only the plebs will rave about this haha
That is one awesome little camper 😊👍
200 miles battery range😂 good luck when someone want go for holiday to Europe with this campervan
Stupid thumbnails get a block for the channel…
We have a lot of electricity in Europe? So, why then it is so expensive? 🤔
And they say there’s no money about and times are hard.  Some people have too much.
What a marvelous experience!  Thank you for taking us along.
Would still rather have a Bongo. Mazda have really missed a trick.
Hay,will same price as my house.
I’ll give it a solid 3/5 overall … Having it as a spare room in the garage though would be nice! 😎👍✨
There is one big advantage with this EV camper van is whe you are recharging you have a pleasant place to wait whilst the camprr
Top Gear, eat your heart out!
Very expensive for what it is  Not sure it would be suitable for a woman on her own as just getting the interior ready for sleeping & the pop up roof needs a bit of brute strength  Quirky & Gimmicky
79k for a van that you have to put your arms out the window when using the sink! Brilliant!😂 Ass has fallen out the EV market, it will just be tesla type people that buy these. Stupid money for a day van! 4 berth! Hahaaaaaaaaaaa! Still really enjoyed your presentation of it Will, thankyou!
Hi Will, how’s you, good to see you again, I would rather have a vintage VW camper, the price of one of those is crazy, I can’t even afford an electric car,  how many power points are going to be in the countryside, it’s a nice van, but there’s no exciting colours , it’s pretty boring inside, looks like every other new camper van inside, expect the ones that people have designed themselves. Once the bed has been set up, there’s no room for anything. It’s not for me, thank you Will for showing us around this VDub.. all the best. Xxx
These aren't in the U.S. yet,  but I'm pretty sure they'll be a big hit! And yes, yet another shot of you....let's say...in your natural environment! 😂😂😂 great fun and great review/video...thanks!
I like it and the use of the space is well thought out but for the price I think you could get something with a lot more space. The charging network is so far behind still that I’m not sure I’d consider electric vehicles for a few years yet.
Only you would use a knife that's actually almost as big as the kitchen itself 🤣🤣🤣 in the voice of crocodile Dundee "that's not a knife" this is a knife 🤣🤣🤣
Great initial start for a VW Buzz Camper, but needs improvement. A bed needs to be set up without stepping outside the van and shouldn't require so much effort. The kitchen is too utilitarian commercial looking. It isn't a warm and inviting space - yet. Early days,and I'm sure future incarnations will see a better bed, kitchen and aesthetics. A promising future though!
Is that Caerphilly?
I thought there would have been a few more mishapes that's what makes the videos so funny.
Very well presented, with no bs. Keep these coming. You are as entertaining as anyone off the TV.  Well done 👍
Worst looking thing on the road
What was the power like I  the morning buddy great vid 😊
Really cool camper van Will!  Thanks for sharing.
VW lupo
Too small, expensive, tiny payload, range is a joke, heavy and I don’t believe ev’s are any more green than my t6.1!
80000GBP for that 😂😂😂😂😂
Will at 1m 27s I can tell you won't dare test this vehicles range or the charging time, just spout the usual EV Bollox all you gullible youngsters believe.  After all it is charged by the conventional coal/gas powered grid with lots of efficiency loss along the way, It's madness! #ClimateHoax
Its a fashion item. Thats all.    Pretty but impractical.  Like a rolex or a ferrari, the people that will buy it will get for how it makes them look. The shallow will lap it up.  It will sell bucket loads.  Good business vw👍
It’s a stunning looking van like beautiful . But man the price of them things is crazy and I don’t see any thing to warrant the price of them . You can get much bigger and much better for a lot less money . But I’m so glad you FINALY got on one Iv been waiting to see this van . Great vid bro
You lads are knocking it out of the park 😎 Am looking forward to the next 1 😎
a lot of coin for a bit of foam in a small box, so a good transit and an argos sofa bed it is, keep the change gain more space
Nope, not for me. Too cramped. Way too expensive, I need a mortgage to buy this 😂😂
A very expensive totally not fit for purpose camper van, with no room inside no storage, no room for a proper bed and with a ridiculously small range. It will definitely save the planet though, because nobody would want to use it ( apart from you ). 0 /10.
Great looks but that pop top needs to be electric. Sorry but I would never have a camper van without a loo!  Looking forward to seeing the longer wheel base .
Hmm, interesting. Don't think I'd pay that much for a campervan thats basically the same size as the Alphard!
What a video hun we'll put together
Loved the review, looking forward to more !!!
Very nice but to small 😊
One thing I will always dislike about a VW campervan, is once the bed is out, you can’t get to any snack cupboards… no midnight snackies.. (probably says more about me than then van 😅)
Will depreciate faster than Pamela Anderson' fake t1ts
Hey why don't you make sweet n sour chicken with egg fried rice in your next build 😊
Will, try a bike camper.
Hi Will nice looking van, I hate your roads reminds me of the ones in my country too  narrow ,I would not drive there lol ,thanks for sharing stay safe
I guess if your 5 ft 4 in tall it will be an ok fit.
Mmmm dunno.  ❤
I definitely won’t buy one of these what a load 😫
I love the way it looks. Not sure if I would use it for camping. I'd get something bigger. Great as a family minivan. I just question Volkswagen reliability. I could imagine the cost of maintenance. Great job Will! Love your videos.
What a load of sh1t
I hope that’s RED protective film still on the bed and table and the conversion company hasn’t fitted RED units 🤦🏻‍♂️ the Buzz is amazing but conversion looks cheap…
Will, you are the only YouTuber that I watch from start to finish...
Still prefer Mary!
Great video! My honest opinion, these electric vehicles especially for camping are absolute dog 💩 I had a t6.1 cali. Great vehicle but have since traded it for a motorhome which does a significantly better job. Not a fan of these newer versions especially for the price
Came for the hunk, stayed for the production value! Well done Will!! the videos are coming together beutifly!!! and you... well... you are a piece of art!!! Keep up the good work! Cheers.
Even smaller than the Jimny? Unless it’s a FIAT 500 I have no idea.
Great video... absolutely awful vehicle 😂
Almost all would regret buying after a very short while
❤
Nice boxers haha
Phew for 80 grand i could stay in the best hotels for the rest of my life!!  Good looking vehicle though. Interior a bit cramped. Well done with the presentation Will
Cute van, good video. Well explained.
Last time I saw a pair of legs like that they had a note tied around one and were attached to a pigeon
Very nice EV camper Will, I was nearly worried you was going to drain the batteries with the cooking, that would have been hell of a blooper. Can't wait for the smallest camper you've ever been in, it should have me on the floor with laughter.
Appreciate you don't enjoy them as much anymore but I loved it when you were at your stealth camping best in the Ford Galaxy - there was something simple and special about those videos - what got me into your channel. Hopefully we can get some stealth camping videos in the coming colder days in Mary! Just know you may think the stealth camping videos are maxed out but we simply can't get enough!!! Keep up the good work mate.
I really really like your video's, but in my opinion its an ugly thing haha. In the Netherlands its close to 70k euro's stock ridiculous.
It might be a cool looking van on the outside, but my God, looks like a terrible camping vehicle, and the interior is so BORING.... give me an 1980s Talbot camper with brown tweed seats ANY DAY 😂
£79.000. You could buy a motorhome much cheaper, im sure.
Price if the T6.1 LWB 204 bhp just went though the roof! The buzz won’t sell well
Very cramped for 80k!  We had a 2004 T5 , loads more room and storage. The kitchen in my Fiat Doblo is bigger than that! I could travel a long long way on the difference in price too!!
I'm not a fan of new modern vehicles,  they lack character in my opinion. Great video as always though 👍
👍🙂👍
£80k for that! Bloody hell someone must be off their rocker to part with their money for the van.
Hello
Yet another brilliant video and a perfect underpants shot. Keep it going.❤️‍🔥❤️‍🔥
This van is more our size for sleeping. I agree that is a short term camping van. there is not much room when you put the bed down. But it is a neet set up for the size.
Great video but that van is s#it
i want one. 😊
Too small inside and same old layout. Not worth half the price in my opinion.
Love evs.   On my third.   The lwb version of the buzz is out next year I believe.   Will have more space.  Best wishes
that was too smooth for an Will's Whereabouts video. Still a good one. PLease a long range battery test.
Should have taken it to the car park by Wisley on the A3/M25 for shits and giggles.
I love how VW made the right decision not to call the ID Buzz a Transporter.
30k max, could get a motorhome 3x as big for 80k
Great road test! Lived with my wife in our T2 for nine months back in the '80s and have to say it had a lot more space, so for me that wins! Progress?
too easy. Bah.
Onlyfans?
I wanna see you cook AND EAT banoffee pie 🤔  in a camper.... challenged 😈
It never will be built ! Its to heavy.
Your Brave Will, hope it don,t burst into flames while your sleeping
80k!!!!!! bad value for money. cant believe it does not all run off the main battery
If the bed is not a double or a single,  is it a dingle!?
Another great video will… what part of wales were you? X
It's an over priced turd buz.
It’s a bag of electrical shit
i so dont like this vw ill stick to my t5
Love your video, hate electric being forced on us, everyone always says up to a certain amount of range!!!!! I wanna be told what the minimum range(actual) range!!!!
Whoever designed the VW camper van must have assisted with those shorts, there is so much crammed in. Mmmm.
I got about the same for 20K... just saying.
£80.000 lot of money for it .but fun vidio.🚙⛺️🏴󠁧󠁢󠁷󠁬󠁳󠁿
Great video. Needs to be a lwb 😂
Humm, very careful of you.... Now actually drive it somewhere... like nc 500?? Looked like an £80k iphone to me. Does anyone recommend  Kenny Everetts " nice but tim"?
Nice van but a bit pricey. Get a few Mary's for that.
Old videos when you were camping in car parks were more fun
citroen 2cv next?
The water fill point right next to the electric charging point .... haha c'mon who designed THAT
Sussex Campervans NV200?
I wonder if there's a setting to turn the beeping off. That would get annoying😊
Good video as usual Will but not a practical van at all, no room, not a camper in my opinion, more of a day van. Only one positive and that’s seeing a half naked man get out to get dressed 😂😂
Nice vid will, 😊😎👍
Nice van for the 15% of people than can afford it.  Please do drive it as far as the battery will go and hopefully you’ll kill the battery in the process necessitating another few kids to dive into the cobalt mines for a year for 10p a day so VW can score some more ESG credits.
Super vid as allways
Good
Another great video!!! Love it!!
5:36 No need to brag! 😂😂😂
One of my neighbors owns one of these they look kinda different for a camper.
Great vlog Will🎉🎉 😮
This is an interesting vehicle. The range is not huge for a travel vehicle, so, it makes you think… How do cooking and especially heating the vehicle impact the range? The latter is a big question up here in 🇫🇮
What happened  to hello fresh lol
Looks great however for 80k I think your mostly paying for the Battery and electric motors because the inside looks very cheapo. Imagine the Diesel Van you could build for 80k!
if this is conversion done by VW than shame on them ,,, it use to be iconic German engineering but this look more likely to be build by fella from Kent on tight budget
As a past ower of a 1974 T2 and a 1980 T25, this looks like a great piece of kit. TS have done a sterling job. The long wheel-base coming soon may allow Will to put his strides on without his viewers suffering! Great Vid mate.
Am I wrong waiting for something to go wrong🤣? A lot of faffing about with muscle power needed - not for me, but great video as always👍👍 Yes would like to see how far you can drive in it, be near a charge point though😃
What a video! Will you the man!
Time to pack all of this away as he pulls his trousers up. 😂😂😂
Very impressive if ya got the coin for it, looks stunnin but really just for a night or 2 away, an nice bit of flesh too pal u tease 😅 VERY impressive! Nearly as good as the van 😅😂
Looks really nice but wow, it costs so much! I'll stick with my '94 Toyota Hiace Cruising Cabin😃
As much as it is a cute little thing there's a lot of muscle power involved and it feels like it needs some more engineering done.
Sexy.   Nice chest ….  Also enjoyed you in just your undies.   😊
A night in that I'd be ready to come home ,sell it and get two weeks in Greece to forget about it..
Do you still remember Nepal 🇳🇵
All electrics are smooth as a babies bum to drive, nice looking van tho and this time u had room to sleep lol. I enjoyed the video thanks for sharing x
good to see you back doing your thing will, for the 1st time in ages, nothing went wrong!!!   ha ha
Lovely but madness at 70 thousand pounds  Go buy at nice motorhome......
The price is ridiculous and the layer is not great.  A bit more thought and they could have made a better job.  But interesting to see one in action.
Will where have you been? Missed watching your videos.
So they put the charge port under the water fill port?! That sounds like a pour design 😂! Being alot of the efforts with this van involve opening that backdoor i see large insect issues! However the nice thing with these vans that have the "rock-'n'-roll bed" is you can still use them to transport friends! But as a 6 footer or 2 meter person this seems a bit cramped
How much….. thats a 2 person van max. The finish inside doesn’t look that great tbf 😮
All these vehicles your testing are not a patch on yours will I would pick your van over all of them that's a compliment to how well you have built your van 👍
Ive been looking forwould to this one when read the newsletter.
Watching from Nepal ❤
Good looking van, looking forward to watching the video later on👍
Was wondering whereabouts you where lol
Enjoyable video as always
Enjoyable video as always
Looking forward to this one 😊
If you want to see a VW ID Buzz challenge video where I drive this as far as the battery will take me, GIVE THIS COMMENT A LIKE & SUBSCRIBE!
