Let us know your thoughts on the new trailer. If you enjoyed this video then please subscribe to the channel https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCq3hT5JPPKy87JGbDls_5BQ?sub_confirmation=1  *Check out our BEST new videos below* *Indiana Jones Trailer Breakdown* - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mCCAJNqTer4 *Super Mario Bros Trailer Breakdown* - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pyg6bb7RiEc *The Prestige Breakdown* - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D9xIY5UkRi4 *GOTG Holiday Special Breakdown* - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9KhES6VE288 *Andor Ending Explained* - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d9gsOhg5V3U
Yea everyone is a dead
we are rocket
I am rocket
If they kill Rocket i'm done with the MCU completely.. Fuck you MCU!
Getting sick of the MCU killing off characters. Don't they know any other way to end a story?
Wait WHAT!! mantis is peter quills sister 😮😮
The Guardian's are probably not arriving in New York - it looks like it, but look really closely at the details. It's more likely another planet where they land in that hybrid scene.
Ant man and rocket from phase 2 to phase 5 amen 🙏
I think star lord should sacrifice himself not that i hate the charecter but it would reedem him for punching thanos and a send of for the guardiands
Yup
Would be so sad if these movies are coming to an end. I love these characters
Rocket and Drax will die in this movie.
Idk why, but I think Peter is the one who's gonna died alongside drax
Brilliant breakdown, as usual 👍🏼
I hope starlord still has his helmet
Pretty sure Drax is going to die in this. After all, he really has no purpose anymore since his goal to avenge his wife and daughter has been accomplished, now that Thanos is dead. I think it would make the most sense for his character to die in this and then he can be reunited with this family
Rocket is going to die! Mark my words
I believe Rocket will die on this one too 😭 and am not ready for it
So I was having a little conversation with one of my friends and it dawned on me that maybe Drax is the one who is going to die. Hear me out he doesn't probably want to do any more of the Guardians of the Galaxy movies or maybe his contractors so maybe they're killing him off?.. what do you think?
So I was having a little conversation with one of my friends and it dawned on me that maybe Drax is the one who is going to die. Hear me out he doesn't probably want to do any more of the Guardians of the Galaxy movies or maybe his contractors so maybe they're killing him off?.. what do you think?
James Gunn you traitor hahahahahah
The guardians is why I love comic movies, and wish Hollywood would take more chances with unknown characters. Prior Guardians was a niche thing only die hard comic fans knew about them, yet now everyone loves baby Groot, probably kids wanting a walk man or jacket like Star Lord. Gunn was able to fill this group with so much personality and character you don't get to see often.
I thought Thanos killed the Collector in Infinity War when he took the reality stone.
Well Gamora and Groot already died. I am thinking it will be Drax so Bautista can follow Gunn to try and save DC.
Spoiler🔥 it’s the setup to rocket getting his android body in there next movie appearance 😉
G3 Aka the last good marvel flick
That is absolutely not New York. Statue of Liberty is in the wrong spot and there are no mountains in the background of NY.
Drax should die since Bautista doesn't want to play him anymore
i have a weird feeling that Rocket gets some sort of happy ending. I think that its quite possible that we're getting teased with a switcheroo, and Peter and Drax at least die, possibly Nebula as well.
I swear if rocket dies I’m going to lose my mind
Great content as usual 👏 👏
So mad that Gunn is gone. I loved everything about GOTG
I think Cosmo might die
At first I thought that was Statue of Liberty too, but it looks like the legs was spread
I hate that everyone's creating expectations because it usually leads to disappointment
I think Drax dies since Dave Bautista doesn't want to play him anymore. That shot of New York WAS NOT EARTH! I pretty sure the Guardians will be heading to Counter-Earth.
From watching this, and the way rocket talks in the trailer, it seems like he’s gonna die 😢
Naw they will not kill any major characters because this is the end until they pay more money
I’m not ready for this one. Actually kind of dreading it because it seems like it’s gonna be a real emotional one. For that selfish reason I wished they had kept the really fun spontaneous vibe of the first two.
Complete misdirection, Drax will be the one who dies to meet up in the afterlife with his family
Spoiler, Dave Bautista, this will be his final performance in the Guardians of the Galaxy his character will die heroically, and repeat these words first heard in  Guardians of the Galaxy 2014, I will fight beside you, and in the end, I will see my wife and daughter again. As for Rocket, he explained in Guardians of the Galaxy 2014,Oh what the hell. I don't get that long a lifespan, anyway. Keep in mind Rocket at this time is becoming an old man, and happy to be back in the arms of his lover, think retirement. About Groot, we have meet baby Groot, Teenager Groot, and now we meet the young adult Groot, and also remember the original Groot was hundreds of years old
I think Peter is going to die and Adam takes over
Clearly counter earth and the New Men
Did James Gunn just put an Among Us reference with that colored spacesuits?
Drax finally wear some clothes. He said his nipples were sensitive 🤣
i mean honestly we should all just watch the movie when it comes out instead of ruining the movie like what happened with spiderman NWH
I really hope Rocket doesn't die I love Rocket
May 2023 just can’t arrive any faster 🤦🏽‍♂️ but hey  Ant Man is only two months away so we get to see Kang 🥳
High Evolutionary looks LAF on here.
Quil discovers he's Adam Warlocks father and after a rough start between Father and Son and seeking revenge against Nebula because of what Thanos did to his world, He ultimately joins the Guardians of the Galaxy after discovering Quil to be his Father the source of the genetic material that created him and Adam ultimately helps to stop the High Evolutionary who also created him as a consignment product for the High Golden Pristus Aysha of the Sovereign, and it also happens the High Evolutionary is also the creator of Rocket. The events begin with the last of the children of Thanos gathering to fill a power vacuum left in the absence of the late Thanos and the absolute destruction of the Chatari the backbone of Thanos's empire destroyed  by the infinity gauntlet at rhe hands of Tony Stark, The extinction of  the Chatari threatens the collapse of Thano's empire as enemies of Thanos including the Sovereign and others view it an opportunity to move in to seize territory and real-estate annexed  by Thanos and his  Chatari forces, to destroy the last vestiges of Thanos"s remaining power in the Galaxy, While Gamora is off hunting down the children of Thanos to kill them off with her actions causing division and mistrust among them while they  fight and monger over what's left of thier fathers empire and forces.  The decimated XAANDAR' and its Nova Corps experiences a slow recovery from the attack by Thanos forcing Xaandar into protecting itself unable to assist other worlds, The Ravager Pirates have purchased the remaining hulk of the Celestial head  Nowhere and are acting as a protective force for several worlds against those attempting to take advantage of the Thanos aftermath and the power vacuum caused by his death.  The High Evolutionary emerges, seizing the opportunity to take advantage of the disarray and chaos among the Children of Thanos to fill the power vacuum himself as they fight and sqabble over whats left of Thano's Empire himself emerging as a much greater more emmediate threat to the Universe beginning by luring Rocket into a trap with a trail of bread crumbs by dropping hints about the location of a lost loved one of Rockets of whome he's been searching for, leading Rocket into going off on his own to mount his own rescue mission only to  end up captured himself in need of rescue by the Guardians of the Galaxy, Who after receiving a distress signal from Rocket go off in search for him on counter Earth ultimately leading them to the High Evolutionaries Celestial project in space  that he's been growing into a celestial,  but needs Rocket to complete his plans because somethings different and unique about Rockets genetics that will resolve a critical problem in the High Evolutionaries plans to recreate the Nowhere beheaded Celesrial into an army of mass produced Celestial"s he can command and control against the Universe whos been the financial strength behind  the mining operations of the Nowhere beheaded Celestials head the entire time to obtain the Celestial"s  biomatter for his ultimate project only to be thwarted by the  Guardian's of the Galaxy at great cost rumored to be the self  sacrificing death of Rocket and possibly one or two other characters as well.  The plot will focus on Rockets origin story, Quill as a father and the power vacuum caused by the death of Thanos and the aftermath  effects of the destruction left behind and the plans of the High Evolutionary to create an army of celestials revealed as the financial power behind the former mining operations of Nowhere the severed head of an ancient Celestial which was designed to be the finally focus of the end plot going back as far as the first film where we now find out who's been backing the mining operations and what his plans for the mined materials will be.
This is both the last guardians movie, and likely the last good mcu film lol
What if that shot of Star Lord somberly listening to tunes in the Bowie isn't about Gamora but about losing Rocket?  I'm Theory Time-ing that more of the movie will focus on Rocket more than Gamora. Ultimately, I'm thinking there's gonna be more losses than we're emotional prepared for.  Also, the original Russian dog died on that initial flight. Russian's are cold blooded chumps and didn't mind killing of mans best friends.
Oh I can’t wait for the soundtrack. Spacehogs finally getting some love. James Gunn gets comics, music, pop culture and comedy in a synergistic in his films way that few seem to pull off consistently.
I scored an A+ in biology thanks to Kevin’s explanation of evolution 😮🫶🏻
Can't wait for this one!
Wait so are we saying the guardians won’t be in the upcoming avenger movies?
I just watched the trailer and this is the feeling I get aswell.  Hopefully we are all wrong and this is the misdirect.
This sh×t is made to f@ck up kids minds  thru typical programming like  * acceptance of misandry *emasculation *acceptance of evil  *acceptance of bestiality *caucasoid hegemony propaganda Etc.
Considering that the villain made rocket (high evolutionary) i think the villain will end rocket…
Rocket dying will be heartbreaking. Half a year to prepare mentally.
Colorful  suits  as diversyty and masage i swer if its gone end up fucking woke sheet im gone wach it on internet insted of cinema
Drax no...not the kid! 🤦
Believe and trust in Jesus before it’s too late !!❤
Is not rocket is Drax the one who will die remember Batista said he doesn't want to play drax anymore wanting to move to more serious movie roles.
It's not "ba'le" it's battle.
That's not 🌎..it's half world
Which is funnier, Taika or James?
You can't find someone who has been sacrificed. The Gamora from before Infinity War is gone. Not even an Infinity Gauntlet could get her back.
James Gunn rocks
I just know it's going to be very sad.
Meh. They'll bring him back in volume 4.
🤔is Hollywood stars ⭐ the grave ⚰️site🙊🙉🙈
Looks the boss,  at least 4 shots in that trailer that teases a potential character deaths and also confirms none of those.  A great trailer and so long to wait.
Did Disney pay you, screencrush, and new rockstars to only cover their movie trailers and not transformers: rise of the beasts?
I'm actually glad Gunn is getting a better opportunity with the DCEU. I'm sure he'll help produce some amazing movies.
love how they gave them their classic suits, and that new ship they got is definitely gonna be a Lego set I want.
Low Expectation
It's kind of crazy that this trailer breakdown has more views than Avatar 2 did 1 month ago on the same channel. I hope Avatar 2 breaks 2 billion but the more I see interviews and stuff about the movie. The more it's daunting on me that it might not even break 1.5billion at the box office.
* Behold, the righteous shall be recompensed in the earth: much more the wicked and the sinner.   (Proverbs 11:31) * Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ, and thou shalt be saved, and thy house.   (Acts 16:31) * Repent; or else I will come unto thee quickly, and will fight against them with the sword of my mouth.   (Revelation 2:16)
Are the new spacesuits the same colors as the infinty stones?
Wait I thought Thanos traded grimora for the soul stone?
Rocket better not die
Thanks Paul!
I don’t think that’s New York. I think that’s a earth replica
Rocket should die.  He has to make way for non-binary representation of trash pandas.
*SHORT ANSWER DONT WATCH VIDEO* just look at the color of the title it’s rockets colors just like the other titles they all had the color of who died in the movie
was just thinking rockets life is short he should be dead.
High evolutionary never keeps his failures.
New space suits remind me of the united colors of Benetton  ad from the 80’s.
6:31 *AMOGUS*
Amogus?
Click bait BS
I can’t wait. I love GOTG
The Alt-Right got James Gunn fired from Disney, then they wanted that Billy, then he worked with WB and Mickey Mouse brought him back and now he's spearheading DC for the future.. His "dead baby" Tweets made him a BILLIONAIRE.
I always loved Peter and Gamora
Next Eternals project? That's a joke. The first movie was a bomb and no one wants to see another.
The Guardians are definitely returning and in a major way one day with a powerhouse new roster, we need Moondragon and Quasar stat Fiege
13:19 like whooo? The ones we’ve seen are surely all dead 😂
12:39 I have heard that which is a shame as he’s pretty much done nothing as impactful in the MCU as he has in the comics but he’s amazinggg still and one of THE funniest moments of the MCU for me is Drax throwing that dodgeball back at the kid and taking them out 🤣 she giggles like a kid would at first and then he just stares her down after he nearly takes her head off 😂
12:12 a member of the enclave? A nice spot by Voss over at NR
Peter and Gamora don't end up together...  You know. Like Sam and Diane.
Mani in the building 🤣👏🏽
Am I the only one who doesn’t want a Quill and Gamora relationship? It never say right with me from the first one tbh
I’ve had crazy frog on the mind lately and just managed to get rid of it 🤦🏽‍♂️ now you’ve gone and put it back into my brain 😂 thanks Paul
They should of had a scene in endgame of Rocket or someone saying “Pete, she probably dusted away and he ends up believing it then she just shows up in GotG 3 instead of being shown in a trailer and it’s an actually a nice surprise, I think Marvel could cut back on some reveals and tbh that might of saved some of phase 4
Guardians of the galaxy in the spiritual world,the real meaning who can defeat the Evil and with what!.The invincible keris.
We are groot 🪵
Ugh. Another one? I'll wait for it to stream and maybe watch it then.
Until now, the only mcu franchise that got my attention.
I didn't know this was going to be the last Guardians movie until I saw your video. It's a little sad to know, because you end up getting attached to the characters, especially if you say that one of them might die. Although thanks to the fact that we are now in the multiverse phase, there is always the hope of seeing them again somehow. In my case, I hope to see Gamora or Nebula on more occasions. Rocket is my favorite, so I'll probably have to go with tissues to the movies. Thanks for letting me know in advance, that's why I like your videos.
I give up, and wish you well.
I don’t think that’s Earth I think it’s a planet full of hybrids stuck in the 80s. Look at the cars houses and there outfits. It was probably created by the High Evolutionary
This sounds terrible. I hope the movie is much better.
GOTTA be a wuss and spoil it for others with the big news in the title.  BLOCKED !!!!!!!!!!!!  You can ALWAYS tell the little veggie people a mile away.
Rocket ❤
Did Chris Pratt get fat ?
He lives and gets to mate with the otter.
So are they going to hire a skilled taxidermist?, or perhaps make him into a Davy Crocket style hat? These are examples of xeno-racism or just CGI- Phobia, take your pick.
I am super excited for this movie!
If it is the last one, please just close it. Finish off all the story webs...
Meh…. Who cares. I’ve gotten sick of all of the woke crap.
Rocket dies I can’t support marvel anymore because I know they’ll replace him with some sort of female animal 😅🤦🏽‍♂️
I’m predicting that it’s Mantis is going to die. That’s why they made her Starlord’s sister.
It's Drax, Dave already said he's getting to old to hold that shape for the character. Rocket is CGI, he can stay forever without changing.
WHY would you post something like this  ?????
Guys, it’s Drax. Some amazingly stupid suggestions in comments. Rocket ready to embrace it and everything but Drax gets it, as Heavy said completing his arc. Rocket is finally confronting his past, finds his girlfriend and as we know he also exist in the infinite possibilities, can be brought back to life etc and overall doesn’t give anything so impactful to this version’s arc except prematurely die and also we know the character has a lot of adventures with Lylla.. it just doesn’t make sense, cheep dead animal trigger instead of just imagine a short scene of Drax reuniting with his family in afterlife right after a dramatic sacrifice, that would be some Endgame level stuff! Showing Rocket die on screen will just be disrespectful to the character and us forced to watch this version’s fate :)
If rocket died I blame the Marvel fans. Everyone kept talking shit about how Marvel plays it safe all the time and now it's like they can't make a single movie without killing a few important characters off.
11:30 Wait what happen to Drax’s nipples?
If Rocket is the family’s dog then he dead. Source: God of War Ragnarok
Did gamora get revived or am I missing something?
Hope it is not as sad as you predict.
at 3:43 its the Among Us crewmates
If rocket dies, I don't think I can carry on watching mcu anymore
If you pause at the right time when Quill is screaming, you can see someone in the reflection of his eyes. I think it's Drax...
Yeah Rocket dies.
Rocket gives himself to bring gamora back is what I took away from it
Thanks for the breakdown and this teaser trailer is exactly what it gives.  Way too many teases.  With warlock finally making his appearance and the high evolution!
Gonna best mcu movie in 3 yrs
First time a trailer made me want to tear up
I miss Jared Easter eggs
I’m crying through the breakdown just like I did the trailer… I’m not ready 😢❤
Dude you gotta stop with the heavy spoils in the title. How do I block you? Jesus. Just don’t need to hear about rocket dying before seeing the movie.
it's going to be impossible to keep the tears in for this one in the theater...
Mantis mother looks fine as fuck.
To be fair, evolution doesn’t work like anything when it comes to changing species. Genetic information is degraded with every genetic change and those degradations are frozen in place, meaning that evolution is actually devolution. It’s all in the biochemistry. Darwin Devolves by Michael Behe. Put it on the reading list for the new year.
there was a holiday special?
I think the trailer was fantastic. Definitely conveys that this movie will handle some much darker themes compared to 1 and 2. That scene of Peter where it looks like they are trying to save someone and he's having an absolute breakdown leads me to believe that it's one of the guardians death scenes. Can't wait to see the film. Thanks for another  amazing video!
Oh hell nah a planet of furries
Honestly I think rocket is a misleading of who is gonna really die which in my opinion is drax
Dude is scared to misgender a DOG 😂
You did a great job but were you Transformers rise of the Beast breakdown waiting for that one you get a chance to see it
Such a shame They are removing Gunn from directing more. The Base looks close to the outside entry point to the belly buttom with skin as its strains that have curled after years in space and cold.
This movie cannot afford to fail lol. Disney is getting so screwed right now. I hope if this is the last Marvel movie, that this movie will be awesome.
I don't think that's Earth proper (as in where we live). The High Evolutionary is linked to Counter Earth in the comics. The sheer amount of hybrids living out in the open hints at that. Although they will probably abandon the idea, Scarlet Witch and Quicksilver are linked to the High Evolutionary as well. Lastly, let's hope Adam Warlock is a more enduring character than some MCU powerhouses. It would be cool to have the Church of Universal Truth exist down the line. That could warrant a new version of the Guardians to be created. The Annihilatiors is another option if they ever get around to introducing Beta Ray Bill or Gladiator or Silver Surfer.
No among us reference regarding the space suits?!
I think they used the possibility of rocket dying for misdirection. Gunn said that Rocket is his favorite character, I would see him wanting to leave the MCU with giving his favorite character a happy ending instead of killing him off.
I honestly doubt they're going to kill rocket but I definitely see him leaving the group to become the leader of the planet of all the upgraded animals that are like him .
The colorful spacesuits reminded me more of 2001 Space odyssey than anything else
I think gunn is very over rated...every movie is "Kill someone off, Focus on obscure quirky characters" he did it w every gaurdians so far and w suicide squad, im glad to see him leaving the mcu, now we just need to get rida tika watiti next...Gaurdians 1 was guns only good movie, Thor ragnarok was taikas, I dont need to watch anything by either one of those hype train carts ever again lol.
I don’t believe it’s earth
guardians has been my favorite marvel by FAR. like the whole team of misfits that somehow we mashed together in a single movie? like how did they do that!? back in the time where they took 5 solo films to lead up to a single team up? guardians 1 was my favorite and i was a loyalist saying to myself the music from 1 was better than guardians 2 and whatnot... turns out i can't decide which album i like better. maybe 2 is even winning. anyway i will def be crying for this movie. please don't kill rocket. i'll have to adopt a racoon if that happens
y are marvel star characters going can't wait for da future
Wasn’t Moon Dragon Drax’s daughter in the comics? She was an avenger too. I’d like to see her show up :)
I dont know if im ready for another "he might have been your father, boy, but he wasnt your daddy" moment. I'm... I'm not strong enough.
I hope Rocket survives, but retires.
Hands down, the best trailer since Endgame. This is what Phase IV was missing.
I highly doubt Rocket dies in this one. He’s a cgi character, they can live on forever, really. A new voice actor can be hired if Cooper decides to leave the project.   If anything, Drax and Nebula will kick the bucket. Quill needs to be there for future marvel flicks. I won’t be surprised if he’s offered a contract to remain within the MCU.
Star lord might die in this movie .
I’m excited for rocket’s origin story
If Rocket dies I am going to find you. I will come all the way to Australia. I don't care. (Yeah I know he is British, it is a joke)
I think the  high evolutioniery is going to be one of the guardians of the universe aka another brother of the collector and the grand master would be a nice tie in
Peter Quill just keeps getting fatter and fatter. Thumbs up if you agree.
Literally spoil the film 6 months before it's even released!!.. JEEZ!!..
I think it would ve ratger beautiful if Peter learns to move on from her and accepting that she really is a completely different person, being a metaphor to.. well really any break-up ever where exes often become strangers of kind at a certain point.  Beautifully touching though
I think the white figure being watched over by the high evolutionary is White Tiger. Keen to see how she plays into this story if it is.
I can't stand that non-sensical 100% aesthetic space costume scene. In no world would they have a completely solid colored costume for each person. It doesn't make sense from a reality perspective at all. It's very distracting, and I honestly don't have much faith in this movie. I get that the Christmas special wasn't that bad, but I see Disney ruining this movie like they ruined Thor 4 and Dr. Strange. I already knew Black Panther was going to be awful so I didn't see it, and everything I've seen only proved me right.
In 11 minutes, advertisements appeared 4 times?! Some cannot be skipped. I'm watching smart TV.. Are you kidding? I turned it off, I'm going to watch a breakdown from others.
Maybe by the end of the film Peter will have a new girlfriend or nurse taking care of him and it will be Kitty Pride
Can't wait man, next year?!
That is 100% not Newyork
The colourful space suits are an Easter egg for AMONG US.....or At least I think they are.
The Mantis line not to forget where they came from might have multiple meanings, could mean to remember Starlord & Gamoras timelines are different or Mantis reminding Peter to think about Ego, being a big, bad, nympho dad if Quill is annoyed at Thanos ruining his relationship with Gamora. Could also be a prompt for Quill to try to keep the Gog family from becoming fractured as it seems Rocket wants to pursue an alternative path.
When did herbert become black? And why the race swap?
I've always really liked Spacehog, never really knew if they were very popular or not but this seems like they will get a big push from this!
11:18 RED SUS
If Rocket dies, I will lose my shit. Drax, I don’t mind at all.  Nice puns chump, keep them coming.
Can't wait to see this movie awesome breakdown as always Ps I'm really tryn win this box set so I can gift it to my wife. Let the comments begin!
Looking forward to gardens on the Galaxy 3. Love the movies hope the characters continue in a bigger way .
drax hitting the little girl/alien with the ball is the funniest thing i have ever seen! and im old!  i'm going to the special hell for people that spontaneously laugh at things like this are'nt i?
I think that we going to have a major arc in Rockets character and his sacrifice to save his family. A touching moment to break our hearts just like groot did..
Rocket can't die, I'd be OK if mantis or Drax go because I agree Drax has to be reunited with his family
I think it was pretty obvious that she is Peter's sister like how else would a living humanoid be inhabiting ego himself?
Not one mention of 2001 a space odyssey?  Multiple shots are a reference to that movie, including the space suits.
I'm not sure why James gunn insists on killing off characters every movie, I understand it adds emotion and gravity to their actions. But you have these characters evolve and grow, then have them learn from their flaws then kill them. It almost renders everything they learned pointless if their learning that lesson on their death bed.
I hope at some point there will be a Punnett Square explanation.
Why was Peter being carried unconscious?
Those space suits are sus
I get AMONG US vibes from their spacesuits
I thought peter dies
Wait what those poor dogs
Why does adams gold paint look so bad compared to gamoras green face and nebulas blue. Maybe zoe and Karen just have super smooth skin
They better get back together
Oh yh why wasn’t gamora dusted😂
Thank You 😀
Gotg is the only thing I care about rn. Thor, MoM, and bp2 were so disappointing
Hate new groot lol
Super excited its been so long. But it pissed me off they’re making it so obvious rocket dies
I think Drax will be the one to die, think Batista wants to move on from playing drax
Someone made a vlog awhile ago saying the colors of the guardians logo refers to which character is gonna die & Rocket was the next one to go
I held it back when Tony died, but if we lose any of our Guardians I'm gonna lose it.😫😭 I've really got a bad feeling Adam Warlock isn't gonna be as OP as we expect, felt a little underwhelmed seeing him here. He's just gonna be a powerful Sovereign Lacky. Hope I'm wrong. Gonna be epic this one.   Big ups Def.💯👊🏾
drax will die
I’m really nervous about who dies in this one.  Also, I really hope the film ends with a new guardians being formed (maybe by Peter?)
The space suits look more like among us characters
Oddly I feel like Quinn is going to die alongside of Rocket
I'm so incredibly excited for this - I never was as excited for guardians before. What is the scene with Peter being carried like he's dead???
It's kinda sad a marvel movie, or trailer even, needs a breakdown. Every little thing has to be dissected because easter egg after easter egg. Can't just watch something and enjoy it anymore. Instead you need to know the history of every character. Song choices have to have this super deep meaning instead of simply being a good song. Guess what though? Marvel is going to kill of most of the Guardians in this movie. People think just Rocket and I'm not sure why. Nebula, Drax, and most likely Mantis will all be killed.  Also at 13:53 Nebula looks way more human in her face. Or whatever species she is. She looks way less robotic. Wonder if this is a flashback or she has the High Evolutionary undo some of the things done to her.
Just hope it's better than the very disappointing 2nd one!
enough killing of characters. its like they were heroes for 5 minutes then die. they are not heros long enough and It takes the steam out of it
bruh director got fired and re hired just to finish the project movie
I think Rocket, Drax & Nebula all DIE 🤷🏼‍♂️
Will we finally see what happens to nova Corps in infinity war
Will we finally see what happens to nova Corps in infinity war
Gunn is a sick guy who just wants to film helpless people being murdered. Suicide Squad might  as well have been a snuff film.  Disney should have gotten rid of him forever.
Rockets gonna die and I'm not ready for that...
Keep in mind that when you see the word “fittest” in the saying “survival of the fittest”, the word doesn’t mean fit as in strongest, or biggest. In the context of natural selection the word fittest is meant to indicate survival is most likely in animals best suited for their environment… who “fit in” to their environment. Sometimes being the strongest organism is not the advantage people suspect, and instead, those who camouflage allows for the best chance at survival and propagation
This trailer gives me the same feeling when you KNOW your favorite character has to die to be the hero, but you desperately want them to find another solution.  I am looking forward to the movie, but not; at the same time.
I'm glad you've dropped that music sting thing you were flirting with - didn't need it IMO
Dam, there wasn’t much of nebula
High evolutionary
Is this the 1st Time Rocket's Called Quill... Pete/r? Anyway Can't Wait for GOTGV3 Especially after The Holiday Special! Cheers HS 🍻
Spoiler Warning for Wakanda Forever would have been cool 😔
Rocket and Peter will die.  Rocket dies to stop the High Evolutionary.  Peter dies saving Gamorra but we get to see him reuniting with his Gamorra. I also think that Bucky's arm will, in some way, be instrumental to defeating the High Evolutionary. That or Rocket will just bitch slap some folk with it.
Is it just me or is chris pratt just given up on working out? No disrespect to him at all he just looks a bit more wide for some reason,  idk if it's the suit or wat lol. Nah but fr I'm excited for this movie.  I honestly expect drax and rocket to die, i hope mantis is safe cuz i really like her character especially after the holiday special
i wonder if Rocket likes prosthetic limbs because they remind him of Lylla (looks like she has a prosthetic arms)
Since the afterlife you get is based on your belief system, what happens to people who don't have one/ don't believe in an afterlife /gods etc
Feels like this will be the last great MCU movie for us.   All upcoming movies will go downhill and slowly become irrelevant for the next 5 years.
I think they could of made Adam look better
bro gave black panther spoilers without notice, still waiting for it to come to disney+ 🥺
it feels like this movie will have too many characters and too many different things happening.
Can't wait for this one !
I hope knowhere becomes the gaurdians outreach office! If Peter returns to Earth , lets hope he starts hiring for the knowhere !
I think groot has the false CGI trailer treatment here.
i thing everybody dies maybe except peter and groot ...and when groot yell we are groot its their last fight
I hope every guardian has a peaceful end in this movie
In the comics Rocket's experimental was graphic..
Those spacesuits reminds me of Among Us ngl.
Groot and Peter doing the shooting maneuver that he usually does with rocket made me automatically think rocket dies
Shouldn’t gamora also go to TVA like loki lol
Lol, Wow. Thank you for my new quote nobody else will understand, "I'm not slagging the lass Off'."  I love it.
i agree, i think peter & rocket might die. they can't make us watch groot & gamora die AGAIN & mantis dying would be very left field & would be really sad. drax would be too obvious plus gunn is the only director who doesn't treat drax like a throw-away character so i don't think drax will die. i hope he finds his family.
More like guardians of M-She-U...
I bet rocket will die like Groot did. For 2 minutes then he came back.
This is the only MCU movie I'm not excited to watch.. I just can't see them die.
The holiday special is legit brilliant. Really gave Pom a lot to work with, and she excelled. James heading DC is a huge loss for Marvel, but a boon to comic book movies overall. 👏
I HATE Cosmos voice
Hey. Crazy frog still slaps 😅
This guardian of the Galaxy will be emotional and great.
if you look closesly in the color suits rocket isnt there so he may die in this movie   my theory btw
🇧🇩
Millennials reminds the space suit looks like Among Us games. Lol
Imagine the TVA pulls up and takes Gamora
Should be one of the best MCU movies of 2023
Is it just me or does the base look like a massive arse hole in space? Can’t  believe you missed that spoiler!
Among us
This trailer does have a real 'end of everything' feel. Looks like we lose Rocket, and Bautista has more or less said outright that this is his last outing as Drax so it will be a very depleted Guardians lineup going into any future MCU projects.  …maybe the loss of those two characters will remind Gamora that we don't all live forever and to get together with Quill while the opportunity's there?  Either way, I fear that at some point during this movie I'm going to be welling up.
Loved the trailer! Can't wait to watch the movie!!
Thank you for all the insight on the movies and shows! I'd be lost without you. I would love to win the House of the Dragon set.
I like that Gamora is with them but she isn't our Gamora now is she? That's a bitter pill to swallow
The guy in white quill tackles out the window looks like that broker on Xander that got all fidgety when quill mentioned Ronan in The first movie??
I'm legitimately surprised you didn't speculate Peter Quill being one of the people to die considering the whole scene of them carrying his body.
Those colorful space suits look almost identical to the Gorillaz space suits
you didn't really say much of this but it seems like the guardians are on a rescue mission for rocket. he isn't in a lot of the shots in the trailer.
loved the trailer, very excited for phase 5 but VERY VERY SCARED
Everyone thinks Rocket is gonna die(me too) but a part of me thinks that scene where Quill is screaming is maybe Peter being killed 😢
Great teaser
Oh man, Rocket is my dude. Not sure how I will handle that. They better ventilate whoever takes him out
I think the Guardian's Space Suits are in reference to the Pac-Man Ghosts, they match the colors and there was a Pac-Man reference in Guardians 2
This movie is going to bring the laughter and joy. Right before it rips our hearts out.
The space suits reminded me of the whole Pac-Man / Space crossover pic that was going around a while ago, with Pac-Man popping anti anxiety pills to stop him seeing the ghosts of his dead crewmates or whatever
If rocket dies I swear I'm gonna go crazy😭
“Money in the building!” 😂
I loved it
Thanks for the info
Rocket's probably dead meat. Let's hope they establish that he has kits or had them or will have them before he goes.
I don’t think they are approaching New York. It doesn’t look like it. More so San Francisco more likely.
Why do the new suits look like cereal cyril
I think Rocket and Drax are likely the 2 who will die. I could see Nebula being the other casualty if it’s going to be something that pushes Gamora back with Peter at the end.   This is the only group of characters/movie to date that hasn’t produced a new young avenger so that is also something that could come of it as well. As I can see Iron Lad being introduced in phase 5 as early as Ant-Man.
If Rocket does die, then I won't be surprised by it since you put it on your thumbnail. Which is a shame.
When it shows peter screaming I think that he was about to die but rocket saves him
i can't be the only one who laughed their ass off at Drax smacking the shit out of the little girl with the ball.
Mark my WORDS if and i mean IF ROCKET DIES he will come back with his mech suit hes been building over the years ! bet u anything that will be how they bring his suit about if that is what takes place . with him collecting all these body parts over the years its deff obvious that is what he has been planning .. its all about paying attention
I wish they didn’t show Gamora in this trailer.
In regard to the High Evolutionary being the main antagonist, if they are indeed maintaining his origin as an Earthborn, universe trekking scientist, it would be a perfect mirror for Quill, who similarly has spent years away from his home planet and made a name for himself as a legendary hero. I wonder how they would handle such similar origins in terms of forming a meaningful connection between them, such as if both have lost loved ones on Earth and have turned to these new lives as a way to escape their grief, leading to Peter perhaps deciding to visit or return to his home on Earth.
Starting not likeing the way marvel handling movies
The space suits remind me of Among us 😂
Can you breakdown of rise of beast pls
are we not going to mention that the space suites are literally Among us.
If this movie makes 900 million to a billion we will see another gardians movie.
amazing breakdown thanks paul
Question-Why G.O.T.G -the jumpsuit looks like infinity stones?
If Peter Q. had his powers he could save his friends-if he knew his future.
i really hate that the cgi in these movies haven't improved, but in most cases have regressed from the earlier movies. I feel like they know they can just spend less overall, and people will still watch it edit: this movie's cgi isnt bad, i just wanted to leave this comment after he showed a clip from the most recent thor.. literally looks like it was made on a tv show budget
Fantastic Trailer 👌
If rocket and drax dies I’m gunna ball out in the theatres sad😢😢
11:52 Reminds me "Among Us"
If James Gunn kills Rockett right in front of me after giving me his tragic backstory, his cute baby face, and Lylla, I will have an emotional break down.
Why is Gamora?
The white haired girl that the high evolutionary was watching run in the hamster wheel could be quasar. Maybe we'll see moon dragon in the movie too
I think this movie's end will be sadfull😥😥
Gamora looks smoking hot in this movie lol
Actually gamora leaving was deleted not for mystery. The directors pointed out they deleted it because they wanted everyone in the shot to give respect to iron man basically. They thought how everyone was kneeling for him but then this one character doesnt and leaves because she aint know him it might affect the emotional value. I might be wrong how i kinda paraphrased it but its out there. Anyone can look it up.
if rocket dies I'll be crying for days to come
I hope the soundtrack has some new wave, would love to hear something like don’t change by inxs, rio by Duran Duran, or maybe so alive by love and rockets, all those songs seem like they would fit, doubt any would be in the movie but I still would love to see some new wave
Long time fan of the classic Vance Astro era, the splash of the 90’s squad and the current run of the team, and I have loved Gunn’s take since the first entry. I’ve faith that this volume will carry the torch with every bit of flavor as the others…
Could Quill be jumping to save the head of the Nova Corp?
The ship is the Bowie. The colored Space Suits are from the art of bowie.
Drax will definitely die, Nebula could but probably not, It's too early to kill off Mantis, I don't know about Peter, Groot will not, Gamora just came back she definitely won't die, rocket....
Spacehog: no one remembers our song James Gunn: (puts it in trailer) *Fixed it*
dude the trailer just dropped shut up
Why is no one talking about the fact that there's a shot of them dressed in the colors of five of the six infinity stones (excluding the power purple)?
Please don't let Rocket die.  If he has to go, let him meet a nice girl, maybe the space dog, and decide to stay on some nice planet to settle down, have a few litters of Raccoon Retrievers and live happily ever after...
solid evolution definition 👍
Colourful new space suits = Among us vibes!
My dude
“Pete. I'm done running” - Rocket   This right here. This glorious moment is when Rocket’s character arc comes full circle. He's been running away from his past for too long. He's now ready to confront it. Even if it costs him his life. It's all for saving his family. I also love that Rocket is calling Star-Lord “Pete” instead of “Quill” because it gives me a feeling that at that point, Rocket trusts him enough that he is willing to die with him to save the galaxy. Because after all, the galaxy needs it's Guardians.   🚀💫❤️🔥
Literally every main hero has lost or has been rejected by their love interest. Its boring and is only there to add to the girl boss bs theyre trying to push
bro i hope rocket dont die man
When they show sometimes backstory too late you know they're about to die lol.
I wish there could be more Guardians stuff afterward, but seems development has been rocky with the old Gunn getting temporarily fired drama, the plot changes due to Endgame, and Marvel/Disney wanting Drax to be a full on comedic character rather than tackle more on his connections to Thanos. The Guardians videogame got me eager for all the other comic tales that hadn't been explored.  And if Rocket's potential death ends up being a red herring, pretty much anyone has the possibility of dying just as much. Groot having a more permanent death to scar Rocket (though less likely if Disney wants to market more from him), having something happen to Mantis after she and Quil bond more over their new sibling knowledge, having Quil make a sacrifice for the team in return for their kindness for the Christmas party, Nebula dying to fully redeem herself (though may be less powerful), and Drax from there not being much story potential or growth left for him as far as I'm aware. At worst, Gunn could even have the entire team go out in a blaze of glory
I think drax is the death. Dave's contact ends this movie I believe. It'd make sense with mantis's reaction in the sad scene cut
That ominous line of Rockets about flying away together appears to have been said in his past and is a flashback as opposed to something ge is saying to Quill or one of the other Guardians. And knowing Gunn it's likely foreshadowing and will play into what I'm sure will be a bittersweet ending.
I'm confused. How is Gimora back???
Hey deff I believe that earth looking suburb is not earth but actually counter earth from the comics.
I don't want Rocket to die, my heart will break. Maybe Drax is going to be the one but I think I'll be more impactful if Peter does, just don't touch my Nebula!
I think they want you to think rocket dies but I think it will be mantis and rocket is turned back into a regular raccoon and it will be a bittersweet ending cos we will never have the same rocket again but he will spend the rest of his life clueless and happy for once with groot taking care of him this time
I get your name is heavy spoilers but this shit popped up in my recommended and I've never watched your channel before. Now this movie is ruined for me. Wow.
no way do they bring back gamora
The song is In the meantime by Space Hog not the flaming lips
quill looks like he is tackling white vision but can't tell.
If they kill rocket I’m never watching another marvel movie
Can’t believe you used the wrong Manchester pic 😔
Killing me with the puns as always😂 Keep it up!
Wouldn’t it be cool if the high Evolutionaries base is actually the body of knowhere 😮
Im thinking Nebula, Drax ,and Rocket are gonna bite the dust.
That trailer looks amazing cant wait for this movie
If Rocket dies, a piece of my life dies.
It reminds me of among us in those space suit
Something weird going on with Gomorrah. Wonder if she doesn’t turn out to be Death or Hella because of being sacrificed to the soul stone !
I still don’t understand Gamora, wasn’t she sacrificed for the soul stone? OK you can say she’s from the past which would’ve made a different timeline but then it would’ve stopped the snap, but if Hulk is right, you would’ve never been able to get Gamora from the past because her future was already to be sacrificed for the stone. If you say she’s from another timeline, then why was she copied and not everyone else?
I don't know tho, i think who ever survives this film will show up in atleast one of the two upcoming Avengers movies. And i can also see MARVEL make a new Guardians movie later on with a new team. Maybe one or two of the Members that survive will be part of that team? MARVEL could even do a totally original team for a 4th film. I mean, i think it's safe to say Adam will become a goodguy at the end of the film. And he could even join a new version of the Team. If Peter Survives i don't know what he would do. Maybe he moves to Earth? Or maybe he goes there and meets his family, but relises that he still has a duty to be a Guardian. So Peter, Groot, Mantis and Adam go out there and they pick up a few new Members for a 4th film. As for who will die... Well i think i've already kind of explained it. Drax and Rocket i don't see making it out. I do think Peter will however. Same as Groot and Mantis. I don't see them killing off Groot again. And if Drax dies it makes sense to have Mantis be left. Unless they go out together. Gamora i think will go her own way at the end. Doubt shes dying. Nebula i'm not sure about. I think she would join Gamora. Or she could die saving Gamora. Both make sense as they would finaly close out her arc perfectly. But i'm pumped for this film. It really gave me a propper MARVEL feel again. I hope this is what we can expect going forward. Phase 4 had some good bits. But overall much of it lacked the punch from a propper MARVEL film.
No not cosmo! i hope she will live
poor cosmo, being neutered by woke culture.
Man I’m gonna miss Gunn in the MCU
THANKS for this! Your detail is fantastic!
I know this channel is heavy spoilers, but not usually in the thumbnail. I don't watch trailers because of spoilers and even if this video theorizes whether Rocket will truly die or not I don't even want that kind of a bombshell given away when I actually watch the movie in the theater!
Drax finally wears a suit and not half naked xD
Артём, за работу)
3:41  among us reference?
Scared for Rockett - will be upset and prob  will not watch new Gardians.
Can’t wait for this one. Baby Rocket looks like such a sad scene
yay!
I feel like Peter is giving blood to Rocket in the trailer to have him live
I think Peter will die and Adam replace him
I think that the Earth type planet at the beginning is Counter-Earth and it's inhabitants are the New Men who were created by the High Evolutionary in the comics.
I feel like Peter will live on Earth in the end
I feel like Gamora and Nebula and Adam will form the Infinity Watch
It seem like the whole squad dying in this smh lol. Definitely rocket and probably drax and groot
How do you not touch on or talk about nebula carrying Peter like he’s dead. And who’s the person who got tackled out of that building wearing all white clothes.
So since it’s the final movie everybody decided not to come in shape 😂
Nah I doubt Rocket will die there’s no real reason to kill him off after just getting his backstory I believe he’ll be seriously injured and Peter will give blood to him to help him live but I really think Drax will sacrifice himself so he can be with his family in the afterlife because he hasn’t really had a large role to play or significant one and the whole wanting to get revenge on thanos things is over and he hasn’t really had anything else going on so I feel like he’ll want Rocket to have something he lost and give him a chance at a family and I think that will happen   I think Peter will decide to finally live on earth   Gamora and Nebula will form the Infinity Watch with Adam Warlock   And Rocket and his Love will have a family name his kid Drax and Groot will love them   Mantis will probably be devastated and possibly be pregnant Draxs child
They kill Rocket...I'm'a gonna flip a table...
Counter Earth?
rocket and drax are probably gonna die
Evolution doesn’t work period
Spoiler thumbnail!  Wow that’s low. Must be desperate for views. Blocked!
Calling it now, most if not all them die
I really dont want anyone to dieeee plsssssss....
The different coloured spacesuits made me think of Among Us. Am I the only one?
Hold up. High Evolutionary? Hybrids? Now now, it wouldn't be impossible if somehow human subjects were made like Rocket and years later they escaped, had kids, and those kids grew up... as MUTANTS...!!!  *cue X-Men animated series theme*
The Space suits are call back to 2001 A Space Odyssey
I don't  want Rocket to die.  My heart is going to break if he does. 💔
Let me guess…she’s voiced by a Hollywood scumbag?
Okay I’m gonna say it, Gamora looks so hot in vol. 3…
i will miss GOTG. Only marvel/Disney films I've really enjoyed. All the rest are paint by numbers woke shite
Rocket better LIVE!!!!!!!
I don't think that is present day earth. The port is empty, the cars are from the 70s and the NYC skyline is pretty bare. Could this be a different earth?
Mid Toke- "and groot throws the ball in the little fucks head". Man had me coughing up a lung and smoke.
If it follows Marvel storylines, Drax will be the one who dies & then at a later time, resurrected with Hulk level strength & the ability to fly
Thought the dog burned alive not overheated.
I think that fleshy, spinal thing is a dead celestial or another god. In Thor Love and Thunder, they part ways due to all the distress signals from planets and beings who had their belief hierarchies rocked when Gorr the God Butcher killed their deities. Maybe they've arrived at the remains of one left floating in the void of space, and at the heart of the dead god lies some gateway or the source of their life essence, the "light" that fuels their immortality.
It's going to be a super sad ending to the Garadians where we will see the deaths of Rocket and Drax. I think I might actually cry watching this film
My favorite team is back around one more time!
Suits evoke among us. Will there be an imposter???
If the High Evolutionary is working from another universe, Half-World, Adam Warlock could have an infinity stone because we know every universe has their own set from Loki. Maybe he's impossible to beat in Half-World, but bringing him to our universe weakens him because the stone would be useless outside of the OG universe.
More Drax plz 😂
this movie is definitely gonna break some hearts..
The guardians are my favourite in the mcu. I wanted more of them in Thor love and thunder which was one of my disappointments, they deserved more time. I can’t wait for this movie I’m prepared to cry and I’m not ready to say goodbye 😢
Like a Rocket origin story. Gamora is back as well it seems. Looks amazing.
This movie looks phenomenal!!! I absolutely love the tagline for the film “face the music”.
Yes, I was looking forward to Heavy Spoiler's perspective.   Seems to me that this film will focus on Rocket's origin and siblings. Makes sense because the first film was about mothers and second about fathers.
Doesn’t Gamora being in that universe create an incursion?
I hope we see the surviving cast of the guardians in secret wars.
Can't wait to see Adam warlock in action.
definitely this is gonna make us feel emotional and not just because Rocket Raccoon mostly will die and since this is a send off for most of the core guardians , this is going to hurt us deep, from watching the trailer specifically, i didn't expect shots of both Peter Quill and Mantis and this is going to be really powerful for sure, and we ought to thank James Gunn for directing all 3 movies because they made them feel human and having emotional weight on their arcs
Seems to be the current Gaurdian’s lineup final hurrah.  I can’t wait!
From watching the trailer I Did not expect shots of Peter Quill and Mantis with such powerful emotional performances. The Guardians have been my favorite Marvel group for years and this looks like it’s going to be such a beautiful send-off for a set of heroes who have been a part of my life for longer than I can remember. This is why superhero movies exist. Its going be an emotional one man get ready phase 5 already off to an emotional start.
I thought Will Poulter as Adam Warlock looked dope as hell
Rocket 100% has plot armor. He'll be fine
Was it the shadow, or did the hand reaching for Baby Rocket have 6 fingers?
I hope Drax dies in this one after hitting that little kid with the ball
Loved painted black song in black Adam was so fitting
This will be the last Great Marvel movie
I love that Cosmo is a girl dog as all the Russian dogs were girls due to there not being enough space for boy dogs to lift their legs in the capsules
Notice how rocket is not in some shots of the trailer
Wasn’t the same trailer they showed at Comic Con. But definitely expect a sad love story between Quill and Gamora!
The movie looks mod I’m excited for the send off man😢 happy James is back too excited for what he does at dc
Amazing how quick you got this vid out man!
GOTG 1 Groot design was the best. Most recent version looks too puffy.
Way too much filler, talked about a billion things that had nothing to do with the trailer.
i hoped for 3-4 more  gardians movies... :(
The Guardians of The Galaxy is my favorite MCU Franchise HANDS DOWN! Shout Out to Heavy Spoilers for always coming through. 💯
Loved the teaser! Please do a breakdown of Transformers
Sorry, Crazy Frog "used to be" popular? Not still is?
hate the story line....
If that was Earth you'd see Ellis Island in the shot, the street sign is using alien letters, the postal worker's logo is wrong. Pretty sure it's a fake out.
Groot looks like a guy in a suit. It is not a very good look at all. Chucks cheese animatronics looks more real.
This is an awesome trailer that has the emotion and depth with the sci-fi and comedy that the big finale that The Guardians deserve. I think Rocket, Drax, And Mantis are most likely to die which is going to hurt. Can't wait for this and love what Gunn has done with Marvel And Dc And Can't wait to see what he does as CEO Of DC.
Tbh, I was actually fairly disappointed with the song choice in the Holiday Special, it was all bleh, but ig that's what you get when you give any focus to someone like Kevin Bacon, bleh.
Its called Dodgeball... and Diesel referred to ALPHA Groot... not Emperor Groot.
Huge detail he miss was the release date number 5.5.23 the middle 5 was faded meaning Dax the 5 member dies
rocket finally meet marlene from pinguin madagascar
Yooo when’s our transformer video
I would like to see an adaption of Annihilation in the MCU post-Gunn. Gunn was not a fan of Nova, so with a different writer & director, now is the time to do Nova and a proper Nova Corps. With the acquisition of the Fox rights to the Fantastic Four, they can use Annihilus, Galactus, and the various heralds as well.
The beginning part of the trailer is the ending...no rocket.
Think Drax is going to die, Bautista always complained bout the his costume/make up and I guess with ending this group of GotG they just said okay, just visible parts and gave him clothes for the the Christmas special and the third movie !
You could tell who's going to die by the color around the logo  Guardians of the Galaxy
This movie is going to be a banger, great review!
Among us!!!
If you look at this movie, Ant-man, no Way home there’s gonna be some dark movies coming probably gonna make avengers infinity war look like a Saturday morning cartoon. I think GOTG will go into the top 5 MCU movies
its among us its actually among us
I'm not ready for the end of the Guardians. The first two movies are in the top 5 best MCU movies for me. Seems like they're going to get the proper send off that they deserve.
Imma actually cry if rocket dies. I feel like his character advanced so much throughout the movies. Especially when I saw rocket actually feeling some emotion when he met back up with nebula on Earth knowing his entire family is gone.
It'd be crazy if the dude in white was Michael korvac kidnapped and worked on by the high evolutionary instead of the kree to combat Adam warlock from the sovereign. Instead of introducing warlock and his alter ego magus they could have korvac show up.
Looks like Gandalf flying out the window
I wish we'd get a Mantis and Drax series.
3:12.... I remember him saying "ALPHA Groot", not Emperor Groot.  But maybe you saw a different clip than I did.
Ant-Man & the Wasp: Quantumania costume: *Spy Kids* GOTG: Vol 3 costume: *Teletubbies*  🔥🔥🔥
Why can't they stop making these movies 😑
the teaser is quite sad, i dont want the guardians to die :(
All I have to say is I’m feeling this movie, my emotions are genuinely all over the spectrum, we have the ani-men and counter earth maybe, Drax taking the kid out with the ball like a sore brat is hilarious, classic guardians uniform, lyla is here, weee aree GROOOOTTT!! ❤I’m all here for it, hopefully Gunn is bowing out on a high, this is gonna hit me in the feels
Seeing Gamora back with the crew, was just epic. I hope she gets her own movie eventually.
Haven't even SEEN this one hit and mah BOI Paulie is already all over it! Spoiler-Man, Spoiler-Man, breakin down the trailers as fast as he can!
DRAX DIES
The song is by Space Hog… The High Evolutionary is a cosmic being who experiments with animals… Call me “Mr. Fantastic,” cause I’m reaching with this Easter Egg!
I am truly excited for this Marvel movie in particular, as I think Guardians is the best franchise as a whole in the MCU. I am thrilled that the wokest of woke companies Disney fired James Gunn. Without that he would have never went on to DC and created a great movie Suicide Squad and the Peacemaker series respectively. I doubt Gunn would have left Marvel otherwise. He did state that after seeing the treatment of Guardians 3 he came back was to finish his trilogy. So I'd like to say thank you to the M-O-U-S-E because DC is going to be stronger than ever because of their woke ideology! It doesn't seem as though David Zaslav is into the woke nonsense. He realizes that the people that pay to see the movies just want to be entertained with the comic book characters that they love and don't want all the politics involved. I am completely geeked for this movie. I had high hopes for Thor Love & Thunder just to be utterly and completely disappointed. It seems as though Taika Waititi is a one trick pony as love and thunder flopped but Ragnarok was a straight up hit. Example the 🐐 screaming was funny the first few times but it just became old and worn out to the point where was annoying. Just ask Chris Hemsworth in recent interviews he's done nothing but trash the movie and mostly the director.
You have the best breakdown channel on YouTube
The character arcs look mostly wrapped up but however this shakes down I want to see some of the surviving characters regroup and continue on. There has got to be another director (not Taika) that can still make the magic happen.
What’re Hybrids???
thats not new york because the statue of liberty aint bronze, thats counter earth
My friend says that mantis will die in the 3rd movie because they revealed that mantis is the sister of Peter quill
Colorful space suits was definitely an among us easter egg
My worst fear has come to pass… William looks TERRIBLE as Adam Warlock 😐
NO, it should be chris pratt. I don't even mean starlord...
The guardians is the best most fun portion of the MCU, and I'm actually really crying to think that it's going to be over and the film hasn't even come out yet!!!
Even if he does , who cares? Marvel has shown us time and time again deaths mean nothing.
I dont think we would care enough to call it the saddest mcu film if cosmo is the only character who dies
How will rocket and drax lose their lives in this movie
Gonna be funny when peter and gamora end up falling in love again right before the end. Not always right
Spoilers in your thumbnail? Thanks for being a clown. That's enough to tell you tube to never suggest your channel.
You hit the nail on the with explaining how not to make the multiverse a copout - they may look alike but they're NOT the same person, they've not had or have had different experiences. 👍💕
I don't want see Cosmo die before I see a face off with Professor X
So happy lylla is there, rocket can finally actually be happy
would groot die agian fo the 4th time
This is a masterpiece of a trailer... the feels!!
I wonder if Feige has soon the whole movie already and if so I wonder if he cried.
Lancashire is beautiful Manchester has Style made me who I am...The trailer can't believe it's going to be over 😪
If there is a more Heavy Spoilers quote than “slaggin’ the lass off” I’ve never heard it
11:17 actually among us reference
Among Us space suits?
I’m not a fan of the High Evolutionairy’s design in this movie.  The comic one looks so cool with the use of multiple colors and that fin on his head.   This one just is a guy in a suit.
I hope rocket doesn’t die
Drax could have a great mantle pass to Moondragon.
This might be the last great MCU movie.
I'm not ready for these stories to end, even the trailer made me cry.
It's sad to think that we'll never get a James Gunn Thor.  If he had stayed it would have been a GOT/Thor sequel probably better than all the rest.  And it would hands given Warlock a lot of legitimacy having to fight Thor and GOT.... if that's how it would have happened.
I'm actually glad Gunn is getting a better opportunity with the DCEU. I'm sure he'll help produce some amazing movies.
Hunk of pundragon!
Gay bar 12mins in and the oppressive rainbow flag, screams Christmas. I turned it off
It looks like Quill is pushing out the High Evolutionary
Drax with the ball is so MCU GotG.
I love how they gave them their classic suits, and that new ship they got is definitely gonna be a Lego set I want.
What’s up Paul! Hello from across the pond. Hope you and the family are doing well my man. 💪
I can’t wait to see Rocket Raccoon 🦝 and his girlfriend Alia Otter 🦦 in the upcoming guardians of the galaxy three
Dude don’t put spoilers like a dumbass in the description
They’re not going to kill off one of the most beloved character in the MCU.
I really don’t think that’s actually NYC. There are no iconic buildings visible in the skyline. And the Statue of Liberty looks like a knockoff (and is still green). I think it’s an alien planet that has a comically earth-like appearance, but is inhabited by the H.E.’s hybrids.
I was thinking my boy dies too and I am not happy about this !
At this point, I simply don't care
Can’t wait for this movie’s jail break scene.
James Gunn is a genius at bringing comedy emotion ,and action! Can't wait for this!
Yes comic accurate outfits love it also dna throwbacks with rockets love interest
You prolly right The creature that they fought in the beginning of guardians 2 might be from high Evolutionary cause he needed some battery for some Technology.
Rip rocket
I think mantis will die
They are foreshadowing Rocket's death so hard, I think it may be a mislead.
paul sounds like he's been crying, you alright man? i know dealing with jared is hard but c'mon, pull yourself together ya chump
Rocket and drax are probably gonna die
Hello spoilerman,
Nasty blow to Drax at 13:06 so I don’t think he’s surviving  Vol 3. Would be cool to see him reunite with his fam
Dude, you fast
Finally something post endgame I’m hyped to see in the MCU
I just can't wait to see what happens been following this team a long time
Who or what should we return after the holiday special :) m
Brings tears to my eyes
I’m excited for this movie
Ta dude
Paul.. can you cry with me if rocket dies ? 🥺
Drax wrecked that kid🤣
Following your idea, MCU forces to our protagonist that they can't have a romantic relationship since Endgame: Spidey, Thor, Dr. Strange,
I did NOT expect shots of Peter Quill and Mantis with such powerful emotional performances. The Guardians have been my favourite Marvel group for years and this looks like it’s going to be such a beautiful send-off for a set of heroes who have been a part of my life for longer than I can remember. This is why superhero movies exist.
Cannot Wait!!!!!!!!
Was that an among us Easter egg?? Just saying those space suits are uniquely colored.
No transformers trailer breakdown?
This is probably the one I’m most looking forward to.
ALPHA GROOT, not EMPORER GROOT.
I’m not into the look of Adam warlock however am sure Will Poulter is going to be fantastic as him
I personally think Peter might die in this movie as well. He’s always been the one thing that has kept the group together, and I think him dying would motivate Rocket to finally step up, and become the new leader.
Paul busting these the f out man
I just wanted to say I love your breakdowns!
Don’t trust what Vin Deisel says lol.
Let's go Allot of questions need to be answered  James Gunn taking over DC is the biggest trade since Deion Sanders left the 49s for Dallas  Stop playing
Ngl I yelled”AMONG US” when I saw them wearing space suits
Let's hope this doesn't turn into another M-She-U entry and they can just focus on the characters as they are...
Where’s Kraglin??
They got the Among Us space suits 💀
God I waited so long for this video . Since the trailer released
Yep these are some of the best in the MCU just my opinion
This looks like it's going to be VERY emotional
Paul, you gotta change your name to Barry Allen because you’re the fastest fucker alive
i thought the suits were an among us reference
I do think Quill will die. Pratt is dunked on so much as star lord and he doesn't need the character anymore.
I swear, if Rocket dies everyone is gonna get emotional
The song I think is called In the meantime from Spacehog released in 1996 or 97, I was at uni when it was released
This and the Ant Man trailer have me HYPED for Phase 5.
Paul did a good job today
Bautista definitely doesn't wanna get into as good of shape/all that make up anymore....that's definitely why he is wearing shirts now
I say Drax dies
Damn your fast af.
The Best Part Of The Trailer Has To Be The Among Us Reference
Damn ure fast 😂🙏🏻
I'm sad that it seems like Rocket and Drax are gonna die
-Rocket, Drax, and Nebuls dies -Either Quill and Gamora get together again or remain friends, while living in peace along with Mantis. -Groot finds his race -Adam Warlock creates a new team of "Guardians" or Annihilators.
I think earth the guardians go is counter earth the high evolutionary planet
More than likely.
Grats on 1million subs btw. And Spacehog In the Meantime is the perfect song for this trailer. And Indiana Jones 5 trailer? You've been busy.
I guess they don’t play DODGEBALL on that planet. They should’ve made the little alien girl a DUCK 🦆 (Get it?)
If Rocket dies I'll riot... and cry.
THAT was fast!
You are always the first youtuber reacting! respect!
Love it - thanks for the incredibly fast trailer breakdown! You must have been hustling today!
Bro, Paul is a speed demon 😈
Thought we were going to get the Jojo theme song by the first note of that song in the trailer.
They’re really gonna make us cry over a CGI Racoon and I can’t wait 😭
He didn't say emperor groot.....he said alpha groot
Its a dog there no they/them 😤 😒 😑 🤣 😆
I was looking more forward to the breakdown than the trailer.
I AM SO EXCITED ABOUT THIS MOVIE!!! PAUL YOU ARE THE MAN FOR GETTING THIS OUT SO QUICK!!!
TOP 20 LETS GOOO
I’m already grieving rocket
Brooooo that rabbit better not die on me
Trailer makes it seem like they’re gonna kill Rocket, but they would never give away a death like that in the trailer but what if they’re trying to fool us and they really are gonna kill Rocket . If they do ,even though I don’t want rocket to die,it would hurt so good.
Paul I’m scared!! They are gonna kill Rocket and I know it!!! Someone hold my gotdamn hand!!😭😭😩
Thought everyone already knew 1/2 of these die? It was bc of the colours of the posters for each movie.
1st one 🙌 finally 🤣 ya chumps!
Let us know your thoughts on the new trailer. If you enjoyed this video then please subscribe to the channel https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCq3hT5JPPKy87JGbDls_5BQ?sub_confirmation=1  *Check out our BEST new videos below* *Indiana Jones Trailer Breakdown* - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mCCAJNqTer4 *Super Mario Bros Trailer Breakdown* - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pyg6bb7RiEc *The Prestige Breakdown* - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D9xIY5UkRi4 *GOTG Holiday Special Breakdown* - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9KhES6VE288 *Andor Ending Explained* - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d9gsOhg5V3U
THE MILK MAN NEEDS MILK?!??
Man U on it
Hi❤
first ??
Been waiting for this since the trailer 😂
