She made a good choice ❤
Carmen Best is now officially on the shortlist to lead NYPD.  Progressive socialists who fired her will probably feel stupid now that she is on the shortlist to lead the NYPD.  The NY Mayor Eric Adams is an ex-police captain so I am sure he will hire her.  What an interesting turn of events. Socialism will be in the shadows.
God bless her...sad
Yay! Biff's world!
This isn't police reform.
God Bless Her🙏
So let me get this straight, the system is corrupt with systemic racism, they protest and get a black person who is a police chief to resign. Seems backwards, but what do I know...
Let the city council handle the criminal now. If I live there? I move out fast
Democrats want to de-fund the police and take away our guns.  Does that make sense to anyone..just asking?
She stepped aside and let the mayor an council take over her job and they let rioters take over the police precinct. She was a weak Democrat that let Democrat’s ruin her.
Im not even from Seattle and I will miss her! Those lips and my imaginations!😍 Oh! And she was a great chief.
NAH NAH NAH NA. NAH NAH NAH NA. HEY HEY HEY, BYE PIG!!!
When the going gets tough....be a quitter.   Life lessons from Seattle.
THANK YOU FOR TRYING TO DO WHAT IS NEEDED! THANK YOU FOR YOUR SERVICE AND YOU ARE SUPPORTED BY THIS POLICE OFFICER!
Yay-a !! 👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾 See ya Carmen. Black Lives Matter 🖤
Chief Carmen Best, we all saw how hard you tried to do your job. I doubt anyone else can fill your shoes. Who would want that thankless job anyway? You never got the respect that you deserved. I suggest you go to any city run by Republicans who would appreciate your common sense and hard work. There's a lot of people out here rooting for you.
CAN YOU SAY ANTIFA? HERE ONLY TO DESTROY YOUR CITY  THEN MOVE ON DESTROY ANOTHER CITY. YOU'VE BEEN HAD BY TERRORISTS GROUP.
Screw it, let them have the city, they'll destroy it from the inside out.  Let them have what they want so we have a nice shining example of what not to do.
She did the right thing. Shes better then that.
You guys don’t wanna report the truth but you know what happened it was plain as day and y’all were down there 11 alive
Bs there Are lots of injuries racist sprayed people in the face with roach spray and then they got theirs
Once again the liberal, racist Left ruins lives of minorities.  Carmen is a true American Patriot victimizes by vicious liberals for trying to make Seattle a safe place to live and work.
I don’t blame her, you have a Mayor that has no backbone, is a poor decision maker. This Police Chief doesn’t have to settle for this unfortunately with police cuts and financial cuts it puts the average working family at risk! How sad!
Bravo Carmen
The entire force should turn in their resignation.
Black lives don’t matter to Black Lives Matter.
DEFUND SEATTLE COUNCIL! WE LOVE OUR BLUE !
My family nearly moved to Seattle when I was 10 years old. Thank goodness we didn’t. I’ll bet the vast silent majority have had enough. Stand up and stop this.
Seattle messed up big and now they are losing an amazing Chief of Police. Shame on you, Seattle.
My respect to this very decent law enforcement officer and honest human being...She doesn't deserve to be amongst that bunch of commie rats.
GODLESSPEACE SIGN who are you? ANARCHIST ANTIFA WHAT DO YOU KNOW ANYWAY
Buh-bye, don't let the door hit you in the ass.
cut governors and mayers pay
No due process for the Chief and her staff. City council are idiots.
Do you want Detroit from Robocop? That’s how it’s heading
GOOD, LET HER GO. THAT SHE CHOOSES TO GO OVER NEEDED CHANGES, MEANS SHE NEEDS TO GO, NOW!
So sad.  I don't think we need to jump on the race train; Mayor Jenny Durkan was set out to jump on the BLM movement of defunding the police that is happening across the nation no matter what race.  Jenny Durkan is ridiculous.  She should have supported Police Chief Carmen Best and all the police officers who were trying to make Seattle safe for law abiding citizens.  Unbelievable the neighbors who were protecting the Police Chief's HOME were criticized.  Police Chief Best should have been protected and backed by the Mayor, instead she was thrown to the wolves, making it impossible to do her job. DISGUSTING and wrong! Jenny Durkan should be ashamed.  Ms Durkan should be the one with the pay cut and should be the one leaving, not Police Chief Carmen Best.
The mayor is her Boss and probably Mayor was asking too much from her.  Who wants to be a police officer this days without back up from Boss, department, and citizen.
She didnt stand up to the liberals who didnt take a vow to defend the constitution of the United states. I wish she had the balls to do that
Really? How about we look at reality.  Her pay cut was massive.
That shithole city doesn’t deserve her!
I'm sure the next diversity hire will work out great.
I will not go to Seattle again. Racist place by BLM and Bolsheviks.
President Trump should invite her to his 2021 State of the Union Address
Seattle is getting everything they deserve.  You got these people in and you got everything you voted for.  Live with your decisions.  I do feel bad for the conservatives who live there
Put her in charge of the FBI I hear there may be an opening soon.
Shhh that people do for pay raises , give them a raise 500k yrly.
ITS TIME FOR YOU TOWNS PEOPLE TO COME OUT IN GROUPS OF 50 WITH BATS AND CLUB ANTIFA'S KNEE CAPS (NOT HEADS) AND TAKE BACK YOUR TOWNS AND CITIES AND STREETS!  COPS HAVE THEIR HANDS TIED UP BY CRIMINAL DEMOCRATS! WE THE PEOPLE HAVE TO DEFEND OUR STORES AND HOMES!
Seattle police had a black woman chief...and the woke city councilman/mayor driver her out? Hummm. Seattle needs to clean house of these shitty political figures.
Why are the people in Seattle not demanding an emergency vote to get these city counsel morons out of office. They are blatantly and intentionally destroying there city and in a short time now have destroyed the lives of the only people that can bring order and stability back into their see city. I hope that Police Chief Carmen Best finds a better position working for a city that is not run by stupid people.
Really sick of all this. I wish the whole west coast would just fall into the Pacific. And if NYC slid off into the Atlantic, that probably wouldn't be a bad thing either.
Seattle is screwed
I am so glad I moved out of the Northwest, here in Arizona I feel my family is protected, and I am allowed to protect myself. last year I was almost killed by Antifa because I 'looked like a Cop'
Dumb ass liberals in Seattle
Anybody in any type of management  has had their budget cut. The ones worth keeping with figure it out. The ones in over their heads will be exposed. Glad she quit. Now bring in somebody that can unify the city.
What a crock of hot horse  crap...she deserves so much better 😍 my deepest apologies  ,Chief  , I Salute you.
i thought black lives matter. i guess not. BLM is funded by a white billionaire. yall being hoodwinked once again...
In the words of Gerald Ford drop dead Seattle your done much love ❤️ trump 2020
When you start talking about cutting anyone's pay 40%, it is no wonder that they walk. Why should she take a pay cut of any size...40% or 4%? Is the city council taking a pay cut? Is the mayor taking a pay cut? What is their reasoning for deciding to cut her pay at all, much less 40 freaking percent! She probably should have walked a long time ago...about the time she was ordered NOT to do the job she was hired to do, and to abandon the 14th precinct to the CHAZholes. She should have walked out then. I would imagine she probably only stayed for her officers.
Very sad, she did not deserve this.
If we’re not careful, we’ll be looking at a Khmer Rouge type of regime in this country. It was brutal.
Don't blame her one bit. God Bless Chief Carmen and may the Lord watch over you. Thank you for standing up for your convictions!
correction the citizens of Seattle do not deserve you
Take care of your own family Police Chief Best. The citzens of Portland do not deserve you. !
If you Seattle citizens re-elect that thing that's mayor, then you've sealed your fate and you deserve what you get.
Idiot pos Sawant needs to have a riot in her front yard.
The guy that took over for her is a real ass kisser.  He will do well.
Good for her. She took a stand over an issue she believed in.
BLM. Just not black cops or black workers or black business owners or black investors or black veterans or even ordinary black citizens.  Plus if you vote for Trump you ain't black.
what would you think if all BOS (board of supervisors ) where being controlled by drug cartels ? If BLM was able to protest at officials homes what makes them smarter than cartels ?
Seattle my heartfelt sorrow to your city having to endure the city leadership,what a mess you all have with city council. Chief Best is outstanding wonderful city servant.Hope your city can ban together to vote in leadership.
Why praise a police chief that refused to restore peace, she had an easy job, her subordinates were the ones working not her.  She just another incompetent put into an office that was over her head.
I am from Washington State, and I am absolutely ashamed of what they have become thanks to the Democratic Mayors and Officials!!! May God have Mercy on you all. Thank the Good Lord I no longer live there. But I pray for all my friends and family still there!!! 🙏🏽🙏🏽🙏🏽🙏🏽
A good police chief would have requested the President intervene and provide her with the authority to use lethal force against protestors to prevent injury and assure the safety of those residents not participating in peaceful protest, but instead opted to allow antifa and BLM to loot, burn, destroy, and injure innocent Americans
Run your mouth all week, it will never change Cops today are reinforces for corrupted officials and don't work for you/us It wont burn down, if it does it will be a cop that lights it
The sadists on the council thought the police were masochists and were enjoying the bitchslaps that have become routine. Career criminals have big smiles on their faces because Christmas is early this year.
She will write a book and make a fortune.
Wish she done more for the people
White Liberals running out the first black police chief.
well done progressive Durkin!  Black female police chief out of the job and your city totally fucked !  well done you twat.  How are you going to replace her exactly? She was just one of you tokens right ?  after all everybody knows the liberals are the true racist supremacists
Racism is alive and well in Lib-City USA. The party of racism speaks!
Wasn't she a disco dance performer way back when?
Ummm, she makes a base salary of $270k.....and a huge pension with benefits...The V.P. of the United States of America makes $235k....Something to think about....
Come to Utah.  We could use your help here.
all cops should boycott if they ain't cowards. dignity.
Praying for her and all police officers that do amazing jobs they do it because they care about ninety-nine point ninety-nine percent of of them care
good call on your part chief  get out of the land of idiots before its to late
I would think was more about appreciation than pay.
Biden made wrong choice, this lady can run rings around ch
I don't blame her she's a good cop she should have a easy time finding a new job good trained people are hard to find
Every policeman in Seattle should leave for a city that will appreciate them and allow them to protect themselves. And the reporters are idiots.
Can you blame her or any other police. They have been demonized by the left politicians so they can get votes. This is just the start. Better get your carry permit soon. It will be the old west before we know it. No police, no civilization.
'resign' is not the same as 'retire'; is there any money left to retire on in the city?
Let the cesspool of Seattle burn to the ground. Chief, you did your job but the council tied your hands behind your back. Let the council have what they want. I hope each council member personally feel the full force of their defunding efforts.
How did she get to be chief dems lov misery goodbye seattle remember detroit city dont come to my state crazy people
But hey “Certain Black Lives Matter”  Just not hers.
Morons who don't understand what it is to be Law enforcement should not be making those kinds of decisions. She is awesome and should have gotten a raise.
Its about generaly defunding the police in is all. Not some of them, but all of them. Time is changing. I don't know that woman, but if she has a complain we can talk about it, but for the moment its defunding.....
Resign doesn't mean you can't testify against mayor Jenny Durkan
About time. Whats the point of having a token black chief when she's only there lining her own pockets. As soon as it puts her to real work she turns her back on her collegues. She is a racist.
I wouldn't blame her.
It's amazing the amount or people moving out of places like Seattle!!
The council is just run by stupid morons. Not sure why someone in Seattle hasn't pull a Stauffenberg yet. And yes I am saying the mayor is the equivalent Hitler.
I forgot the little demon looking Chicago mayor letting a purge run through the city
Should get rid of the Mayor first for She don’t do nothing for the city. Her in Portland mayor in New York mayor in Atlanta mayor And all the poorly run cities should be ashamed of them selves
Make the store owners leave their doors open, it will save on broken glass!!!
Cutting the budget of something has never made it better. The people pushing this are complete retards.
Let the Black Looting Masters burn down the city!!!!!!!!
City Council work for free
Is the city Council cutting their positions and pay
Good luck Carmen. They threw you under the bus. You tried...well done.  The libtard radical lunatics will reap what they have sown. May they implode asap and may your police colleagues  get good alternative employment.  God bless the police force.
Honest citizens will be leaving in droves. Criminals will have free reign to conduct their horrid mischief soon. The basic formula is that less police on the streets, equals more criminals on the streets. Arm up now people. It is better to be tried by 12, than carried by 6.
@King5 you are just as responsible as the lunny left for allowing these RIOTS. You pricks constantly chose not to report the actual events happening because you are too concerned for ratings.
Now prosecute her for failing to do her job.
I have the most respect for this woman. Why put up with tyrants ? Good for her .
Seattle is a sinking ship, she’s making the right choice. If their mayor doesn’t wake up from her “summer of love” their economy will crush  because no one in their right mind would want to purchase real estate or invest their money in a city run by criminals, rapists and drug addicts.
)
Why? When her hands were tied by the communist mayor? The Mayor should be gone.
Seattle will fail do to defunding the police. The time will come when its patrons will understand why cops are so important when it come to social order and development in it's neighborhoods.
Carmen Best needs to run for Mayor herself, and show these innefective "progressive" seat warmers in city councils from top to bottom how it's done. I'm sorry to see her go, but dealing with the types of idiots who occupy city office must have been exhausting. Imagine having all the tools at your disposal being systematically stripped away with each passing day in the name of poorly implimented social justice.
This is why we should have an IQ minimum requirement of 70 to sit on the city council. 80 to be a mayor.
She's done her job well and she's got a lot of knowledge and experience under her belt. She'll do alright, however she needs to leave the department and the area. If she stays she'll get hammered by the marxist assholes that's pretty much running the city. I wish her well.
Keep voting for democrats.    The next election before you vote make sure if you want more cities to move toward this new far left democrat idea for the USA.  Look what’s happening in the Democratic controlled cities, do you want this in your town? The Democratic Party wants to move the USA in a direction that I don’t care for and I live in Portland Oregon.   You vote for a Democratic President and this nation will be changed in ways most of us citizens don’t want to move too.
Come to Birmingham AL. We would welcome you with open arms. Happy for her. Bitter sweet.
Chief Best should stay and continue working on issues and strife here in Seattle. You’ve been well received and appreciated. Your continued role as our Chief of Police has been inspiring to many citizens. You’re respected here, and your unique perspective has been good for Seattle. Politics aside, you are an asset to the job and the community.
What's she gonna do for a living now? Work at a gas station? Shame on you all.
City Council and the Mayor are deserving of a huge pay cut.
Not a shock why take a cut in pay and retirement benefits. When you can go out on the top of pay grade.
Many blessings to you and your family in these difficult times. God’s got more for you to do.
Seattle and Portland needs a Giuliani!!!
Good riddance! There was no law in the city, during the recent riots ! Also, money is needed elsewhere...
My heart goes out to this wonderful woman! Best of luck Chief, god  bless you!
Wow
She’s not black enough.
Great Job BLM. Making a true impact on black lives.... !!!
Wow! Seattle just made itself a chithole  city white a chitty mayor and chitty Governor.  Seattle is now a stanky city!  Stupid is as stupid does! The whole entire force should walk away! Let the dems eat their own. Coward Durkin should put on a uniform and fight the good fight.
How can this be allowed to happen all you cops need to go with her all of you
Chief Best faced the demoralizing and soulless evil of Marxism. Seattle doesn't deserve her, but I hope she runs for Mayor and wins.
no big surprise. Every one please vote red dwn the line in washington. this is my home state and its being destroyed by democrats
Even she is pulling the race card, if the chief was a white male things would have been ten times worse
Guess she's not best but def in on the commie take over
Attention to the people Seattle stop voting for the Democrats in your city!  The Democrat leaders will destroy the property value of your homes and businesses will move out prices will go up and so will taxes.
No Federal Money or Help for Seatle, Let them Die! Or Let the normal People rise up to take out the current city government and Antifa!
Biggest mistake was to make her a Chief 🤐🤐🤐🤐👎👎👎👎
Wow, the Seattle Board of Supervisors must be made up of a bunch of nuts and total LOSERS. Just goes to show who runs for these positions and how the stupid public elects them. SCARY STUFF!! I hope Seattle gets what it deserves and experiences skyrocketing crime going forward. I have a question for the liberal-left, why would any business in their right mind want to open up or stay in business in downtown Seattle if there's going to be lawless behavior and crimes committed left and right.
She did a good job or try to they will reap what they sow and it will not be good truly the A has been taken out and the city is now called settle
It took a weekend to think about it? I'd flip the mayor off and say peace out bitches...it's your problem now.
Good for her!  As long as the Democrats run Seattle, that place is trash.
You know what would be cool..a Statue to Carmen Best
She’s tired
If you can't take the heat get out of the kitchen.
Way to go Seattle! I'm sure there's plenty more people wanting to drive the suicide train
The Democratic party has returned to its ideological roots and has reemerged as the Secessionist Party, as confederated as it ever was in 1860. They are manipulating the same folks only in a different generation, and in a different way. It has no choice as to eradicate American history, as it is their history more so than any other that represents the cancer of racism of past generations. They project their sickness of soul and spirit onto others in the form of wokeness, cancel culture and socialist dilutions, hoping not to see their own rotten souls facing them in the mirror of history. Like the KKK, that is theirs too; now, BLM and Antifa recruiting the hate of our generation. Self-appointed as SJW, silencing any dissent as effectively as a brown-shirt. Hypocrites and liars will deceive at any cost to get the power that so many lives sacrificed to deny them. It is the party of control and slavery, and they will pay for that control with the blood of whom they mislead now, in the past, and future generations. In today's Democratic Party, history repeats itself; the Democratic party does not want America as America; they want it as a host. Like a parasite, they are thriving in the larger organism, feeding off the hosts' indifference to prosper and breed. That is until the parasite's egotistical ideology gets the better of it, and the mature parasite kills-off the host in its unchecked promiscuity.  —The United States of America or the Marxist States of Antifa. "The government you elect is the government you deserve." ~Thomas Jefferson
I got it water cannons with bubblegum bumpers
I love the guy saying a show of force... tear gas pepper spray thats like candy to a hungry grizzly bear oh ya don't forget the  rubber bullets that who  the world stopped hilter and the Nazi's
I hope she runs for mayor and wins.  Seattle and Portland need to be purged of their leftist political disaster.
There is a simple remedy here get rid of the entire Council and that the chief of police has been trying to do her best in spite of them cutting funds and stuff so let's just just get rid of the entire Council this is the most simple solution to the whole problem here cuz a bunch of bleeding-heart liberals don't give a s*** about there their people the people that cause issue is they supposed to represent it's time to get them out immediately
*GOOD FOR BEST👏👏👏👏* *THEY DESERVE A RAISE NOT*  *DEFUNDING* *THEY DESERVE SO MUCH MORE* *AND RECEIVED NOTHING BUT* *ABUSE* *DEFEND YOUR OWN* *AMERICA DEFEND YOUR OWN* *MRS. J.R.D. NICHOLSON*  *THE BETTER BABY BUSINESS* *BUREAU*
28 years? Why would you put up with that? Maybe you think like a leftist.
Becouse we were bravethat is why
Another example of the liberal media eliminating jobs and causing damage to a lot of (every ) American citizens lives !
Vote out the Mayor as well or cut her Pay ....ALOT!
The democrat mayors do not support the police ,they just demonize them, she did the right thing by leaving,
The left got a black woman to quit a position of power. Way to go idiots.
Good riddance!!!!get someone that supports our constitution!!
When did our country get this bad, that the police are not our friend? This police chief, did her best with her hands tied behind her back, until it made the mayor look bad . It’s too bad that we as a nation and as a city not trying to help this lady. She was the best of what they had. Now what mayor
Pretty bad when Best and the Black male Police Chief Saunders in Toronto both step down during the climate of all the police hate being spread
there is no info as to who the female reporter is that is talking during this clip but whoever you are, get off of Carmen Best's nuts.
Carmen Best was complicit in this madness from the onset. She saw, firsthand, all of the violence and destruction that went on and she sat back and just rolled with it. She should have done more considering that the biggest part of her appointment was an allegiance to upholding the Constitution. She literally took the stance of "what can I do??" and played second fiddle to a treasonous mayor. The notion of painting this woman into a portrait of a person that did her "duty" and is now somehow free is just nonsense. There is blood on her hands. What you see in this article is straight-up propaganda.
Bold decision yet a good one. No amount of money is worth the disrespect coming out of Seattle.
Durkan needs to go.
pray... Lord forgive me a sinner, i accept Jesus Christ as Lord and Savior and believe he is alive
REPENT and believe the gospel of Jesus Christ and be converted or u will be condemned
Hahahah YOU disliked this information/video clip, YOU are not with us American’s. Defend our police, defend our country, defend our freedom!
Let's Seattle burn to the ground
So when they cut her pay she quit?   Would she have stayed had it not affected her pay?  Sounds like she suffers from black privilege.  Didn't expect rude treatment from the Seattle communist party central Committee...
The leftist idiots in Seattle are turning the city into a third world cesspool and couldn’t be happier about it. Mental disorder.
vote Carmen for the mayor.
F.n union bunch beeches stand behind corrupt cop's but not help woman!!!!!
Resign and let the city burn!
Should cut the city council and the mayor's pay in half they have too much power absolute power is absolute corruption.
Remember this when you vote. The democrats want to get rid of our first responders.
SUPPORT LAW ENFORCEMENT. I blame both parties, (for caving into lawlessness while scapegoating police.)
This is coming attractions unless this country wakes up, recognizes the progressive socialists for the damage they do wherever they rule and rid us of the tyrants.
Chief Best, I completely understand and agree with your decision to retire.  The loss to all LE partners will be felt dearly.  God bless you in all your future endeavors.  You’ll be missed.
Respect to this great public servant. Seattle will miss her when law enforcement is none existent
I like how the news misses the whole ironic point of their own story.
I do not blame her what so ever !!! The MAYOR NEEDS TO BE FIRED IMMEDIATELY THIS TOWN WILL NOW BECAUSE OF DEMOCRATIC’S be the slums for sure !!
Looks like Seattle's autonomous zone will grow and grow until it is an anarchist's city.
The demonrats should resign and pay for a lot of the damage from terrorists ‼️‼️😡
well if she is correct ,  we will know who to fire and what is un'needed/  get rid of at least 1/2 of them
Stupid city council.
Very sad for all police and law abiding citizens 😢
Wow🤯
Carmen, come to NY!
I'd  leave too,screw Seattle you did the right thing.
Your welcome to come live in kirkland or bellevue. Let seattle  learn their lesson.
*BLAME JENNY DURKAN* she's is 100% to blame for this mess since she allowed it to happen in the first place. It was only until her and her family felt threatened that she asked to have it shut down. After people were run out of their homes, businesses ruined, building and streets trashed, people killed, etc etc that still wasn't enough for Mayor Durkan. She should be so embarrassed for the way she handled the last 2-3 months, but she's not. Inslee, Durkan and all the council members need to go. It's too late though, Seattle is dead. This is what all you democrats wanted, now you've got it.
Great women hope the best for you in the future Carmen.
Carmen needs to run for public office. She is needed now more then ever. Trump needs to give her a job.
I feel so bad for her she deserved better, the mayor and the governor didn't give any support to her.She will be missed.
every PD in Seattle should wake out and leave the city
City council has nothing but white people at the table. Terrible decision that was made w/o ethnic people. They think defund the police means to randomly fire people.
This is sad in many ways. A GOOD leader resigns because of incompetent progressive/socialist politician in power over her.
chop????? stay on target
Go to another state
Seattle is a shat hole
The Seattle City Council is despicable! The way the treated our Police Chief, Carmen Best, who is not only accomplished and successful but the very first African American police chief in Seattle history! They didn't even bother to ask her input on ways to reimagine the police force. They just cut her salary without any plan in place. Racism is rampant on this council and they have no problem ignoring the insight and ideas of an amazing accomplished African American women if she doesn't fit with their Marxist agenda. The majority of Seattle citizens are disgusted and can't wait to vote these idiots out at the next election.
You don't deserve this
Im so disappointed in my city right now.
God bless her hope she finds nothing but joy in her life
I wonder why???
I wonder if there could be anymore the Mayor and City consul could do to reduce police moral.   I would think that the police should be replaced with social workers with pink non threatening Styrofoam batons.  (must be under 5 ft 2 in and less than 105 lbs)
Another black life that doesn’t matter to BLM and the Democrats... wake up people...
Will the last sane person in Seattle Turn the lights out, the rest of us in Washington State needs the power to fill our Teslas.  Want change Vote Trump-Pence November 3rd, 2020, want sanity to come back to Washington Vote out all Dumocrats and RINO's, time to wake up! All of the police need to find real jobs elsewhere!
When people say there is a systemic problem in law enforcement, we aren't talking about the rank and file or great leaders like Chief Best.  Instead, we are talking about the Mayor and City Council of Seattle.
She should run for governor!
So the city of Seattle is to be suicided by its own political schmucks. Who voted these Schmucks?
Well, in terms of racism, you can’t beat white leftists. Scratch the surface, they’re at the top. Sometimes, you don’t even need to scratch the surface.
They need to all quit watch what happen then
Confusion in this city. Anti-racists are racists. What a horrid, shameful population and its leaders, agents of disorder and death.
Hey MAYOR JENNY OF SEATTLE AND PORTLAND OREGON MAYOR TEDDY WHEELER ARE A COUPLE OF LIBERAL TOOLS OF THE ESTABLISHMEMT
King 5 News is complicit with the destruction in Seattle and is even resisting giving video of rioters to the police. Disgusting.
Super sad Bad decision by city council!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Never settle chief Best. Love your decades of service for Seattle!!!
Honestly it's the right move for her because these politicians going to burn. State and city to the ground. And she got out before they point fingers at her..   Seattle is lost. How the mayor and governor take a pay cut?
Seattle is losing its only true leader, everyone else are politicians who bend over to anarcho-communism and could care less about their community.  History will never forgive Seattle's city politburo, I mean city council.
They should let the Awesome Chief do her job grrrrr
YOU ARE FREE, HAPPY RETIREMENT, ENJOY!!
How do you like Democrat Socialism so far? PORT, NY, CHI, ATL, WA, DC Minneapolis just to mention a few. All Democrat leadership did the same thing, allowing the rioters to destroy.  If Joe Biden is elected President America will be on fire.....only Biden won't send federal officers.  Democrat Mayors ordering police to stand down while the city is looted, burned. citizens beaten in the streets, monuments destroyed, police stations attacked taken over and allowed to be occupied. Antifa and BLM founder is a Marxist, (the media is hiding this fact) are the criminals behind this and the Democrat city and state leaders are complicit.  Biden stated he's going to “transform America” If you vote for Joe Biden it will be for a far left platform.. Joe will follow the radical left’s agenda or Joe won’t get the support (and he is) of Nancy Pelosi, Bernie Sanders, Karen Bass (Leader Congressional Black Caucus), llhan Omar, Kamala Harris, Elizabeth Warren, Val Demings, Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, Valerie Jarrett,. Rashida Talib, Stacy Abrams, Ayanna Pressley, Nancy Pelosi, Sheila Jackson Lee, Tom Perez, Maxine Waters, Pramila Jayapal.  This is the core of the socialists wing of the Democrat party and is firmly in charge, not old , confused Joe Biden. Biden will be a puppet to a liberal Vice President and those mentioned above.) Socialist llhan Omar stated recently, she will support Biden who has "one of the most progressive platforms in the history of the Democrat party." He does
I don't blame her I wouldn't work for LIBERAL CITY COUNCIL LIKE THAT IT'S A CESSPOOL LIKE PORTLAND OREGON
Thrown under the bus and not supported by the "leadership" in Seattle to appease the extreme left and Antifa. Feel bad for her.
Democrat Platform & Goals: (Do you know?)  *Citizenship for 20 to 50 million illegal aliens, DACA, TPS recipients and their families with a cost of billions.  *Free Healthcare for Illegal aliens, DACA, TPS recipients (taxpayer funded with one estimate at 52 trillion) Joe Biden endorsed.  *Massive tax increases. All Democrat candidates have committed to tax increases of various amounts. Biden has stated he will raise taxes to over 71 trillion. With his platform, he will have to.  *Sanctuary Cities & States. Joe Biden supports sanctuary cities.  *Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, Green new deal.(which would create massive unemployment, 100,000 jobs estimated in the transportation industry alone.) Biden supports.  *Reparations for race’s harmed by Caucasians. Joe Biden committed to support Sheila Jackson Lee’s reparations bill in the House. Basically a tax will be levied on all Caucasians in America. (you can’t make this stuff up)  *De-fund & terminate border patrol & ICE.  * Climate Change: Biden climate change plan will cost trillions of tax dollars & jobs.  * Biden will attack the Second Amendment (as it is now) Biden has stated Beto O'Rourke will be his gun Czar "Hell yeah I'm coming for your guns."  *De-fund Police. Kamala Harris called it “re-imagine law enforcement” in the senate. Biden recently stated he was in favor, quote “redirecting law enforcement finds.” Biden will do what the far left wants.  *Ending of all private / employer based health care. “Medicare for all”, Feds run everything.  *Illegal Aliens eligible for welfare & food stamps. (Elizabeth Warren’s plan adopted) Endorsed by Biden.  *Free college for all, including illegal aliens (taxpayer funded with estimates in the billions. Bernie Sanders plan adopted.  *Decriminalization of illegal entry into our country.  *Open Borders.  *End all deportations of illegal aliens, if you get here, you stay. Bernie’s website calls it a “moratorium” on deportations.  *Drivers Licenses for illegal aliens (already happening in states with Democrat leadership. Biden endorsed  *Late term abortions up to 9 months.  * Destruction and erasing our history.  Democrats want to make this election all about President Trump. NOT their platform & Goals for obvious reasons.
I knew this would happen.  How much could one person take.
Every cop in Seattle should resign.
Sad,start holding the media accountable for misleading Americans,causing some of the most horrific riots and scare tactics in American History. Stop being ignorant,do your own research stop listening to the media as fact.
Run for Mayor!
Whats going on is just as bad as when protester were spitting and yelling 'baby killer' to Vietnam vets. Hero's deserve justice and respect! Seattle just lost its best leader!
Just remember not long ago she was all "it's a peaceful protest." This is what libs do to secure their power. And I'm pretty sure her views haven't changed.
Good for her! The city officials are a group of Numbnuts.  Good lord what a mess. Hey go work for the Feds as Trump would be happy to have you.  Write a book and tell all!  Take a pay cut..... hilarious
Hey Libtards you've now got free reign in Seattle again. Please for the love of America flock there.
The devil 👿 Communist corruption DemocRATs are insane slavery for communist China 🇨🇳 socialist propaganda. They are treasons and scum bags. Crew them all.
we all know the old saying "play stupid games win stupid prizes"?   well, de funding the police is a stupid game.
Yet another reason not to do business in Seattle.
Seattle goes down the toilet!
All Seattle politicians need to be out!!  Investigations should begin.
She will be missed SOON!!!  I would like ALL POLICE TO QUIT, AND TAKE THEIR FAMILIES AND MOVE OUT OF STATE IN PROTEST!!!  Don’t want to ruin their lives, but the GREAT Offices of the Law, will be put at SO MUCH risk by the cities actions!  If not leave the state, at least go to work for a town/city that actually wants them to do their job!  AND APPRECIATES THEM A HELL OF A LOT MORE!!!
Good for her.  No one wants to work for people that 1) don't support you, 2) don't appreciate you and lastly 3) set you up for failure.   She had no other choice and kudos to her for taking control of the situation leaving crazy town.
*Gladys Knight just got Pimped by Affirmative Action. Now she's the Designated Scape Goat.*
There are many Republican run states that will hire you.
Can't blame her.
What a crying shame. I really hope the people of Seattle think about their choices for office in 83 days.
Apparently this black life doesn't matter for much.  What a shame,  I hope she finds something better elsewhere.
All of the police should resign since seattle wants them gone let the so called mayor and city counsel deal with the lawlessness
Congratulations on a wonderful decision. You are one of a few that stands up to this political BS that is going on.      I hope you find a decent job because your strength sure does justify it.     God bless you and hopefully he guides you in the right direction.
Chief Carmen had a life changing choice: save her soul and lose her job or lose her soul and and save her job. She took the high road. She will rise above the askes.
Way to stand your ground! Enough is enough! I wish you all the best Chief Best! You are amazing! I am afraid for your city.
The Seattle City Council ARE A BUNCH OF STUPID FOOLS they must be on dope.
Don't quit we need you
The Seattle City Council is A BUNCH OF STUPID FOOLS
May God take care of Chief Carmen  and her family WE SEND YOU LOVE CHIEF.
This shouldn't have surprised anyone. Seattle has slowly been transitioning to shithole.
Once you start defunding, people start leaving. Best of luck to the SPD. Chief Best, I salute you.
She should do it !!! No respect from the city officials or any support.
She did right
Report the news and stop with the partisan crap opinions ! Jerks
I don't blame her!! These budget cuts put officer's lives at risk, I'd resign too!!
Terrible news for my city!
And if you’re a Democrat and you live in Seattle and you own a store,business or home and it gets destroyed,by the peaceful protesters of coarse,how can you get mad? I mean really,shouldn’t you be happy and proud that your loss will stop systemic racism,police brutality and advance Trump hatred throughout America??
How can you people feel sorry for this woman  she was a liberal  in a socialist city  and they  threw her  under bus  Good God almighty  she is not a  victim.  She  got  bitten  by the socialist snake? Goodbye  Seattle.  Good luck to the leftist  libs.
if only it were Kshama Sawant getting booted out of office, everything would go back to the way it was pre-2015
I am so very glad I fled  the Puget Sound area!!!  I doubt it is race, it's hate for the police,  the place has gone stark raving nuts. Can you imagine what would happen if the region had a large earthquake, now?  I would not return for all the gold on the planet.  It has become a dystopia.  I  think Ms. Best is doing the wise thing, get out now, good luck in her future life.
Big mistake cutting their pay and reducing the amount of officers. Crime will get much worse. Absolutely disastrous decision.
Chief! Run for mayor🙏
I can't wait till November hopefully all these jerks will be voted out for what they deserve that is respectful
Seattle deserves what they're going to get and Far be it for me to notice that the police chief is a black woman
Seattle is a mess, no doubt!
Sad, this is not America. Seattle will get what they ask for in the end. Best of luck Chief Best, you did the right thing. God Bless you!!
Her replacement will wear a Che tee.
I feel bad for Carmen Best.
Burn babby burn , free for all..keep voting democratic...
Says it all!
Your mayor and city council dosent support you even as a black woman all the while you and your men put your lives on the line to clean their rioter mess. I would leave too aint no gratitude from Democrats they just want to spend others money to get votes. Join the list of Detroit,Chicago, Baltimore, Oakland, and NYC. Seattle
THAT'S A "BOSS LADY" !!! AND IF I WERE ONE OF HER COPS...I'D WALK OUT RIGHT BEHIND HERE... FOR ANYONE WITH A PROBLEM WITH THIS STATEMENT...KNOW THIS... NO PERSON IS OBLIGATED TO STAY IN MUCK AND MIRE...WHEN THE MUCK AND MIRE IS PREMEDITATED.
They will be” begging her” back....
Great we don't want you  have nothing to be proud of lol
She seems likea good person, so of course the lunatics on the council drove her out.  The council and the mayor should be in Guantanamo.  Scumbags killing a once awesome city.
I would like to hear the council members defend their actions.
maybe its time for a total rebuild starting with the mayor, governor and the people that have destroyed it ! 👍
The whole police department should go on strike until all of the city council members resign.
STEP DOWN MAYOR!!! Have some pride, no one wants you here. SHAME ON YOU for chasing off our Chief!
Thats just whats needed in seattle....less police...really
Thank You for all you have done. It is Seattle's loss with your leaving. There are many agencies that would welcome you. Go out with your head high as it should be, you are the winner
Everyone who needs others to protect them educate them and govern them....have u ever heard of "policing ur own"....giving responsibilities to others instead of it falling on the individual..u n i...destroys communities....rise up and liberate your mind, take off ur slave masks (all of them) and think for yourself....
She is a one fine officer and a great leader. It's too bad that Democrats had thrown her and her officers under the bus. Choose your vote wisely in November.
She should trim her eye lashes
She is at best incompetent and most likely guilty of criminal conspiracy.
She is so hot!
Well never mind the police guess it will be up to the people
Is she taking an advisory position for BLM or antifa ? Did she raid the weapons  and ammo locker before she resigned ?
Don't blame her one bit
She would be treated much worse if she were white male...
She's caught between a rock and a hard place, what else can she do?
One of the worst decisions was to move my family to this dreaded city.  Just make it quick and fire all the cops, why do we need them for right? Don’t be a b¥&@¥ when you get assaulted or your house gets robbed. No one wants to hear it.
Will  B L M. PROTESTERS, MARCH  FOR  Chief Best??? I think all the people in Seattle Black and white should show there support for this amazing Chief  of Seattle. GET OUT ON THE STREETS NOW BEFORE IT'S TO LATE. FROM BONNIE SCOTLAND 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿🇬🇧🇺🇸 MAGA.
Nobody cares
How are you guys acting like this is such a surprise move.  how would anybody react if they were told they were getting $100,000 pay cut after 30 years of loyal faithful service.  if anything I'm just surprised at her level of professionalism and her patience level.
"Due to a certain belief" He can't even say it like it is' A controlled puppet,must be desperate for work.
The Chief will make a great Grandma and will instill values in her children and grandchildren! I wish Carmen the best future ever! Maybe a part time job evaluating applications for sub contract services of Seattle Government administration, great job from home for Carmen!
Too bad the now former chief sees this through the prism of race. It’s about Leftist intolerance.
Why is the media making this about race?  It would seem she resigned because the Seattle city council treated her like crap.  Its pretty obvious the city council would bend over backwards to try to "help" a person of color, but has absolutely no problem expressing their obvious distaste for the police.  I can say with confidence the city council would have treated a white male police chief just as poisonously as they treated Chief Best... they just don't like the cops.
This is an outrage! The council now can defend itself?  When the people come in grad them by their collar and toss them into the street! Intelligence and Experience tells me the Mayor and Council of Seattle are now in real danger and don’t even know it! Vote Trump to stop this nonsense and indict and arrest the COUP CABAL of Traitors!
CARMEN BEST RUN FOR MAYOR!! YOU WILL WIN  30 years experience on the force.  no leader knows the circumstances unless they were on the front lines.  YOU HAVE MY VOTE!! this goes beyond BLM  it's basic on principals that we should all apply when 1 gets mistreated especially from Political leaders.
Inslee is an utter disgrace. Washington deserves what they voted for. God help ‘em.
I love this black police Chief, so how is BLM going idiots!
Shame on Seattle administration! Shame on the Washington State Governor! Shame on the people of Washington State! Your leaders have destroyed Seattle and property values and safety and the education is indoctrination! GOOD BY WASHINGTON past great State! Violent Marxists will not stop until Americans put an end to all of this hate destruction and economic obliviousness! VOTE TRUMP!
Perfect timing.  She might even get a job in Santa Clara and help remake other city into another Seattle.
In Seattle the Police Chief should arrest the Mayor and Council!
The Seattle Mayor and Council are a bunch of America hating fools! When the people decide to take their City back, who will protect these elected criminals, yes folks it’s cultural! And it’s criminal! VOTE TRUMP!
Smart women.  You can’t fix a broken system. The only hope for the City would be a complete recall of all elected officials.
To bad they lost a great chief there loss.
The Seattle Police Department is weaker with this loss of this Police Chief.  Well done Democrats lunatics
The mayor and city council gotta go. Vote all it them out of office.
Honestly I think a white male police chief would've been even more sidelined in this case.
The major and city council know they f@*cked up.  Screwing over the only minority female chief.  Your better off Chief Best. Someone will give you a better opportunity, because of the leadership, integrity and honesty.  Best wishes to you.
She was a good officer
It was a 100 jobs people!  It's only 99 now!
And it's total BS. I'm from Indiana. Never been to Seattle but I support the police.
It's the city council and the mayor that needs to leave.  But, again this is what Democrat citizens get for electing these idiots.
Can anyone blame her?
Good riddance....hopefully many will follow suit so that America can be free of their oppression.  All I ever hear from Police Dept. is we need  more money out of your taxes so that we can have more tools to better harass and ruin your families.   See ya and don't let the door hit you  in the as$$. And NOO don't replace them with any other force unless they are constitutional.
Bellevue Police Chief should resign to! Happy Mike Chen?
She tried lot of incompetent people she worked for that tied her hands
How is this shocking news? This was your plan from the very beginning.
Carmen Best is just another causality of the poor leadership Seattle City Council and Mayor Jenny Durkan.  Seattle City Council is a joke.  Carmen will make more in retirement than taking the pay cut.  I would like to see the City Council and the Mayor take a pay cut.
She's weak and can't handle the pressure. Good riddance. Trump 2020
Anyone that voted to defund the police department shouldn't be allowed police protection paid for by the taxpayers.
thankyou chief for your service...
That,s sad
HAPPY RETIREMENT..your the only sane person running Seattle...xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Shame on Seattle Council  Shame on BLM. Both love Looting and Destruction
Hopefully this will be a wake-up call for the people of Seattle to get up and vote out these Marxist demons and replace them with Republicans or at the very least sane Democrats.
BLM Movement is costing the Black People a lot of Pain & loss of life & disasters/PLEASE STOP!!!!!!!!!
thanks BLM and dumb ass governor
What a shame. Seattle needs to rethink what they are doing. All the best to you and your family chief
These case is not about race ! It's this black Police Chef wants to do what is right. But this liberal BS counselor and mayor are idiots!
Seattle likes to parade its self as liberal “equal rights for everyone” city. But the reality is that the infrastructure is definitely bias and corrupt. The city council and the mayor are 💯 responsible for what has happened. They are just looking for scape goats to pass the blame onto. I’m glad the Chief decided to walk away from that circus.  I just finished walking around downtown Seattle today after being away for a year. It has turned into a dump! There are so many homeless camps, boarded up businesses, graffiti and trash everywhere! I was seriously shocked, saddened and upset at what has happens to the city. Capitol Hill looks like the day after the purge. All Political parties aside. The city council and the mayor need to be held accountable. They should all resign and give the citizens an apology.
This is outrageous !  The Mayor and Governor need to be driven out from their position.  Every single city that is ran by socialists needs to be assigned help from the National Guard to reestablish law, order, and normalcy.  New leaders need to be sworn  and current ones imprisoned because of treason.  😤
Like rats leaving a sinking ship. Shame though I expect her journey to chief was a grind, now liberals and their race baiting ends in moments like this.
Black lives matter?.....as long as your not a police officer!
Chattin' With DJ WILL W - Episode 10 (MY OPINION ON SUCCESS) Checkkk
I HOPE AND PRAY Antifa and BLM burn the entire city to the ground.  You idiots deserve it!
I don't blame her. She was exploited and shunned by the very people she protected. Its criminal the way she was treated. I know of several departments and communities that would be proud to have her as chief. Just because Durkan has her head in her ass doesn't mean Best didn't do the job she swore to do.
To citizens of Seattle, get out of this godforsaken city as soon as you can!! Run now, run fast!!
Can anyone blame her?  The head on collision that Seattle is hurtling towards is going to be a disaster. The council is going to drive the big employers to move elsewhere, crime to run rampant, and the city to become a slum.  Very unfortunate that voters can’t see this.
She should be made to pay for damages incurred on her watch with riots she refused to stop.  Now she walks away scott free after the cities shot hell she should b brought up on charges
About time the rest of the cops should leave also   the mayor should be jailed
This is terrible.
Blm'ers socialist scum got their way
Getting out early to cash in on that pension eh? I guess the budget cuts will eat into that real fast
The only shock is that people are letting the idiot politicians do this. Unbelievable!!!! Only in America! I use to think it was crazy that trump became the President. But then we saw him do more than any other politician had done. So maybe this no cop thing will prove me wrong again..... But I don't think so.
Good, she's a pig.  ACAB
Seattle is becoming a Utopia once the left finishes their reforms!...
Hahahahaha good luck Seattle!! Can't wait to watch Mad Max play out for real. Says a Canadian sitting from his couch eating popcorn!!
Yall would think it was the pay cut, but no, its the big bad white mans fault for her resignation...🙄
I don't believe it was about $ for her
Seattle doesn't deserve a police department, let alone a police chief .
I give a big salute to this hero cop, she showed those chaz terrorists what law and order look like, she is a true American hero. she deserves to be more than a police chief, in my opinion, she should join the feds.
It was not about her salary, Chris  is not been truthful
Good bye!
We need to hear from the Chief herself.  I can’t imagine what it was like for her to see the chaos and be powerless to stop it .  We won’t know the truth unless we hear her story.  Bless this patriot
Thank you for all your hard work and keeping the people of Seattle Washington safe. Million thank you Carmen Best. 🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗
Another loss for Seattle!
Washington state needs a change VOTE for Republicans we need a change.  (No MORE DEMOCRATS)
Great chief carmen. We are sorry. That the DEMOCRATS mayor, senator, and governor. Washington state needs a change.  No more DEMOCRATS.
Why you defunding cops that are not corrupt !?!?!
Sorry
Poor woman. She obviously held the public interest ahead of her own. You get to know who the best people are in a time of crisis. I hope she is taken on by another organisation who values loyalty.
She’ll probably be welcomed into a roll in a Republican state soon.
So sad.  From what I’ve seen, she seems like an awesome person!
Democrat Platform & Goals: (Do you know?) *Citizenship for 20 to 50 million illegal aliens, DACA, TPS recipients and their families with a cost of billions. *Free Healthcare for Illegal aliens, DACA, TPS recipients (taxpayer funded with one estimate at 52 trillion) Joe Biden endorsed.  *Massive tax increases. All Democrat candidates have committed to tax increases of various amounts. Biden has stated he will raise taxes to over 71 trillion. With his platform, he will have to.  *Sanctuary Cities & States. Joe Biden supports sanctuary cities.  *Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, Green new deal.(which would create massive unemployment, 100,000 jobs estimated in the transportation industry alone.) Biden supports.  *Reparations for race’s harmed by Caucasians. Joe Biden committed to support Sheila Jackson Lee’s reparations bill in the House. Basically a tax will be levied on all Caucasians in America. (you can’t make this stuff up)  *De-fund & terminate border patrol & ICE.  * Climate Change: Biden climate change plan will cost trillions of tax dollars & jobs.  * Biden will attack the Second Amendment (as it is now) Biden has stated Beto O'Rourke will be his gun Czar "Hell yeah I'm coming for your guns."  *De-fund Police. Kamala Harris called it “re-imagine law enforcement” in the senate. Biden recently stated he was in favor, quote “redirecting law enforcement finds.” Biden will do what the far left wants.  *Ending of all private / employer based health care. “Medicare for all”, Feds run everything.  *Illegal Aliens eligible for welfare & food stamps. (Elizabeth Warren’s plan adopted) Endorsed by Biden.  *Free college for all, including illegal aliens (taxpayer funded with estimates in the billions. Bernie Sanders plan adopted.  *Decriminalization of illegal entry into our country.  *Open Borders.  *End all deportations of illegal aliens, if you get here, you stay. Bernie’s website calls it a “moratorium” on deportations.  *Drivers Licenses for illegal aliens (already happening in states with Democrat leadership. Biden endorsed  *Late term abortions up to 9 months.  * Destruction and erasing our history.  Democrats want to make this election all about President Trump. NOT their platform & Goals for obvious reas  How do you like Democrat Socialism? PORT, NY, CHI, ATL, WA, DC Minneapolis just to mention a few. All Democrat leadership did the same thing, allowing the rioters to destroy. Like the third world isn’t it. Democrat Mayors ordering Police to stand down while the city is looted, burned. citizens beaten in the streets, monuments destroyed, police stations attacked taken over and allowed to be occupied by liberal Mayors & Governors. Antifa and BLM (founder is a Marxist) are the criminals behind this and the Democrat city and state leaders are complicit.  Biden has recently stated that Police need to be de-funded “redirected” If Joe Biden is elected America will be on fire…..only Biden won’t send federal officers. Biden stated he’s going to “transform America”  If you vote for Joe Biden it will be for a far left platform.. Joe will follow the radical left’s agenda or Joe won’t get the support (and he is) of Nancy Pelosi, Bernie Sanders, llhan Omar, Kamala Harris, Elizabeth Warren, Adam Schiff, Val Demings, Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, Valerie Jarrett,. Rashida Talib, Stacy Abrams, Ayanna Pressley, Nancy Pelosi, Sheila Jackson Lee, Tom Perez, Maxine Waters, Al Green, Jerry Nadler, Pramila Jayapal.  (This is the core of the socialists leftist wing of the Democrat party and are firmly in charge, not old , confused Joe Biden. Biden will be a puppet to a liberal Kamala Harris and those mentioned above.)
I love you Jenny
2:00.      Thats really wild when the dipshits went to her house and would not leave Carmen alone.    🗡️⚔️🎀⭐🌟💫✨
*Literally 1% who are reading this, I wish that you and your family will live more than 1000 years❤❤*
pay cut is so disrespectful at time like this. Im surprised all the police havent quit.
The police have a dangerous Career, and I think they are doing a great job with all the protestsers and violence.  🍧🍨🍦🍰
I love you poliice
P good for you good for you I would not put up with one minute of this game of s***from the Democrats! Good for you
Those poor cops
I love you Carmen
She has been ruling since I was a bby, and she did an amazing job.        Thank you for keeping us safe.     🧟😣😩
Not a shock; with city Council putting the Chief in an impossible, no win situation.   The Chief knows crime will rise because of cuts, and when that happens, the city Council will not take responsibility, and blame chief.
That mayor and city council are lunatics, hypocrites. And it sounds like their is a little racism going on.
Question is would a white democratic male be treated this way, in this day in age PROBABLY not!!! What a sad commentary on our country as a whole.
Detroit could use a strong leader.
Cut their resources not their jobs. Take their guns.
I don’t blame her. Who wants to be police chief for that shithole city
Good
The mayors plan
Don't blame her, all you losers who voted that way will regret it. I have heard at least 15 families are moving some people are say 100 families are moving
She and the "leaders " there belong in jail
Best wish on your next job. I hope it will be much more team work.
Its kind of demeaning insulting to anyone that you had been chosen because of the color of skin. . .chief Best is deserving that and the next should be as good as her and please dont put a color of skin for the next chief
Entire force should resign leave them without cops. Let their radical ideology manifest the new detroit.
The left, dems and blm have officially gone off the deep end.
I don't really watch this channel and would like to applaud the news reporter for the petty question of if you were white male and the police chief..... I dunno how people expect others to stomach the racism and hate in that question so let me ask you a question. If you were educated and reported the news instead of stirring the pot, what kind of ratings would you receive? Oh that's right none because your base wouldn't watch. I feel badly for the chief but seeing as she had a white mentor it sickens me that race is brought into her idea of why she's getting a pay cut. Let me explain for your next talk with her. It isn't because you're a black woman, it's because left wing idiots like on the council (refer to earlier idiocy from the council) politically caved to the mobs of left wing extremists, you know the ones trying to kill cops, and gave you a pay cut because they want to pander to those types of people. So can y'all media quit with the racist bullcrap? If anything America is racist towards white people, name one program that's all white for whites only like the naacp, united negro college fund,  or la raza.... or a quota where you get a bonus for hiring people.... oops I'm sorry you were gas lighting?
Get rid of that city council you dip shits!!!
I'm not sure which these Democrat mayors hate more, America or themselves.
Accomplished the narrative they wanted ! Hard times are coming for Seattle and Portland both.
Every city where there are riots a black woman is in charge good ole America using black as pawns again they tried using the black man but he was to hard to use so why not use the black women🤦🏾‍♂️🤦🏾‍♂️🤦🏾‍♂️
Democrats hate America !!!
According to satan ritual, during the month of October, lots of abduction have to happen, then a sacrificial (human) ceremony on holloween day. Look up satan rituals yourself, how convenient to defund the police just in time. Watch your kids parents
The entire Force should follow the Chief..Give'em the Finger as you walk away
Cops should retire or go on disability
Now the people need to leave Seattle. Your social worker will be there at the rape seen or violent robbery, hostage  situation in about two hours or so after they get their DHS paperwork completed and lunch hour over with
Good for her!
She made the right choice less headache   pointless working for a banana republic council  and a clueless mayor
She will resign but she will walk away with a big pension .
Why she resigning for?
She was in contact with O'Toole. Wow. And they were both women. This is so off course. Did they feel they were to soft. Other cities have female chiefs. I don't know this stuff is worst then murder.
She was in contact with O'Toole. Wow. And they were both women. This is so off course. Did they feel they were to soft. Other cities have female chiefs. I don't know this stuff is worst then murder.
I live 30 min N of Seattle and the only sane voice during all of the crazy we've all been witnessing has been Chief Best's. The shenanigans and stupidity of the mayor and the council have really brought Seattle down and her resigning is an epic tragedy that will reverberate negatively all through the city. I didn't think that it could get worse, but it looks like it can. So sad.
P.S. Inslee is a spineless lying puke that should give Chief Best his Governors pension because he doesn't deserve it. He's already pissed away enough of our taxpayer dollars with his joke of a POTUS run along with added security cost for campaigning and fundraising. LOBOTOMIZE THE LEFT!
Didn't the Whispers sing a song and the beat goes on? Well it does.
Lmao. defunding the police, now let’s see if crime rates will decrease...
Inslee, Durkan, and the City Council are a bunch of ignorant Marxist scum. I hope the increased crime comes directly to the doorsteps of the City Council. These ignorant cunts and the people that voted for them should be lobotomized!!!!
Don't blame her either. Now the nation will sit back and watch these cities fall into disrepair and chaos. Be careful what you wish for!
They will learn how crazy and dangerous it will be even for them and also leave ANTIFAAAS coming soon to a town near you.
DEMOCRAT EQUALS COMMUNIST
Great idea retire and draw your money at a higher wage. Don't blame her
Lmao it would be funny if a white man took her spot. Is this the change the BLM movement there wanted lmao.
The mayor is NOT the brightest on the planet and is a great dissapointment to Seattleites. Residents are losing the best in losing Best. The mayor is the one that should resign effective immediately!
You can't make this stuff up. A really first-class,  dedicated chief is driven to quit by a bunch of irresponsible councillors.  Such respected, hardworking police should be honoured  not given a hard time.
Oh ya I forgot. Maybe the powers at hand will let at least a few thousand current prisoners out to the public.  cause gun control is pretty heavy/ strict in the city.  That could really take this city down  along with the homeless situation
God Bless her! Pull all police in all of the areas that don't want them there and the areas where they want to cut them and let the zoo animals run those cities!!!
Good for the chief.  She has to get clear of this BS. I live here & know what I’m talking about. Time to defund the mayor and Wa, Governor  with no pensions.  Cause  you can’t fix the  STUPIDITY  going on in this whole area.
Ms. Best, please come to our city and be welcome. Every officer is Seattle should walk off the job.
How could anyone be shocked, I feel bad for her and Seattle police in general.
Citizens unite and hunt these coward leaders down! We can make citizen arrests and hold our own trials! They should never be allowed to serve in office again! Extremely shameful people are allowing this to happen in their cities! Stand up for whats right!!! The people will not be silent any longer!
BLM took out 1 of their own!!! LoL Lol!!!!!!!!!! Not all BLM?
Good for her, she's getting out just before Seattle and those commie bastards go into a free fall decent straight to the very bottom of hell. Good riddance Seattle you used to be a great city.
This is because she was not allowed in the discussion about police reform or refunding.. She resigned because the Mayor and Governor are weak leaders and they are to blame for the violence and criminal activity. Chief Best will not be complicit in the abuse and weakness from Seattle's council. It has nothing to do with race.. people who make it about race are racists themselves.. The woman on the phone is clearly  a race divider! God Bless the righteous Americans who stand for liberty and freedom..
This trouble Big Time for seattle
not sure how cutting PD budgets changes racial profiling and stops sick psychos that kill civilians
The democrats history of slavery and racism is still alive and well in 2020.
Best decision she could make. That city is garbage, she deserves to run a dept in a city that would appreciate her. She doesn't want to be part of the plantation.
Hahahahahah keep going u idiots Ruin the US more. Idiots.
God bless you "Carmen Best" just like your name says you still are that...much respect!
I am really sorry to hear this news.  I have all respect for her.  I stand strong with her on decision  made she gave it all her heart, dedication and life. But I guess her heart and all was not good enough.  They showed no respect for her or her department...what's the point move on you can do greater things let them deal with their own chaos.  If they only knew the harm their doing and the big loss of her leadership and department it would be different.
Good for her. Stand by your convictions. This woman is a role model.
Seattle’s Marxist politics will be its demise. Sad to see
That city is going down.i hope all the council members get replaced
Carmen Best, I appreciate your service. I am sorry Seattle lost one of their finest Officer. I wish you well. Their loss.
They should sack city councillors instead , they tied the polices hands
I swear black people don’t even like black people so I doubt she will get any support.
It’s unfair that she resigned, she was forced to do it. It’s sad!!!
She's seems to support the police department but decides to resign! Why?
Anyone else getting a feeling that ever since Floyd's case has started, literally everywhere in the world people are being hellbent on destroying the police force?
Liberalism is not a political philosophy as much as it is a weak character trait. I know I use to be one! Seattle is a complete mess because of it. Wake up, people!
Honestly her, the mayor, and that socialist councilwoman should all be out on their asses.
Idk why but I feel that she kinda looks like the old version of cardi b😅
Noooooo dont GOOOOOO HELL COME ON TO THE SOUTH WE WILL TAKE U AND U ACTUALLY DO THAT RIGHT THINGS LIKE TAKE DOWN DRUG DEALERS AND GANGS DOWN!! WE ALL HAVE TO STAND AGAINST THE COMMUNIST!!  FALL or RISE PEOPLE!
Had nothing to do with race or gender. First off the council is 6-3 women and which half are of a non-caucasian decent. If she where white and male...she wouldn’t even have the position to begin with hence why she was the chief in the first place. Typical garbage question by this libtard news station.
Huh  I wouldn't risk my life everyday for anything less than 200k a year.  and they want to cut her pay.  Doctors should take a pay cut and give to the police
She was never a leader  Let the blind continue to lead the blind 😂👍
Absolutely the only thing she could do.  The rest of the force should do the same.
I Blame the Protests on Covid Its Just A Way that People are relieving their stress because alot of Them All Probably Now Out of Work Unemployed Without Money Broke and Are Taking Out Their Stress by rioting and protesting!!!Will Seattle Become the Next Detroit? Slash Half their Police Force Crime Will Now Double Businesses Will Then Pull Out of the City People Will Fear the Rise in Crime Will Move Out of the City!!!Seattle Is Now Set to Become the Next Bankrupt City!!!No More People Living There No More Businesses =No revenue from taxes!!!
That's ok, she deserves better
I hope she moves to Arizona we could use a good chief of police here.
I wish Carmen Best the best. I hope that next year this time she has found a much better job where she can be appreciated.
What gets me the most is the chief of police is black and she's being discriminated against
The council voted. Well, this is Chief Best's vote of no confidence in Seattle's elected leadership.
Poor lady, sorry! This all because she not a amoral leftist!
I think she's so beautiful
and europenian citizens.. buy  handguns.. 😀
It doesn't matter who you are or what your job is.  If you are forced into a position to not be able to do your job properly, you say "F this nonsense, I quit!"
That's one ugly ass dude!
Quitting over 6 figure   pay cut which only happened cos she's black if 100k is 40% shes left with 150k  how can anyone be expected to cope ?
I grew up in Lynnwood and enjoyed going to seattle on field trips and when I graduated high school l, had no problem going down and shopping or enjoying the waterfront. But it has been a long time coming, and now seattle has died. It is now a third world city. Good job Democrats, this is your doing.
highballs cutinizing
Carmen Best is too white for Seattle ... let that sink in.
Hopefully cops will follow her lead and walk away from shiteatle
This is what the Democrat party loves to do, destroy
You HAVE to bring into this. Why? Really, why?
Just heart breaking
Too bad. It should have been Durkin.
Rest of department needs to quit as well
Good riddance, useless tool of Democrat Communists. Retired with full pension paid for by us taxpayers. Shameful.
BLM, as Well all others !!!
Black Lives Matter - ESPECIALLY the black lives of those who put their lives on the line to protect underserved neighbourhoods and social hotspots. This identity politics is a disgrace.
This is all part of the Antifa plan First the Black female Chief of Police in Atlanta second was the Demotion of the Milwaukee Chief a Latino Male, The Chicago Chief is under Fire and Now Chief Best is treated like this after her time on the force. these politicians are tying their hands and giving orders to them to improve their look in public at all costs. The public is suffering for these political hacks.
Keep giving in to the mob. Eventually when the streets are overrun by bullies and criminals you will be begging for the police to do something and none will be left to clean up the mess.
Believe they want people to move out so communists can buy up property
Where were the moderates in Seattle, why aren’t they standing up for what is good in their police force?   Are they too afraid of being accused of being racist if they bring some nuance to the disc?  Improve the force and root out systemic racism, yes absolutely, but for goodness sake stand up for what is good, like Chief Best, and other great officers.    Or is Seattle a monolith of one opinion?   When did that happen?
I don’t blame her.  People don’t want the police?  Fine.  Do without. Police yourselves.  Just don’t blame me anarchy reigns.
Need to clean house in Seattle with new city council people and mayor.
Thank you for your service Chief!  Being given a 40% pay cut, would give me cause to resign!
If I were living in Seattle right now, I would find a way to move.
Seattle is getting what its voters want.
This is so 😥 sad. I understand way she is stepping down.
Council is crazy! Period..cutting off nose to spite their face..
And of course, the conversation turns to ethnicity and skin color.  Any wonder why we have so many racial problems in the country?
Good job seattle. You got rid of our black female police chief
Buh bye class traitor 🙋🏾‍♀️🙋🏾‍♀️
Coward
Crazy Seattle smh
Glad police finally getting the punishment they deserve from years and years of abusing their power and violating our freedoms, and for the people that are dumb enough to think crime will go up, guess what it will but it was already going up when the police were getting billions, fund the schools so kids don’t have to go to crime to make good money
Please don't give up Carnen!  Keep helping in some way.  Jesus is on your side!
Hard to do her job when you have neo-Nazis running a city. Vote Red save your Cities.
I'm middle of the road politically.  That said, the ultra liberals are killing this country.  You need to have proper police manpower.
Maybe she might consider moving to Fort Worth, Texas.  Our FWPD Chief of Police has recently announced his retirement.
It would be nice if Seattle would have support this Woman!!
just the start for democrat run cities believe many more to follow
Awful,,, I don't blame her- the writings on the wall, no pun intended.
this is a grave decision being done by these cities that are decided to defund the police what a grave mistake you are making a grave mistake your citizens the ones that are hard at work paying their taxes paying their bills and you're cutting their security how dare you you are so wrong
She is a class act.  A town with character would love to have her as a leader.  Thanks for your service Chief Best!
I sure don't see any Democratic Mayors taking any kind of pay cut.
I wish Carmen was our mayor instead of that incompetent nothing we have now.
I think they have more shocks coming, stupid ass idiots running the city.
How do you like Democrat Socialism so far? PORT, NY, CHI, ATL, WA, DC Minneapolis just to mention a few. All Democrat leadership did the same thing, allowing the rioters to destroy.  If Joe Biden is elected President America will be on fire.....only Biden won't send federal officers.  Democrat Mayors ordering police to stand down while the city is looted, burned. citizens beaten in the streets, monuments destroyed, police stations attacked taken over and allowed to be occupied. Antifa and BLM founder is a Marxist, (the media is hiding this fact) are the criminals behind this and the Democrat city and state leaders are complicit.  Biden stated he's going to “transform America” If you vote for Joe Biden it will be for a far left platform.. Joe will follow the radical left’s agenda or Joe won’t get the support (and he is) of Nancy Pelosi, Bernie Sanders, Karen Bass (Leader Congressional Black Caucus), llhan Omar, Kamala Harris, Elizabeth Warren, Val Demings, Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, Valerie Jarrett,. Rashida Talib, Stacy Abrams, Ayanna Pressley, Nancy Pelosi, Sheila Jackson Lee, Tom Perez, Maxine Waters, Pramila Jayapal.  This is the core of the socialists wing of the Democrat party and is firmly in charge, not old , confused Joe Biden. Biden will be a puppet to a liberal Vice President and those mentioned above.) Socialist llhan Omar stated recently, she will support Biden who has "one of the most progressive platforms in the history of the Democrat party." He does.
Is there any CSPAN footage of that vote? How, in the name of God, did they justify that cut? Was there no one who said this is insane?
It is great news for some people, you will see now black people moving to Seattle and Minneapolos, because they do not have police. And the unhappy people will again vote for those lunatics.
Because she's black and her story didn't fit their narrative. That's why she wasn't included
It's going to take a decade at minimum for Seattle to recover from 2020
God Bless and Good Luck Chief Best...you done all you can for a City that don't  see ..
This is a terrible situation.  A huge pay cut by the mayor without ever meeting with the Chief of Police is very mean. These Democrat Mayors and Democrat Governors are blood sucking traitors!!
The *black lives matter* movement  forced a black female leader....out of her job ....all the while  Democrats  still *claim* to respect black  people and want Joe Biden to pick a black female running mate. The hypocrisy stinks.
You fools lost a Great Woman...now live with what you wished for..A normal Republican run city will snap her up.
First black WOMAN to become a police CHIEF. That’s an accomplishment to be proud of. However, it doesn’t fit the leftist, Marxist BLM narrative. So she was forced out.
I think they should have defunded the city council, mayor and governor for being too lazy to do anything.  We in Texas need good people like Chief Best.
Its sickening the way they treated them.
What forced her out is not her race, it's the city of Seattle Marxist agenda and the way our state has taken to.
Seattle is losing a true gem. I'm so glad I don't live near there anymore. My hometown is nearby but this is a total catastrophe that will allow the criminal element to take over the city. I'm heartbroken!
Why cant the USA have the right to remove a mayor who endangers a city?
Piece of crap mayor and governor!!!  Poor WA State....gone and anarchy on its way!!!
That mayor has no inner strength, no morals beyond her own political future, and no vision whatsoever. I hope the mayor is aware of what people think of her outside of Seattle. Its no good. People think the mayor of seattle is useless and very disgusting in the way she embraces chaos at the risk of the lives of the seattle residents.
Don't blame white people on this one.  Asking if a white male police chief would be treated better?  Can everyone get over this race talk already.  Everything isn't about race ffs.  I feel like the only sane person left on earth not thinking about race every second of the day.  It's our awful city council, mayor and governors fault.  Seattle wake up and stop voting for these idiots or watch your city burn
GTFO of Seattle while you can.
Surprising but not surprising!
God bless Seattle,God guide and give wisdom for the leaders,please.
BLUE FLU!!!!!!   Hopefully Seattle PD’s younger officers run away to departments who will appreciate them! And those older ones who can retire wait till the young ones leave then retire leaving Seattle completely lost and unprotected. Then watch the city council burn!!!
Also, F Jenny Durkan.
4 thoughts if I ran the Country......lol 1. Defund all Media. Then they can rename themselves as Talk Shows. Then publicly fund 1 independent news feed that presents all sides of an issue. 2. Have legislation in place that when Governors and Mayors refuse to protect law biding citizens,  they are immediately remove and charged with any crimes stemming from their intentional negligence.  3. Term limits for all politicians, 4 years and done. 4. Nationalized system of voting.
2:35 . She doesn't get it.
I commend her decision. She is a true professional and a common sense thinker.  What a joke they are.
Seattle ur FUCKED!!!!!!
I gone move out  of Wa before is to late.
Chief Best... us who live in Seattle Love you and Respect you so much.  I am so sorry to hear of our City's loss.  You handled your job with grace and dignity. God Bless you and your future...
God Bless You Chief Best....there are plenty of Republican run cities that would love to have you and allow you to flourish.
yeah! Don't let the door hit you on the way out She's lucky she's not going to prison for the rest of her life for violating Geneva Convention rights. TWICE after she was literally barred by City Council from doing so.  Best news I've heard all month.
So the white mayor made a black police officer quit, little races there
By cutting her pay ... they purposely forced her out ...not to worry though . I bet she will get a chiefs job in a city who really wants her ... 👍🏻unfortunately the city council will bring in an Antifa supporter as COP 😳😨
Whay wee have to pay  tax anymore, when comunist take over Wa .I think  is worst then comunist. People
Good luck Seattle....if you were smart.....get the f**k out of there while you still can.  If they can’t keep an African American Female Chief....you are in BIG trouble.
This doesn't surprise me...she tried to work with that so called council  and Mayor. I was so proud that she stood up for herself and her fellow officers. People who have business or live there should just pick up and leave Seattle for the crime will go up..the violence  will go up and rioting and looting. Shame the people pay taxes and Big Business  and  have no say in thier safety!! Maybe the people need to get rid of the council  who lied in the beginning promising safer Seattle...shame on them...God Bless pun chier
Good for her! I hope she runs for office.
Cancel culture in action !!!
She likely resigned now to maximize her pension which is usually based on your salary. So, a smaller salary usually means a smaller pension.
Safe to say that crime is going to go way up in Seattle.
This woman was a caring, compassionate, and brave leader, and had to undergo pathetic and distasteful job duties with her hands behind her back to save her city, all because of miserable leadership from Mayor, City council and even the Govenor, then gets the final stab in the back by seeing her comrades defunded.
She seems a strong chief being ran off by socialist official. I hope she bounces into a new position in a non socialist city.
Sad
God bless you cief Best
Defund the council
I wish there were other solution to resolve the  current situation. She was amazing.
The reason she's quitting, is because her hands were tied by the weak major.
Defund Seattle City Council.
She made $285,000 as Police Chief and the paycut was 50%, so $142,500. Imagine if you received a 50% paycut with no warning or discussion. Of course you'd quit. Say goodbye to safety and hello to your new Drug Lord because that's who will be running that city soon if not already.
Seattle is the joke of the country followed closely by Portland..Those behind this keep up the good work!!
Oh no she didn’t. Got to blame it on her color. What a piece of crap.drain the swamp
Greenville, SC needs a chief and the police are respected and loved by the community!
She has the integrity to step out of the liberal cesspool that Seattle has become. A truly disgusting city council and mayor, people who have no idea how to run anything, voted into office by voters that are just plain stupid.
KING 5......This isnt a racist matter concerning the Police Chief....GEEZ
If Democrats get this election UNITED NATIONS will police the world...
Seattle is going to burn down to the ground all law enforcement should walk away we will welcome you here in Kentucky we support our blue bloods we got you six 💙
Run for mayor
This is one instance, that I honestly can’t blame this policewoman for quitting... God bless her and I hope her future is prosperous...
Bad leadership all around
King 5 towing the corporate line, playing the race card when talking about Best, as if her race had anything to do with these cuts. It doesn't, but the media and the police want to play the victim because they are corporate bootlickers.  And then you have a wacko right wing comment section who would rather see Seattle sunk into the ocean because they are nothing but Republican concern trolls.
Doesnt matter if the Chief was White...The City Council has their sick Agenda..Their goal has been to Defund Police..
Sad for Seattle.. wish you could be a police chief here in Wisconsin we would be proud of you..They want a strong black women for vice president that would be you....
Despicable what the Seattle council is doing here and to Chief Carmen. Utterly despicable. So this is a demonstration of how black lives matter? Utter BS and hypocrisy. Pseudo intellectual elitists trying to push their socialist agenda to turn Seattle into Caracas Venezuela.
This is a sad thing, but Ms Best's life and well being are also important. She has faithfully served her community.
Oh no!!!  This is tragic news for the city of Seattle.  Shame on the mayor, city council, and governor for siding with mob and riot mentality and pushing politics over public safety.
😂 Seattle police chief quits due to pay cut during BLM defund the police movement. Claims it's because she's a black woman. Next she'll join BLM with this level of intersectionality. Do we know if she's a lesbian? She could go right to management.
I guess her black life doesn’t matter to Black Lives Matter - ironic - that city is lost
City Council?  Cant fix Stupid!
Remember to watch KOMO's documentary "Seattle is Dying." Dare I say, Seattle is dead.
Democrat Platform & Goals: (Do you know?) *Citizenship for 20 to 50 million illegal aliens, DACA, TPS recipients and their families with a cost of billions. *Free Healthcare for Illegal aliens, DACA, TPS recipients (taxpayer funded with one estimate at 52 trillion) Joe Biden endorsed. *Massive tax increases.Biden has stated he will raise taxes to over 71 trillion. With his platform, he will have to. *Sanctuary Cities & States. Joe Biden supports sanctuary cities. *Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, Green new deal.(which would create massive unemployment, 100,000 jobs estimated in the transportation industry alone.) Biden supports. *Reparations for race’s harmed by Caucasians. Joe Biden committed to support Sheila Jackson Lee’s reparations bill in the House. Basically a tax will be levied on all Caucasians in America. (you can’t make this stuff up) *De-fund & terminate border patrol & ICE. * Climate Change: Biden climate change plan will cost trillions of tax dollars & jobs. * Biden will attack the Second Amendment (as it is now) Biden has stated Beto O'Rourke will be his gun Czar "Hell yeah I'm coming for your guns." *De-fund Police. Kamala Harris called it “re-imagine law enforcement” in the senate. Biden recently stated he was in favor, quote “redirecting law enforcement finds.” Biden will do what the far left wants. *Ending of all private / employer based health care. “Medicare for all”, Feds run everything. *Illegal Aliens eligible for welfare & food stamps. (Elizabeth Warren’s plan adopted) Endorsed by Biden. *Free college for all, including illegal aliens (taxpayer funded with estimates in the billions. Bernie Sanders plan adopted. *Decriminalization of illegal entry into our country. *Open Borders. *End all deportations of illegal aliens, if you get here, you stay. Bernie’s website calls it a “moratorium” on deportations. *Drivers Licenses for illegal aliens (already happening in states with Democrat leadership. Biden endorsed *Late term abortions up to 9 months. * Destruction and erasing our history.  Democrats want to make this election all about President Trump. NOT their platform & Goals for obvious reasons.
Hope all you seattleites stocked up on ammo.
The news media in Seattle needs to look at how they helped run this “woman of color” out of her job.
LOL A Mob of leftists, BLM & Antifa burn, loot, murder and they make the determination of where your tax dollars are spent, the size of your police department.  This is acceptable to the City Council, Inslee and Durkin.  VOTE REPUBLICAN!!!  How do you like Democrat Socialism so far? PORT, NY, CHI, ATL, WA, DC Minneapolis just to mention a few. All Democrat leadership did the same thing, allowing the rioters to destroy.  If Joe Biden is elected President America will be on fire.....only Biden won't send federal officers.  Democrat Mayors ordering police to stand down while the city is looted, burned. citizens beaten in the streets, monuments destroyed, police stations attacked taken over and allowed to be occupied. Antifa and BLM founder is a Marxist, (the media is hiding this fact) are the criminals behind this and the Democrat city and state leaders are complicit.  Biden stated he's going to “transform America” If you vote for Joe Biden it will be for a far left platform.. Joe will follow the radical left’s agenda or Joe won’t get the support (and he is) of Nancy Pelosi, Bernie Sanders, Karen Bass (Leader Congressional Black Caucus), llhan Omar, Kamala Harris, Elizabeth Warren, Val Demings, Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, Valerie Jarrett,. Rashida Talib, Stacy Abrams, Ayanna Pressley, Nancy Pelosi, Sheila Jackson Lee, Tom Perez, Maxine Waters, Pramila Jayapal.  This is the core of the socialists wing of the Democrat party and is firmly in charge, not old , confused Joe Biden. Biden will be a puppet to a liberal Vice President and those mentioned above.) Socialist llhan Omar stated recently, she will support Biden who has "one of the most progressive platforms in the history of the Democrat party." He does.
Good for her. She can go somewhere she is Appreciated!
Best time to resign?   Right before it gets much, much worse.....Smart women....Next!
You still vote for the Democratic Party, right? This country is over. There is no future.
Chief Carmen Best!  I think you have done an awesome job with your hands tied.  Shame on the Seattle City Council members for not supporting you as their Chief of Police.  The residents of Seattle need to vote every one of the council members out of office, including Jenny Durkan, M. Lorena González, Lisa Herbold, Debora Juarez, Andrew J. Lewis, Tammy J. Morales, Teresa Mosqueda, Alex Pedersen,  and especially--Kshama Sawant! You all are a disgrace to Seattle with your whining and socialist movement.  Why don't you all take a pay cut, say zero because you have done nothing but cause division and hatred between people, better yet, why doesn't the City of Seattle DEFUND the council members?
The problem with the left is that they don’t want to face reality. Police are necessary. The criminals are the problem, not the police. When PCness is valued more than actual policing, then this is what you get...
She risks her life for that city! SHAME ON SEATTLE
Who outside of a partisan mouthpiece would take that job now?!
Seattle, left wing Utopia.
Hope she sues
Who in the hell would want that job?
I hope she runs for mayor.  Wouldn't be surprised in a few years when this defund the police movement goes terribly wrong, she can turn the city around.
Seattle's loss.  She stood strong and they are losing a good person.  The mayor and city council are disgusting!!
Can anybody blame her. Moral has to be at an all time low! She can get another job somewhere where she is appreciated. Watch a lot of police officers  to follow. Residents of Seattle better arm themselves because the crime rate is going to skyrocket!😡😢
She should be joining the BLM protests as soon as she takes off her badge!
All L.E.O,s should get together and file class action law suites against these incompetent democrat polies, workplace harassment , endangerment etc......file civil suites against them ...do to them what they've done to you , wear them out
Way to go Seattle! LOL cutting the police force while at the same time shitting on your first black female police chief...you guys are really showing the rest of the country what an inept government looks like!
I don’t blame her and any other Officer who decides to leave. For people that live in Seattle and start seeing and increase in crime, complain to the city leaders.
and the mob gets what it wants
Jenny your a complete failure.
"Defund the Police - Vote Biden 2020 - Your New Future..is with the Democratic party" Seattle is getting exactly, what they voted for...
Good for her she will make a great Chief in another city. GO FUND THE POLICE! SUPPORT YOUR LOCAL POLICE DEPT>!
I don’t know how hard working people in Seattle stand for this. With the lack of police support by the local government and the mayor burning her city to the ground I’m surprised the local community isn’t out there helping to defend what’s left of their city. Is everyone in that state raised on soy? How do you live with yourselves? Grow a pair Seattle! You’re letting a bunch of clowns destroy your community...sad...pathetic...unAmerican!
Looks like a win for BLM to me. Which is a shame after we all know she was just following orders. She's a scapegoat.
I would have beeb in support until she played the poor me black card. I dont think any white person would have faired so well with all this riot protest business. So SHAME on her.
Oh no. 😔 She did an excellent job and she'll be missed !!
She should run for mayor!!!
But she did such a great job. Not!
QUESTION: Is there not a RECALL process in Washington where the voters can initiate to remove the mayor and city council?   I was in California in the 90's and they had a recall that succeeded removing an out of control politician.
Next spark for a civil war Portland will be next..Is it going to be safe to go watch. A game as a family in any of these cities
Seattle,  you brought this on yourselves by voting Demon Rat.  Good luck! Smh.....
Who in their right mind would take the job to replace her?
This is so wrong on all levels.  SPD does not need to change after all done for the DOJ consent decree.. City Council is so short sighted and wrong.
I think all of the law enforcement officera should quit.  After the way they were treated by the Seattle government & the violent citizens who could blame them ?
I’ve noticed that YouTube is running a couple of new advertisements. Well at least they’re  new to me. One talks about washing your balls with the proper soap. I’m trying to figure out what moron would buy this crap. If that isn’t bad enough the Democrats are now advertising begging for a few loose coins that you might throw their away. Chuck Schumer is one of them. I got to tell you guys if I see a Democrat politician on the side of the road and they’re on fire I wouldn’t waste piss to put them out. So hey Chucky boy that’s a no in case your to stupid to figured it out.
Get rid of the Mayor.
Leave it to the dumbasses of Seattle, what ya gonna do now, hire a touchy, feely, everyone gets a participation award psychiatrist, well come November 4th sleepy Joe Biden will be looking for a job, he would be great for all the troubled children, he could take them all on a trip to Epstein’s island, Seattle used to be a great city until you IDIOT DEMOCRATS crawled in and fucked it all up
Good job Democrat's more black Americans out of work!?
And that's 30 years down the toilet!
She should resign... let the socialist Waller in there own dung! The people that should be leaving Seattle remain in office. That is just wrong!
I am surprised that Carmen Best stuck it out for as long as she did, that shows her tenacity and love for that city. She and the 100 + people who are getting cut from that department will be sorely missed. Mayor Durka Durka Durken will reap her socialist rewards soon enough.
when the times get tough the women resign
Sad news indeed. She was the Best out there...
BLM supposedly chimed in saying her resignation was a loss. What a joke of a statement. The Seattle mayor supported BLM until they paid her a personal visit. What else what you do if your boss wanted you to not do your job?
Isn’t strange the left try to outcast 2 sane black law enforcement officers who happened to have conservative approaches weren’t afraid to actually enforce the law. Sheriff David Clark and chief Carmen?
These radicals will eventually come back and beg for the police when their soy ass is in a sling.  Hope the cannibals eat each other.  Unfortunately there are Innocents that will be hurt.
Don’t blame her one bit!!
The law of the jungle portland ,be careful what you wish for.
She is not doing her job anyways, what a shocker.
🤠💩💩💩💩💩💩💩🤠
I don't blame her.  No leadership from mayor and city counsel.
They say they were shocked! What does it take for them not to be shocked? City Council just said they were going to treat the police like clay pigeons and cut their pay. Who would not leave?
Another large step backwards for Black women....  And A giant leap forward for Crazy Progressive agendas. They'll be sorry someday 😔
Well when all of Seattle becomes CHAZ, all the high income taxpayers and businesses leave, and crime takes over and looks like an abandoned ghost town..you kinda know what happened.
Seattle is a ghost town and with less policemen it’s going to get worse.
I think this is good it will only add to the chaos in the city which will bring it down and  help eliminate the current leadership.
What a horrible city! Shame!
Can't blame her. She took an oath to serve and protect. But when you have City officials who prevent you from keeping that oath, sometimes they leave you no choice. I wish her the best of luck in her new journey. And I'm sure she'll do better and have less stress in her life.
So basically blm has pushed a strong black woman out of a government job!?!? How does that make sense? There is soooo much wrong here!!
The real issue, is that politicians should have zero control of the police department. But if you don't have a national police force funded out of national taxes, you get this sort of nonsense.  I am not American....how are police forces in America funded?
Seattle about to start looking like Detroit 😂
She's probably making a good choice for herself and family. Take care Chief Best.
I hope the entire force quits with her. It’s not about race, it’s about your communist city council. You reap what you sow. Enjoy the results.
Carmen Best please come to Texas, you and your officers will not be treated like trash from us!!!
Best will lead a happy life now.  Anything will be better than this job
Nahum 3.13-Look at your troops; they are all women.
A vagina and skin pigment does not mean you are qualified to run a police department.
Way to go liberals you ran a black female police chief out of town.  These people are extremist
I hope she gets her own lifetime movie ( starring Khandi Alexandra), and I hope the mayor and city council are portrayed as the villains!!!!
It appears that Chief Best is the ONLY person in the city administration with ethics and integrity. The official picture of Council member Lisa Herbold, looks like a cross between the infamous Trigglypuff  and the Canadian Known as Smugglypuff.
Just think how safe going to that city will be!!  Is it too late for the NHL to pull out of that cesspool??
@2:50 the pay cut / disrespect  is not racial  obviously the City Council thinks some are overpaid. VOTE THE SOCIALIST / COMMIES OUT
Liberals eating their own
I'm sure it has more to do with all the tools she should have to run a police department being taken away than race does
Yay for equality! Ya'll made a woman, a black woman....quit.
This is not about her being black. This is about cops being pushed out.
The Democrats used to be such a good party. Now they are just morons who don’t like law enforcement and drug rink security. Btw goerge Floyd was on meth. If you look at the leaked body cam footage he starts saying “I can’t breath” before the officer put his knee on his neck
I'm so sorry, Chief Best. You deserve better than this.
The people of Seattle got just what the voted for ... Well done ... :(
Can I blame her?  NO.
To have anyone say they are surprised with her resignation just shows how out of touch people are with the reality of life.
Recall the City Council and the Mayor....duh!
Hey king 5 news are you happy now !  Oh you sound so sad about it. Don’t you want to put your bias spin on this too ??
Now it's Mayor Durkan's turn to resign.
Seattle will be an amazing opportunity for the Trump Campaign to further solidify his re-election in November. Well done commies .
Hmmmm...🤔🤔🤔A leftist city council, is racist towards a Black Female Police Chief...shocker
Seattle is a shithole
Come as a Shock...? Of course not. Who could possibly deal with a Socialist Mayor and City Council that constantly "knee caps" your Police Department.  I am sure Seattle will now be hiring an ANTIFA Police Chief now.
Good for her!  She should have stopped taking their s a long time ago.
Thank you Chief Best for all your years of service. We commend you today for all you have done for the city of Seattle. It's time for you now to enjoy retirement with your family. I  pray peace and joy over your life that only God can give. You deserve this.  God bless you and your family.🙏❤🙏
Why does this surprise anyone? She isn't being allowed to protect her city, which is literally her job.  CHAZ was a summer of love until they showed up at the mayor's house. These people are showing up at her house threatening her and her family without support while the mayor is screams special protection because of a previous job and we talk about firing the council. Police stations are being bombed without full clearance to defend them.  Wouldn't you?
Should be replaced with a white dude , let’s see how that goes down , ?
The Manson families’ running Seattle now...lol
Kayleigh shows video of the violent and criminal behavior of the Marxist mobs rioting and looting in present day america and the reporters avoid the elephant in the room by asking irrelevant questions a clear sign of their leftwing anti american hypocrisy  and activism..the whitehouse should show these videos at ever briefing and trump needs to move in to these states with the military and put this national insurrection down immediately.     Now a message from the silent majority..because the leftwing anti american media wont address the elephant in the room, a word from the silent majority... attention blm antifa nfac feminists and sjw marxists know this..  the silent majority is watching and listening and you are digging your own graves... Enough is enough the left wing democrat socialist marxists anti constitutional anti freedom anti liberty anti american race baiting and pandering traitor leaders in Seattle Portland Chicago New York Detroit california and any others sympathetic to their cause need to be arrested for treason sedition and starting a national insurrection they need to be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law and have their property and moneys confiscated for civil liability to the businesses that have been looted and or destroyed as well as being held accountable for the murder and violence that has been allowed to increase under their watch, under their dereliction of duty.  And if civil war breaks out these same traitors in positions of authority should be tried as aiding and abedding the enemy of these United states and its citizens.  And finaly the leftwing news media should be held accountable for ensighting riots and violence   and have the platform returned to reporting absent the activism.    And now about my favorite issue the education system...the education system produced this generation of politically correct feminist marxists mindbots and spiritual zombies.. dissolve the education system and return to home schooling and or trade schools learn to be productive. As for the teachers and students that support blm antifa feminism and socialism send them to re education camps and strip them of their rights to vote having been found to be co conspirators in national treason.  As for feminism in particular... dissolve family court, if the father/husband is the bread winner he gets the kids, if the wife is unfaithful he gets the kids, if the wife is promiscuous she gets no visitation rights.. if the wife is the bread winner she gets the kids the father pays child support unless she let's a man move in with her or marries in which case the father doesn't have to pay child support.  And as for feminism with regard to abortion it is not the right of the woman to have an abortion without the consent of the father because it's her body.. it's his seed!  Furthermore abortion should be outlawed except in instances of rape or incest.    Now one last thing...to the lgbtq community keep your perversions in the closet where it belongs, no civil rights, sexual preference is not a matter of the state.. there are only two genders Male and female as for women born with a penis bare your cross gracefully and maybe sexual reassignment is lawful but only in this instance and still it's not your right to be recognized other than what's down there a penis is a man a vagina is a woman. To you gay zombies stay away from my children with your perversions sexual identity is the responsability of adults an issue for adults not children stop sexualizing children ya perverted latent pedophiles no sharing bathrooms no hormonal treatments no lgbtq perverted propaganda allowed around children again stay in the closet where you belong...take a lesson from sodom and gommora, the last stage of a nation that has declined into degenerates and on the verge of collapse is when said nation embraces shame and is a sinful perverted nation without shame.  All the afor mentioned interests that I have spoken against in this comment should be ashamed, very ashamed for your godless truthless loveless prideful blasphame... fear god and give glory to the creator of heaven and earth, repent, for the hour of the wrath of the lamb draws nigh.... American Mgtow red pill in your faces
Watch Seattle 15 years from now.
Blatant in  your face racism...........
The city council is racist and disrespected this proud black woman what a farce.
Seattle's Gov lives in a different dimension, a new reality, where law enforcement is not needed.  Ultimately, Seattle voters live there too.  Good luck.
Good cop Seattle is losing a good one. Now Seattle can have its Anarchist utopia.
She will take her warrior attitude and faithfully serve someplace else that appreciates professional policing and for more pay
This has NOTHING to do with race or sex!!!  Carmaen Best was the last man standing!
The Seattle City Council is out of control! Here’s what the protestors need to know. They think they will get away with this? Look on the DOJ website and they will see that protests that have been arrested for burning police cars, committing violence against police, vandalism etc. These criminals are going to prison and receiving sentences anywhere from 5-25 years!!!! The ages range from 22 years old to 35. Your going to lose your freedom and for WHAT???? People protecting criminals have no clue they are part of a pawn on the left of allowing anarchy so the political left will come in and TELL YOU what they “need” to do because they think you are too stupid to know the difference. You are unaware of this political shame! Think about the bone they throw you of a promise of 15 bucks an hour over 3-5 years which will certainly NEVER catch up with inflation! Nancy Pelosi is from a crime family, her dad was in the mob! True! Don’t buy the sweet talk of the left as your freedoms get stripped away from us. I am an independent voter but if you let Biden in, this whole system will further strip your rights from you. All of this is despicable!
The Seattle City Clowncil needs to board the circus train and get sent out of town.
Seattle "refugees"..flee to Canada...
I'am proud of you for staying so long and worked so hard.The city council and mayor should be brought up on charges for not protecting the people and there property.May the good Lord bless you and take care of you.The damage B L M created is animal like behavior.
Ms Carmen Best, I'm sure you didn't become the leader of the Seattle Police, because you are a weak woman. If I were you, I wouldn't resign, I'd just tell the people of Seattle, you are gonna "rain down hell, from above", & mean it. Send your troops out "en masse" & with lethal weapons, for their protection, then give them Rioters Hell. Catch as many as possible & give them a memory (a Record) they can't forget... If you get fired on, FIRE BACK...  But first things first, arrest Jerkin' Jenny  for derelict of Duty & throw the book at her....
Major mistake..The Mayor and council are to blame..
That's to bad. She was as good of a police chief as they come she actually cared about the safety of the people of Seattle,her police officers and the city itself. The political Democrats leadership there and in like many other places where the democrats are charge eventually become an armpit. It would serve them right if the rest of the police force  all resign and let the thugs and hoodlums run lose and keep abusing and destroying property. Its to Bad that the People of Seattle don't have the courage or backbone to stand up to their gutless politicians who are letting their great city go to crap. But then again they put them there. What ever comes their way one can only say. THEY DID IT TO THEMSELVES NOW THEY HAVE TO LIVE WITH IT..
City has just lost the biggest and truest leader.
Why not keep the officers but get rid of the military gear and vehicles? That’s what defunding really means.
Seattle is racist. Mayor of Seattle is racist. Seattle city council is racist.
they're gonna put a hard line white supremacist chief in there and bring a bunch of larry brothertons to smash on blacks.
I think instead of stepping down she should've arrested the Governor and Mayor for treason.
Love to her for finally figuring out she has been a pawn this whole time. She learned the hard way.
This is what can happen when law enforcement are not allowed to enforce the law!
This is what happens when the people in charge of cities do not support their officers of the law.   This city has gone from beautiful to a complete disaster.   I wouldn't blame all law abiding citizens who live there if they all just up and left.    They really need to rise up and have the mayor recalled but that takes time they may not have.
4 million cut from the budget and firing 100 officers. Way to go Seattle!!! That'll make the city so much safer. /s
Why is he talking about reform they dont want reform one of the departments that was cut was Training that is the opposite of reform
Can't blame her she's the only one who has any integrity in that mess. So long Seattle you shithole.
Wow
It's funny the Dem's all cry " DeFund the Police" until the MOB that the Dem's have created show up on their doorstep...
Anybody who supports Seattle in the decision to de fund police should be exiled from this country, i'm sick of the liberal (socialist) agenda, if you endear socialist ideology so much, LEAVE THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, YOU ARE NOT WELCOME HERE...! If you think that's extreme, GOOD...you are extreme...move to China where you belong, you are amongst an overwhelming minority and average Americans do not support your communist aspirations. I live in Wa. State and am boycotting the disgusting city of Seattle, I will not spend another dime to bolster that local economy, and if by chance I must travel into that city, you can be assured I will be armed. I would absolutely love to see major companies such as Amazon, Microsoft and Boeing pack up and leave Wa. State, what a PATHETIC circumstance when mob mentality manages to cause government to capitulate to it's demands. Liberalism is a disease with it's LGBTQ, rainbow flag wielding, pro abortion, anti gun, anti capitalism agenda, nothing but a bunch of selfish entitlement minded, mislead youth who spend way too much time playing video games and watching porn, they shouldn't even be allowed to vote without first passing an aptitude test that would clearly render them disqualified.
What a disaster. God bless her. What else could she do?
Who would want the job of Seattle Police Chief now?
good get rid of all the corrupt cops
Sad. . soon we will have to take on antifa n blm ourselves
You are to be commended for standing on the side of right. The city council chose not to protect you. I praise you for your decision.
You media maggots are all about race. Everything is race this and race that. Pathetic.
An honorable American forced to resign for trying to protect her city. This is why I am literally starting to truly hate all democrats.
I am so sorry Chief Best.....You have been "serving" a small band of stupid bastards....I wish you the best Chief Best....God please open some eyes....but I afraid they are being for closed for some better purpose, perhaps....
This is GREAT news, now we can finally get down to business and defund the SPD, fire and EMS services!!!
Good For HER !!!!  She will get scooped up quickly by a city that wants RESULTS !!
Now perhaps Best will go public with what was really going on!
BWAHAHAHAHAHA! i guess black lives don't really matter to the white racist liberals
The final straw was probably the 200 person mob outside her house 🤔 not the money
The last one in Seattle turn out the lights when you leave
People of Seattle , You Voted in these incompetent so called leaders now its come to bite you, These bureaucrats have zero American values.
Seattle is screwed
HOW CAN ANY REASONABLE PERSON DEFUND THE POLICE? THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY USES NOO STATICS AND ITS RUINING THIS COUNTRY. KISS SEATTLE GOODBYE
Why?
Another city will be happy to get a new police chief
Another race card employee
It's a shame. Chief Best is a great police officer. Too bad she was hired by Durkan and the City purely on her gender and race and not her Ability... They were so keen to find a black female they neglected to look at her for what she is, a true police officer. She turned out not to be a lick boot or fit the agenda, she did her job. Hope  she finds work in another city that actually appreciates her
Fugly
There are smaller communities in Northern California that would welcome you Carmen Best.
This is why they will win in  the end people just wont stand and fight for nothing anymore.  This is why I like Trump he dont seem to back down from a good fight.
Hey America is this what you want to see as our tomorrow.i don't.nice job Dems hope your proud
I like how the protest theme was "the summer of love" until they showed up on the Mayor's lawn.
I admire her for standing up to the piece of crap mayor and the chicken s—t city council! Yes she cares for her community, she would never had chosen her Career otherwise. She needs to run for Mayor and then clean up her City! She has my vote!
I wonder how many undecided people will turn to vote for Trump after the BLM movement
I have live in the central district of Seattle for almost two years! I don't know how many times I've called on the 13th precinct that is supposed to serve and protect me and my family from criminals, and they never respond! I've had a home invasion, SPD let guy go. No fingerprints, no identity on the invader! Just my young children and myself scared and on our own. Best is a coward that doesn't even live in Seattle! She resigns once her check gets cut? Stand up women of all colors, make your voice be heard! Don't let greed take over, we are all in this together! Much love...
I wouldn’t want to live in these areas for nothing. They need to change government. They are losing good people.
I personally can't sympathize with her, she didn't stand with the men and women of her city when they were getting fired. Not saying that it doesn't suck loosing police. Just stupid she only has the guts to say something AFTER they pull the trigger, this was the plan the whole time could she not see it?
I feel really terrible about Chief Best! God bless her in her future! 🙏💔
All the states are pushing to rid of the black police leaders will solve this watch keep playing this game watch what happens next🙌🏼💯
SHE WAS USELESS ANYWAYS .... BUT WHO KNOWS WHAT SUPPORT CHIEF CARMEN  GOT FROM THE LIEBERAL POLITICIANS ...NONE
VOTE TRUMP 2020! 🇺🇸 These liberal idiots let this happens. A LOT of Democrats are flipping sides to the Republican side because their party has been hijacked and they want police. Fund the police not defund. Vote Red this November! Let’s make sure we don’t let them have this country. They will destroy it. This is just the beginning
Good for her!!  Would you stay at your job if they took away all the money, no you wouldn't, so why should she?  Seattle, WTF are you doing???   well your a lost city now, no one will come to your city, you will lose millions of dollars...   good luck with all that   See Ya Seattle, was nice knowing you.  you were a good little tiny city while you lasted.   hahaha.  Chef Carmen please come down to the SF Bay Area, we need good people like you!!!   in fact we probably already made you an offer!
good for her...she will get picked up by a decent city as their Chief...Seattle will continue in decline
This is not democracy. Most of Seattle does not support doing this. They know that if it was a vote it would fail, because defunding the police like this is not a mainstream democratic position. I wish her the best as it sounds like she REALLY got screwed over here.
the mayor should resign....
She is as fed up as we are!
It's sad that the police are loosing so many good people.
Seattle citizens RESIDENTS deserve to be called out, they voted this idea in long ago.  Now, unfortunately we who don’t live in Seattle are forced to see Seattle residents in their dirty underwear.  What a dirty city.
I wonder if she will continue to vote Democrat
Sold out by her own
Disclaimer, I don’t live in Seattle but you all vote for these politicians... my question is WHY?!?
The liberals championed her and then, they destroyed her.
mayors should not control the police.
Her leaders served to undercut her ability to do her job.  They handcuffed the police and moved to reduce the police force amidst rampant crime and riots.  I feel so bad for this strong woman who only wanted to serve her community and do her job to keep people safe, only to have her civilian government leaders abdicate their responsibilities to the public.
Resigning before wage rates used for pensions come down. It would be wise for other officers to do the same.
Great job Seattle! Your Governor releases dangerous criminals back on the streets and your Socialist City Counsel runs off the police! How do you people sleep at night? I am betting NOT VERY WELL! Good Luck!
IN any other city she would have done well. I hope she finds a job in a better place
So sad!
The last remaining voice of reason in Seattle exits stage left.  Don't blame her one bit.  I'm really surprised she lasted this long.  She was a good police chief.
Seattle city council...you claim trump is a dictator...look in the mirror!
So now no chief of police, Seattle your screwed to Antifa nd BLM God have mercy on your souls.
They have asked the Chief Carmen to go into a boxing ring with her hands tied behind her back.
WE WILL VOTE THESE Mongrels of council members out of office!!!! The heinous acts to destroy Seattle is unbelievable!!!! Business’s are moving out and leaving Seattle!  In the next few months we will see more big companies leave and the mob like ANTIFA and PNW youth Liberation Front and BLM along with homeless camps will be taking over Seattle!  I’m planning to move, I have already taken my business out of Seattle and am encouraging other businesses to do the same!
It's sad how the BLM is affecting there own lives in which they say they stand for.we need to put a end to the movement and understand " All Lives Matter" I love all people but segregation and separation with people following people influenced groups walking the streets with machine guns is positive.people will always hate people and sin will always be here in the world until Heaven is on earth.when God comes "All "will see "none" of this will "MATTER"
I feel very sorry for the nice Lady - Chief of Seattle Police. If I were in her shoes - I'd do the same. The system failed her and the entire Police force. Cannot wait when "peaceful protesters" will show up at mayor's house and she will chase them away with a broom. Human idiocy has no limits.
Can't say I'm surprised. Her reservations about the decisions that were made in recent times were palpable. Seattle is a hellhole. I feel sorry for any citizens there who don't support the Marxist or socialist doctrine. There has been some speculation about a citizen flight from Democratic-led cities. I just hope those people don't bring their crazy allegiance to the Democratic party to their new homes...
Can anyone blame her for leaving the major and her thugs is going to bring Seattle to Bagdad standards or living. I suspect that 30+% of people living on the same realm will leave that god aweful city for citiea that actually care about people instead of using ghem to futher your political career and pockets. Durkins should be in prison along with all those thugs that destroyed the citie.
She should run for Mayor!
All of the disruption and mess the Democrats have brought to this country has go to ruin their chances in November. Unless they steal the election blind. All because Trump won in 2016. Boohoo liberals. Grow up and get over yourselves.
What happen in Seattle and Portland only hurt Biden's chance  to get elected.
This is a sad day for Seattle, not only loosing a good leader but now choosing to make it a dangerous and unsafe city. My family and I will be avoiding Seattle and not traveling there until they refund their police to make it safe again.
Way to go Seattle. Fast forward to new communist distopia
Right now CORRUPTION reigns how sad for America our only hope is to vote for Trump who is strong enough to stand up against all of this.
I don't blame her. She is a smart lady. All the police officers should throw their badges on the desk and walk out, too. They get no respect, they can't do their jobs, and it has become too dangerous. I'm with Carmen. She's too good to have been treated that way. Seattle does not deserve her, or any other good officer to work for them. It's a madhouse, now.
I hear there is a TERRIBLE case of the BLUE FLU going around in Seattle.  This flu is highly contagious, and it is recommend EVERY POLICE call  in sick over the next 2 weeks.
BLM destroys a black women's career. Go figure. She should have arrested the mayor before resigning. She needs to stop voting for democrats. A hard way to learn a lesson.
Is she running for Mayor?  I'd vote for her.
Vote red across the board
the Police Chief gets pay cuts, while our Congress keeps taking our money and giving themselves raises.
TRUMP 2020
Maybe next, we will ban laws. Ultimately, laws are the reason for all the unrest. Arrest.?
She will  Complain about everything and do nothing Because she's the not the one at the riots getting injured she only truly cares when it affects her personally meaning her paycheck!! she's a politician with a gun and a badge. I think all command staff should have their pay cut accross the nation. Same with beaurocrats and politicians
Its the Mayor who should be resigning. BLM just claimed another Black life attack
Restructuring the police does not mean cutting the chief's salary. What is your plan now geniuses? You will not be able to replace her with that low ball salary... Hiring someone else at a higher salary will make you look even worst. Best just bested you.
What do you expect from a city council that is anti police, antiamerican assholes. The entire police force should resign and leave the city to their own devices. I'll bet the entire city council and mayor will be removed shortly thereafter.
I am sorry for her to be forced to resign, however, God may have bigger and better things for her to do!!!!
The city council should be given a 40% pay cut, yet you know that will never happen.
Dems getting rid of their own, because she doesn't go with the narrative
How foolish this has become!
As an Australian in have to say what is going on in America at the moment is an absolute and utter disgrace to law and order and to humanity as a whole. Violence such as what is going on is self propagating and decisions such as defunding the police only furthers it. This is not the answer.
I ENCOURAGE ALL POLICE OFFICERS FROM STATES AND CITIES RUN BY DEMOCRATS TO RESIGN! People who voted for Democrats need to get what they deserve! 👍🏻
That sucks
Well needed for this... why does she and the mayor both look like men...mmmmm
Racist Seattle city council, shame on you! This is true racism at it finest!!!!
And Seattle continues to slide into the depths of disgrace, durken wants to ruin the city
Defund Seattle
Prayers for Seattle.  Much harm can come to a community that has no jurisdiction, except anarchy.  Such a sad state of affairs.  I have children who live there, and hope they will be safe with so much injustice and wild riots that hurt businesses and consumers.
The city council has an agenda that is NOT for the GOOD of the people of the city.
You reap what you sow, Seattle. And Chief, you had my sympathy until you bought into the sexist race baiting. You can go f yourself, too.
This is very very very sad news.  The city council is destroying what is left of the city.
BLM is a marxist organization using the black people to further their communist agenda.
It is a huge disappointment that the idiot higher ups could not have this great police chief’s back. I can understand why she felt she had to leave, but really wish she would stay and continue to fight and make truthful waves for those who supposedly think they know what’s best for the communitys. I have mad respect for her and wish her well and I’m sure she will find another outlet to help the citizens there. I hope she runs for either council , mayor or governor. She would have my support!!
You would have to be a fool to apply for this job . You will always be a scapegoat for the idiots on the City Council.
Have to layoff a lot officers ! It was a wise decision a great leader ! Congratulations your a wise woman !!  Thank you !
So... black lives matter? What about jobs? How about success and merit?  A successful woman voicing her opinion and opposition are not acceptable because they don't fit the democrats/blm/antifa narrative?  Please tell us who the real racists are... because it seems like they are running and ruining Seattle. While the women "of color" charged with defending the city has been undermined at every turn.  But got to love that Orwellian rebranding and hijacking of blm.
I’m sure she’ll be getting lots of offers. I wish her the best and thank you for her service. Very classy women.
The toxic Seattle City council needs to resign next.
Minneapolis is a disgusting mess! Politicians are committing treason and should be removed immediately!
The mayor and the city council should be the ones taking a pay cut or force out ! They have proven they are incompetent if not criminal in their actions.
The Seattle city council are shitlibs.  Lower than a snakes arsehole.
Seattle has had one COP each year I’ve been here.  29.  Gee I wonder if something wrong w Seattle?  Seattle SUCKS!!
This poor woman has had a look of pure defeat and devastation on her face for two months straight. You can’t help a city that doesn’t want to help themselves.
The question is who will be dumb enough to take the job? If they find someone I bet there will have to be a lot of concessions made.
She is still saying that she is a victim of racism from the city council. No, no, no!  She is a victim of stupidity, corruption and the 'black outrage du jour'.
If I was a police Officer there I would RESIGN too.
Her sex and color are very inconvenient
How is it a shock? Who would keep working for an employer that is actively working against ya
Good, n arrest all the protest looters n send them to a national park with hard labor, food n housing.
The mayor and governor should take pay cuts....smh ....what a disaster...what a pitful action for a city and state to take...thoee in power ought to be removed from office....
What the h#!! Is wrong with those DemoRats. This is sad news and a massive loss for the police department. As much as I followed the Seattle disaster I thought Best was doing an awesome job under the horrible circumstances created by the mayor and the idiots on the city council. I wish her well.
I'm impressed at how long she battled through this hate and attacks on her officers. She seems like an awesome person. I believe she can resign with her head up high. SHAME ON THE CITY COUNCIL.
If BLM want to defund police, then have them designate areas where everyone inside don't want police. The police can then leave these areas to their own devices. You think the cops want to go in neighborhoods where they are not supported? See how long before they ask for the cops to come back.
If you live in Seattle you might want to consider getting out now.
So Seattle WANTS to be a third world city.  Nice going.  Get rid of ALL common sense, good people and that is what you will have.
Why she is stepping down?   You mean it isn't obvious?   She is a police officer and is not allowed to do her job and now they are lowering her paycheck.  What a slap in the face.
It's amazing a successful black women has to resign because of BLM. Wow, and to think people still believe that BLM has ANYTHING to do with helping Black Lives. BLM is a Marxist, Communist organization and needs to be dealt with as such!
The mayor salary need to be taken away for negligent and not doing his job give that to the police department why don't you put her in office I bet you'll stop some of this b*******
she is a victim of her own ideology.  I hope everyone who voted for the Seattle city council stays in Seattle and reaps what they sowed.  I hope Mrs Best finds a better location to continue her career.
We saw this coming all summer. Jenny Durkan is doing her very best to destroy Seattle. It’s got to be tough to work for such a spineless mayor.
The only voice for the Seattle police has been silenced by the left.
I hope she gets a job where she is appreciated. Unlike Seattle, there are places in America that don't care what race or gender a person happens to be. A good cop is always welcome in any conservative town.
Stay out of the cities.
The wrong police fall...who needs to be forced out are police who use their position yo carry put a racist political agenda. Those poluce who kill Blacks and innocent people because of this Political Agenda of Race Hate and the disparaging of Humanity for the Trump Russia Society of Supremely Stupid Idiots...wake up America we won't be offered a make up exam when failing the test of DEMOCRACY
They should arrest the mayor and put him in jail
For crying out loud! Somebody kick in the doors of City Hall and defund those useless pieces of crap aka the city council and the mayor. Yes, I know titles should be capitalized but neither of them deserve a capital letter. This is war!
Love the Chief!!
Cut & run girl before the commies get ya!
Because she’s been a cop most of  her adult life her decisions represent the police union not the needs of the Seattle’s public, and the color of her skin is immaterial. City council is doing their job, which is to represent the needs of Seattle. And if down the road their decision crumbles the public can voice their demand for new decisions.
If she's not arresting rioters and looters and such then she should hang her head in shame and tuck tail and run.... All mayors and chiefs that allow this stupidity nationwide should be drawn and quartered.... Go back to the old ways and just put them down like rabid dogs they are.   Protest is guaranteed by law but ANY violence or looting or destruction turns it to illegal rioting..
Let Seattle burn and the liberal leftist that run it. Used to be a beautiful city but it is nothing but anarchy and liberal policies now. Glad I do not live close anymore.
Dont let the door hit you in the butt!!!!!!!
When the Council decided to cut her pay, she decided to quit. I DON"T BLAME HER.
I guess not all black lives matter.
Normal people will not live in the Chicago never hire teenagers only people are 40s and 50s because they’ll be more conservative
A sincere Travesty what happened to the Chief; a pay cut is assuredly Asinine!!! Better cut the mayor's salary by 60% and see how the mayor likes it!!! 💯💯💯
Good for her take her retirment to Florida.if there own people dont care why should she.good for her.let the counsel and the mayor answer the call for police service.
The mayor and governor should resign not her. She followed orders. But as any other Demorat they blame somebody else. Shameful.  Mayor and governor should be put on trail.
Stupid world.
It's good she resigned from SPD.  Hopefully, she will come to commie Cali and run for governor and clean out Sacramento.
Her wages get cut and she's out the door. She only makes around 285,000. a year. It's all about the money.
What normal Video is going to ever go over his places like Chicago all these places I get businesses there you’re gonna leave the people gonna leave the normal people
They eat their own. Vote democrat.
Seattle, Portland and other Democrat cities are choosing their future.  It's bleak and lawless.  Based on what Democrats are doing to their cities and absolute silence about the riots by party leadership, I will have to vote for the Trump party (notice I didn't say Republican party).
I don’t think her race matters. The mayor and city council have No INTEGRITY or respect for their community based on their actions.
Whats the use of her staying, giving her blood sweat and tears, and she is not getting any back up, they just literally slapped her in the face, Seattle is totally going down the tubes, she cared and tried her best to make her community a good place to live. Now its not ever going to be the same. They lost a quality of living standards that was up held by the ones who kept things in order by the presence of legal authorities. Quality of life is not going to be the same, anyone that has a decent bone in their body will move far away from there. Leaving Seattle less than desirable place to live,  perhaps the homeless occupants can campout in the mayors front lawn and neighborhood. As a reminder of her defending the police. Then who will she call when her house gets looted ? And she gets slapped around cause people are in her house helping themselves to what ever.
Good! The rest of the police need to leave and find a city that back their police. Let it burn!!!!  BLM is an admittedly Marxist group. They hate Americans!!!! She doesn’t want to work for their communist city leaders.
Socialist idiots. Let the city rot
It's not a shock. It's sad I liked her. She wanted to do her job. Politicians in seattle really did the people a great disservice here.
Well if the pp
She shouldnt have been police chief in 1st place good riddance
I hope she's doing it just to stand up for fellow law enforcement. It would be moronic if they're giving a woman of color the boot because they find her unsympathetic to the current issues between LE and the community they police
When the going gets tough, the tough, RUN LIKE HELL!!!
Seattle police should go on strike
In my native culture there is a saying “ each birds dyes ASAP opens its mouth and sings its own language”.  Here we have it all. Seatle shows a 30 y worker a major middle finger.  All lives matter no matter who is the one in discussion.
TERRIBLE!!!  Carmen Best was the BEST of Seattle's Government!!!  Get rid of the IDIOT Jenny Durkan and the City Council!!!
Carmen don't resign get out there and beat some ass
The police chief the mayor and the governor all should step down...
Beyond disgusted with every situation being about race? King 5 is absolutely contributing to the fomenting of racial divide via this so called "news" piece.
what is happening to our heroes????????
Destroy ANTIFA
Now she can stop straddling the fence sucking up to the Mayor and BLM.
This is sad news for Seattle.  I think her leadership in recent weeks was underrated and the city had someone they could rely on for reasonable input.  The City Counsel should have included her in the decision making process.  I hope she knows that we're hiring in Sitka, Alaska.  we can always use another good officer!
Good job Seattle city council "MORONS"! You just guaranteed that crime will get even worse in what was once a wonderfull city and also pushed out one of the greatest police chiefs your city has ever had! ALL AGAINST THE WISHES OF THE TAX PAYING CITIZENS THAT YOU WORK FOR! I hope EVERY one of you lying backstabbers gets voted out on your asses!
All the police should walk and let Portland burn to the ground.The voters want a liberal mayor and Governor,let them all wallow in the misery they keep voting in.Feel nothing for them.deserve what you vote in.just stay there a.
the actions of the police under her where often illegal and violated the court restraining order regarding crowd control. Either couldn't or wouldn't keep her cops in line and was completely tone death with the protesters. not going to miss her.
She abandoned the citizens to the hands of a mob because she obeyed stupid people.  Put someone with some balls in leadership.
Seattle's huge loss.  Reduce the Mayor's pay and the council's pay.
Defund police! What a joke. Dems and supporters go Seattle and New York.
I hope the good people of Seattle will show for the next election day and stand up for what's right. This is not a good direction you going. Gangs and cartels are licking their chops waiting to run wild in your city. So sad, a great city once home to the worlds fair sliding into the depths of hell.
The best way to keep racism alive is to keep talking about it.
The mayor and the city council just made the biggest mistake of all letting her go! Smh
Police Chief Best, has nothing to worry about she has served to the Seattle Area, to the Almost of her Ability, look back on how Chief Best, has grown through the ranks, it’s a Shame, when it comes to Skin Color, and being a “Female,” that’s “Really Sad,” Chief Best, remember “All of your “Accomplishments,” “through out the Years.” “You Have Truly WON the Battle.”  “GOD’S Blessings to You.”
Good, I hope she goes somewhere that appreciates the police.
To chief Carmen Best my heart and prayers go out to you my dear. You are a great, caring woman that loves her city, it's people and your fellow officers. Hold your head up high you did your best. We all know your hands were tied, by an inept, incompetent mayor, and city administration. My best wishes for you, may God bless and protect you in all your future endeavors.
Democrats at work?  I can not believe that they all TRY to play the RACE CARD all of them are obsessed Racism  mania.  Seattle has been and is a leftist haven on the cutting edge of Neo- Modern INSANITY YEA SEATTLE.  Great Job
Get a new city council Seattle
All these looters and lawless , ungodly, unrightous, unholy, Antichrist, anti god, are exactly what the Lord said would happen before His return, these are signs; what did He say when we see these, shout Hallelujah, for time is short, and all will be made right and these reprobates will be cast down to hell, along with others in our government.
Both Best and Durkan weren't tough enough to handle current events. Defunding the police is going to backfire and it's going to hurt vulnerable people more than the police themselves. Horrible leadership. King 5 is making this about sexism and being black. This is just the failure to step up and protect citizens.
Hopefully Mayor Durkin will follow her out the door! The City Government needs to be fired and rebuilt from the ground up.
She deserves better.  That's the Democ-rats for you !
The people of these cities all deserve what they are going to get. You vote marxist you get oppressed and killed. Lol. I can’t wait to watch the show.
The drivers  that deliver food to Seattle will not be showing up if police are cut.  No police no food.
GOOD RIDDANCE!  Hopefully the rest of the police department will follow her good example and RESIGN IMMEDIATELY!
Carmen is and was WAY to weak as a leader. Billionaire controlled media puppet reporters only give Propaganda.
Another caring officer lost because of the Democrats
Seattle is GIVING Trump another term.
The Democrats are the party of disgust, vote Dem and watch your cities burn.
About time someone takes action for their failure. A total restructuring is going to help, under every failed business there's great employees being held back by failing leadership!
" I specifically asked her if she thought that she would be treated differently by the Seattle City council if she were a white male police chief? "  Seattle being a very liberal city. Thank you for showing that the liberals are the bigots.
Socialists only care about the money. Get rid of the police bring in the military. Cost half as much. They get to keep the cash
Horrible city council, mayor and governor partisan leadership.
Hope they vote everyone out!
Remind me to never go or spend money in Seattle again. Stupid thought thinking defunding is what is needed. Retraining maybe. Crime isn't going to stop. Just get worse
We can agree this will be great loss to Seattle. I hope all police resign and leave the liberal leadership to their own demise. Seattle and Chicago are a total failures and embarrassing to the rest of us that live in states that enjoy real leadership and order. We will never win in a November with this mess on our heels. People WILL vote Trump
Seattle has just gone full STUPID.
This police chief should have come out LONG ago and denounced the Seattle city leadership for the rotten immoral imbeciles that they are. Only now that she's getting a pay cut, does she speak out?  She, and ALL her senior police leadership should have resigned in protest to spotlight the mayor's and city council's immoral incompetence. I don't feel sorry for her at all. Just another example of the far left Democrats turning on each other to see who can be most "woke."
That’s the best news I hear all week.  Walmart is hiring.
Sue the city council. Then arrest them.
How about that she's can retire.... how about the other officers they probably would like to retire also what a hell hole .... Those people elected the idiots in office... if you voted Democrat stay there and live in your hell hole all others may leave..
She'll find a great job in a city that will appreciate her. Good for that she escaping the madness that is currently Seattle.
Joyce you bring everything to f****** race you're worse than anybody
Shocked? Are you kidding? Defunding the PD and a pay cut on top of the complete BALLESS “leadership” of this mayor and council? Not shocking at all.  What’s shocking is that you people have cops willing to work for your pathetic thankless city at all.
It's all crap. The whole thing is bovine scat. Best is stepping  down, because her performance, was less than desirable!
K5 news sucks stupid dem
It’s always gonna be about Race until it’s not
The chief was the only sane person in Seattle goverment! Now the lunatics have total control!
If it wasn't for pensions and service years, there'd be no LEOs in SPD.  Smart cities who want experienced LEOs should consider offering "pension equity", for LEOs who join their police department, provide the ability to "earn back" their pension amounts from the cities they leave like Seattle. You'd see a mass exodus of LEOs from these cesspool cities.
Such BS. If the Chief had been a white male, he would have been fired long ago.
I am not going to hit like on this video. We have all seen Carmen Best Do outstanding work in the city of Seattle and what she was up against with the ludicrous Mayor Jenny Durkan who is anti-cop and Pro-anarchy "the summer of love" as we  all recall her calling it. Business and residents owners are leaving and now demands a defund the police.  Me personally I wish Carmen Best could stay in office, but at the same time I do not blame her for all the stress the Mayor has put her through.  I think Seattle needs to rise petition polls and Get Jenny Durkan removed from office and Keep Carmen Best at her position.
At least the city council will be protected by their personal security details SO THERE'S THAT 🙄
This is a tragedy for the black race in America. You have some of the highest ranking personnel in force who are blacks and these radical leftist democrats in USA don't get it..
Fools in Seattle!!!
Liberals will turn on their own and stab them in the back. They did in in Minnesota to Garrison Keilor and many others. They are loyal to nothing, they're just against everything. They had a motto in the 60's. "If it feels good, do it"
I think these stinking politicians should not have any security at all. Walk the talk.
Very sad. Good people are living.
I have been a registered Democrat for most of my life. I voted for Obama the first time, I bought into the whole " change thing ". The democratic party has been on a steady downward decline ever since. The Democrats not only have lost their direction, THEY HAVE LOST THEIR MINDS with their far left extremist views and their socialist ideologies. I am now and forevermore will be a proud REPUBLICAN.
Big mistake on the part of Seattle's groveling, clueless admin.  She would be welcome at any normal city in the US - of which there are fewer and fewer.
A black female Chief of Police in a major city resigns because of the actions of a Democratic Mayor and the City Council.  What a shame.
I think Carmen is great and would love to have her as a neighbor and police chief if we needed one. We do have a great police force in Olathe, Kansas and chief. Best of luck to her. I hope she leaves and finds a much better place to serve if she chooses to continue.
Portland will become yet another s*it hole. Way to go you must be so proud progressives are so smart good job.
Let mayor resign next.
BEST FOR MAYOR!!!
Of course she thinks it’s because she’s black🤦🏻‍♂️
Seattle will soon become like Detroit, destroyed, because everything that Democrats touch is destroyed.
woman cries about being in a male dominated occupation says racism is  mistreatment but the question remains how many times did she personally chase down and arrest perpetrators? Not only an Affirmative actions hire but a gender equality hire please resignation had nothing to do with racism.
Let Seattle burn. Let the Democrats burn their city down. It’s their problem, let them dig their own grave.
She is not the one who need to resign...
It's not about race she is the escape goat for the Mayors failure to do her job. I bet the Mayor or the city council didnt take a pay cut!!!  I bet they took the police chiefs money an gave them selves a nice fat raise!!!!! Bunch of worthless bastard's.
Get them to quit ,then insert there own commie.Crazy no one sees it.
watch out you might get what you want.  NO POLICE =MORE CRIME
Bye
Captain Best should get help From Public
EVERY Seattle cop should quit. Walk out. Give the city council what they deserve. Give the VOTERS of Seattle, what they deserve. Shame on the people of Seattle, who have not tarred and feathered the mayor and city council, and run each and every one of those politicians out of town on a rail.
Good for her !!!
The mayor, the police, and the rioters are  all a disgrace.
So long, sucka!
One more strand of society's fabric snapped.  2020 is going just as planned.  They have a great military. But the citizens are weak minded sheep.  This is how you destroy a country.  Let them do it to themselves. Just sit back and watch. Wait for election day !
I think the city council needs to be impeached
Let's face it..she is being push out..now..put a guy that have an iron fist..👍
Will the last person leaving Seattle - please turn out the lights.
Good for her ! There is a right and wrong ..and she saw the wrong in this DemoRat liberal mayor ! Let Seattle BURN
The police chief should run for mayor
It's fun to stay at the YMCA!
Unfortunately most Democrats in Seattle don’t even know what they are voting for. They are a bunch of sheep who believe what they are told by the lying media  which includes KING5.  King5 consistently leaves out facts to skew the “news” to fit their narrative. They are a joke.
Obviously got where she was at with a whole deck of  black cards.
Because Covid Lies Matter.
Hey lefties, look what you did.... good work. YOU are destroying these all ready horrible democratically ran sh1tholes even more. Keep it up and we’ll end up like Venezuela you morons. EVERYBODY VOTE RED!!! VOTE THESE DEMOCRATS OUT!!!
A principled woman regardless of her race. She can walk away head held high. Good luck to her in  she does in the future.
I highly doubt the mayor or council would have treated Best this way if she was white. SPD needs to catch blue flu.
Third World $hit Hole City
If it had been a heterosexual white man he would be probably dead in Seattle!
All government executives salaries need to be cut plus CEOs making $42 Million annually while workers get paid $40k
Profiles. Courage Stand up to the City Leadership who are pawns of the Mob.
All Seattle police should stand down and support their chief. Council is a disgrace and ur putting people's lives at risk. Look what happened in Chaz that only last a short period. That's going to be everyday from now on
Quitter, coward.
Police Chief Carmen Best’s annual salary is roughly $285,000! Plus other top cops earning as much. These are the funds being cut by 6% or  More!
She’s starting her own vigilante force.
What ever happen to the Best qualified person gets the job......
How sad Seattle lost a good law enforcement officer who was so devoted.  Carmen Best keep moving forward find a department that appreciates you and a city mayor with council members as well.   Seattle Mayor with council members can defend the city without you and will learn the hard way.   They will go down with the ship and will sink.   Lady you have my prayers and God will never let you sink
One of the first things communists do. Establish political control of the police.  Good for her for resigning. I hope many of her colleagues follow. I hope she gets a decent position elsewhere.
"6 figure paycut" wow
Welll thats a start - BLAH BLAH BLAH  doesn't get the Job Done - it only gets Dems elected
She has intellectual honesty i respect her resignation Seattle cut her salary is unreasonable : Antifa rules Seattle :
Keep in mind trucking companies aren’t delivering to cities that defund the police   Me: checks supply of popcorn
Was she a good leader? If so, it is not a good thing. The line is disintegrating between law and order and those who would riot. I would ask that she not throw race into the bs going on with her.
Mayor and City Council sacrificed an entire city to Antifa and BLM. Democrat leadership.
Thank's Mr.Trump , in 8 months Southwest Border Apprehensions 228,818.Thanks 2 Obama 70,000 factories went over sea ,U.S debt $13.84 trillion. State needs to be sued for Business Loss by looters .More over Time for The City + free Pass to looters+ Loss of tax $ = 2020 Protest, 89 law enforcement officers were killed in 2019.U.S $81,000 per year for inmate in prison, Utah spends $7,635 per student .NAFTA. CA-lost 408,023 jobs.
It seems to me all these black womb police chief’s can’t take the pressures of their department.
Problem talk is a toxic communication style that prevents the participants from reaching a solution.
But this is about Black Lives. Yea.
Defund the police hah ! Defund the dnc  people who started that campaign.
All of them use the race card. Shame
President Trump will offer her a Great job.
"Who will be the next chief of police?" 😂 No one. What fool would sign up for that job?
She seemed sincere and did what was needed to please the mayor but insinuating she was treated worse than a white person would have been treated is total BS and another weak victim 'cop' out.
I said she would be out,I would leave as well! They are defunding the police there,watch this city go down in flames!
Best for Mayor! She will win.
White  lebron's  way, not white  Republican  final come to light. Exposure is great  for people  of color.
She's not a police chief . She's a narrative .
Who’s next?
If Seattle people don't stand up, then it is on them.
What about BlM
Racsist council. These progressives are exactly the opposite of what they portray themselves to be.
If she was the Mayor, Seattle might have fared better...I like Chief Best
Wtf is going on in seattle!! Were going into a civil war! If we dont stand together Were going divided, fall!
Running away in the face of adversity. It weighed heavily on her shoulders? That’s part of the job. Good riddance. The guy in this interview needs to go back to the basement, he’s worried about a woman who allowed businesses to burn and people to die.
If you live in seattle....my condolences. Get out while you can.
Seattle used to be a beautiful city, like Portland and San Francisco. Now, the tourists have fled, the businesses are boarded up and closing for good. Taxes and fees are skyrocketing while property values plummet. The Democrat leaders have abandoned the average, hard working citizens, and take their orders from a small, violent mob of criminals. If you still live there, GET OUT.
I hope at the press conference she tells it like it is. No support from the mayor and city council. Them not wanting the National Guard or Federal help. Allowing this to go on for months and defunding the police. This should be another wake up call for the citizens of Portland and other cities who allow this to continue. It will only get worse as we have seen all over the country if it is not stopped.
The  "left- Wing " Liberals " who  are the People who is running the State government of Seattle wants to get rid of her  b/cuz" shes"s old school, and they want someone who is more likely  they can easily manipulate & control  and have the same views like them. The  TAXPAYERS of Seattle  should  "Vote them all out ASAP!  Less Police,  More Crimes  !
I don't blame her
Watch her get replaced with a white person. That will show more "truth" than anything else.
Unbelievable, this should not be possible in this country, especially with police unions
A successful black woman has the carpet pulled out from under her. Thanks to BLM & a black mayor. Self destructive !
Chief Best did a fantastic job during the riots and occupation. She protected her officers and she wasn't afraid to stand up to the local government. I wish her the best.
Well clearly the people of Seattle did not support her.  They support the mayor and these council members.
Weak knee council get thrown under a bus! All that bowing to left groups by the council did not help them at all.... zero sympathy for any of them including the Chief who Should have been raising Kane for her working police officers, was she? Disgusting.
Is it only me or do they say black alot? Shes done great things we all know shes black.
To bad,the mayor and city council should be fired and charged with treason
BYE 👋
They a mess over there.  Surprised she stayed so long.  Maybe she woke.
When is the DEMONOCRACY of the left going to come out against THEIR constituents destroying the the very cities they were elected to serve?
A very inclusive decision.
And people thought Seattle was turning into a He**hole before. She was the one person standing strong against the progressive idiocy running rampant among the Seattle political leadership.  My best wishes for her in the future.
Best should run for mayor.  That piece of work you call a mayor now has to go.
Hope she gets a good job in a sane city
She doesn't deserve it. An excellent Chief of Police, she was "RAILROAD," by Seattle Kook Mayor! God bless her into her future decision in life. 😎👍🇺🇸⚘⚘⚘
Seattle is a city ran by fools.
I'd leave seattle too.
Police funding was cut by a certain group that hated her. You think if she was another shade she would be given an interview? How you know she didn’t except a certain organizations payday to bow out? Please.
She's a criminal. Her crime: trying to enforce law and order in Seattle.
With the city going down the toilet why and how does race have anything to do with it. I respect her decision but I feel that she should have resigned when the powers to be decided to let the city burn and nutter the police....
Wait, dont we need more black women police officers??????
Could you find a bigger bunch of IDIOTS to manage a city? Seattle's mayor & city council   have lost their minds. Better start recalling these 💩
good bye asswipe .   she is a puppet and a terrible chief ...    she listens to her mayor and should be fired  not resign ,,,,   please let that earthquake come  .  break off the garbage they call the west coast .   it will be a blessing
sad day for Seattle
Horrible interview.... City going to H and all you care about is skin color.
The city is being destroyed & they want to reduce the Police Force. The city of Seattle is a disgrace & if I owned a business there I would leave.
I find this really sad. This police chief deserves better from the city "leaders"
Seattle isn't defunding anything, they are new-funding the ideology of the left.
She repeatably and publicly showed her disagreement with the leftist wackos on the City Council and especially the Mayor.  Defunding the police and dramatically reducing her salary looks more like a strategy to get rid of someone who doesn't buy into their leftist narrative.
This is sad. Nobody should feel forced out of thier position they have worked years for.
I wish the best for her she deserves better. Seattle is the new pit of the NW.
i am so surprised that so many women are in police force, this is not a job for them, women are nurturing and carrying in nature, not the fighters, that's why they cannot do this job, period. <( and that one too).
If you want to see what the future of Seattle will be,  you only have to look at Detroit.  Good luck to the sane people of Seattle. Get out while you can!
Saw this coming. Hope she gets full pension
How much proof needs to be exposed that the demoncraps are still the most racist group out there and the agenda has always been against blacks after all the KKK did start the party !
Ok American voters..from the West Coast to the East Coast this is typical of left wing political ideology.. The left and the Democrats no longer represent the core values of most of America.. Leave them now..and let’s turn the entire United States red..🔴
Seattle police officers, cities in Texas are recruiting officers.
More evidence Democrats are racist, how much more do you need to see once a slave owner always a slave owner
Ok can someone please flush Seattle into the Pacific Ocean?
All consumers. Stop spending your money in Seattle. Hit them in their pocket book.
How did they just Mae this about race?
Police Chief: Nice 1 Finger Salute to the worthless City Council!
Seattle's LAST HOPE just left town.
She did her "best". Black lives dont matter when you fire a black police chief obviously or black police officers. Seattle should just burn to be honest
Really I don't think the color of her skin is the issues. I believe ever Police Officers in Portland has been abuse. I believe you need to look into Mayor. As far as BLM no one should support them. They help no one but themselves.
Gun owners of seattle.  Its now the wild west.  No cops means the fastest draw wins.  Don't let the socialists win.
She needs to go if she can’t expect support from the politicians
They are running off the wrong person.......but hey I don’t live there.............thank god............
That is the wrong thing to do do you need to fight back with the with the managers did not resign
Great woman no support from the mayor, get out while u can, there are many cities that would  Love to have you.
Can't blame her honestly.
Yeah because cutting her pay will solve EVERYTHING, liberals are idiots.
“Would a white police chief be treated this way?” Under their current local government and climate I submit that a white chief would be treated worse.
Please, I implore you, DON'T RESIGN! Instead, REVERSE this on the Mayor and the Council by ARRESTING them for Aiding and Abetting the LAWLESSNESS that had occurred within Seattle during these last few weeks!
Jump off before the ship sink. She's a smart police officer. Great police department but bad mayor, and the crazy mayer is going to ruin the city to the ground.
This is a very huge and sad loss very shocking... she is an amazing lady so nice and hard working... Seattle is crumbling its not the city it used to be... losing Chief Best many people don't want to be here
She is right! Let the Governor and mayor do the job themselves. Do not give your lives to protect criminals.
Get rid of the mayor and things will change.
"Black-Female Police Chief Lives Don't Matter".
Don't blame her! Tough job anyway and can you imagine all that Drama....to Live it Daily...Don't blame her!
Buy guns and ammo
Vote Culp.....
Mayor Best?  Hmmm, Has a nice ring to it...
All the police should take medical leave and let the city council deal with the unrest
Probably for the best.
I am shocked and dismayed . Wish her the Best !
Defund the politicians!
As a black woman Police Chief, what she says in opposition to the far left city government carries more weight. She’s off the Democrat plantation so they have to punish her.
Now let every last officer walk off and let that city burn to the ground! Let the Democrats be responsible for the destruction they have created and if the actual citizens had any balls, they’d fight!
blm dont want police just police white areas
Progressive liberals just forced a black police chief to quit 😂😂😂
What a shame. Big loss for Seattle as a result of an incompetent mayor and a derelict city council.
why is this a surprise?  i dont blame her when she has that idiot Derp Derp to deal with who doesnt even care about police until rioters show up at her house.  good for her to quit and leave DerpDerp to handle the mess she made.
It's hard to do a job when there is so much push back but the time has come, ENOUGH IS ENOUGH!  May God bless her and her department.
When white racists come on the Net, pretending that they're defending a black police chief when they did everything humanly possible to keep blacks from getting Police jobs, or getting any jobs; you know that their losing power, along with their minds.
It’s incredible that they exiled a black female chief of police. Where’s that outrage from the left?
Black Police Chiefs Matter
Sorry to see you go, you are one of the few who makes any sense out there. Good luck on your next venture.
The Seattle City council  are ideologues who , if given free reign, will destroy that beautiful city. VOTE THEM OUT SEATTLE !
I bet she---he can gobble a goober with a mouth like a gator
Defund Seattle no federal money. Wall off Seattle and cut it off.
Apparently the rioters had no problem attacking her.
You better get out of this liberal shithole it’s going to get bad
Can't wait to see the replacement.
She’s hot!
I'm a little disappointed to hear the reporters imply that Carmen thinks they are cutting her salary because of her race and gender.  My first thought would be it's the 'Defund the Police' movement, and it would have happened no matter who the Chief was.  I hate seeing the race card being thrown around to 'bolster the narrative', but I don't exactly feel sorry it's being levied against Durkan.
I just wish she didn't given up , at least hang in there until the election , but than again you can't send a woman to do a man's job .
The Council, particularly idiots like Sawant would have utterly crucified a white chief
Seattle is kinda a shitcity now...
As she should for NOT doing her job. If I was in her place the first thing I would have done was arrest the mayor for ordering me to stand down against violent law breakers. The mayor violated oath of office which, per Constitution, instantly vacated the office, he/she from that point had zero authority within the city government. But this is what happens when you get cities controlled top to bottom with Lawless, progressive Leftist democrats. They don’t know the law that controls their action nor do they care...they are all wannabe dictators.
No one except criminals will want to live there. All dedicated,  caring and responsible law enforcement will leave. Those part of the criminal element will stay for personal profit. If this woman has integrity and upholds the law to the benefit of citizens and law enforcement , she will leave with a clean conscience.
Dear Mrs. Seattle police chief, it was not you who had to resign, but the mayor of the city, the governor of the state and all the Democrats, beggining with Pelosi!
Carmen Best will run for Maayor...bank on it
I wish her well. As a black woman to another. They dont deserve you. Let that city rot on its own.
This has nothing to do with color. She needs to look right at the mayor. The bought and paid for Democratic mayor who allowed the "summer of Love" to happen is the problem as well as all the complicit politicians all the way up to the governor. Keep voting blindly and you get what you deserve. The system let her down. Ridiculous Democratic politicians.
She was fighting an uphill battle.  She has integrity and  Seattle has lost a great leader.  I wish her well.
Can't blame her one bit! I wouldn't blame any Seattle police for quiting
Sadly, my home city will find out all too soon that the thief does not fear the wrath of God, but he does fear the barking dog
Well Seattle you are officially screwed.  RIP.
The irony that the left ran out a woman of color is hilarious...furthermore the irony  of her response that if she were white person she'd be treated with more respect is absolutely hysterical. They're completely imploding under their idocracy!
all cops need to resign and let the city burn to teach these fucks a lesson
Some real AMERICAN city will her give a JOB REAL SOON 💪stay strong🇺🇸
Defunding the police anywhere is STUPID!
4 star general....ha,ha,ha,ha,ha,ha,ha!!!!!!!!!
Defund the Seattle City Council. They make close to $130,000 a year.
The wrong person is resigning. Durkan is the bad apple. Washingtonians tolerating a bad apple? Even the orchards are bemoaning the colossal bad decisions coming out of Washington State.
IF its is any consolation to Police Chief Best, what these " Leftist Liberals "  did to her has nothing to do  with Racism,but rather  "Dirty Politics"  in Play right in your face, cuz"  if she was a " White Person" they would  just "terminate" her  and Label her a "Racist? , without  any just cause  what so ever. ! These "LEFTIST: HATES "WHITE PEOPLE !
Somehow, this news station appeared in my side bar on you tube. i kept watching, because it was refreshing to hear a balanced news report. I live in Toronto, am deeply saddened by the antifa thugs and brainless BLM monsters. But watching this news channel, i have a strong admiration for this police chief. She is a person of immense integrity, tremendous self love, which one needs to be a positive civic leader. Woe to Seattle, they lost their leader. No one else has been leading that's for sure.
Anyone that disagrees with their Liberal agenda has to go and so sad as she truly cares.
Black Lives Matter and more Black Cops will make the difference.
Sad
SHe I s Black so what is the Beef!
I don’t blame her at all. She’s awesome and she has no support from anyone in Seattle.
Its so sad she really did work hard to fight the mayor .  Jenny durkan needs to resign.  Not the chief.  How sad.
Carmen Best for President! sure better than Biden ....
Well in Non-Communist cities and states a gigantic move to change a fundamental budget would have to go through a process like writing a bill/proposal that gets talked about and voted on by the citizens of city. Democracy just took a major hit. Way to go Seattle
She is far better off to resign than trying to fist fight a wall of water.  To resign is not quitting, it is an absolute blessing. City council must be smug in their happiness but karma always finds a way back.
Carmen is the Best!!!
they make the force weaker anyway good riddance.
That bull crap. That stupid  mayor should resign.
Seattle is being ran into the ground...I lived there for 6 years and moved in 2018.  It’s so crazy how an outsider from the Midwest could see it but the locals absolutely refuse to and voted these anti Americans in.  Now you have to deal with it.
It's obvious City Council Members, most who have little or no previous experience in politics, have too much say so in the cities and states. Congress needs to act immediately to stop these low-level politicians from ruining the United States of America !!!
This great police Chief Best stepping down ?  IS gonna Completely Destroy Seattle !!!!!
Seattle loses big-time losing her. Those crooked politicians deserve all the BS your dealing with. Sadly many other people who live and work in Seattle still have to deal with  all the BS going on there.
So a successful black woman has to resign because of black lives matter. Ironic don’t you think
And the narritive continues. You see how they bring it up as a race issue, it always has to be race instead of talking about them tying her hands behind her back and telling her to swim. They tell you it was a pay issue, that if she was a white man she would be paid more... get serious!! You all took away her power and told her to keep the city safe... anyone would get fed up with this BS. Her city was burning, her officers were demonized by the city council, and she clearly cared about people because of how she fought against it for her officers, and y'all kept painting this false narrative.   The goal here is to label anyone who isn't down with the socialist agenda as a racist and a sexist. The only people NOT fed up with it are the looters, rioters, and the socialist politicians.
Why is it a shock ?  I’m surprised she didn’t walk sooner.   I would have
Guerilla war is coming
I look for the other cops in Seattle to quit and let the city go to hell.
I think it might be time to destroy the Democratic Party and left fully
She never had a chance with the morons running the place .
Why don’t the city hold a protest for her, I’m sure she feels that she has no other option, Get rid of that Mayor immediately if not sooner, she has caused more disruption in that city, If I was her, I would have done the same thing, what’s wrong with our country. Drinking the Democratic Kool-aide
How can city council do this?! Are they ACTUALLY retarded?!
I guess they'll be hiring a social worker to take her place.
👋👋👋👋👋👋👋👋👋👋👋
I thought she was a hero until I learned the final straw was a cut in her pay.
She fought the good fight honorably and she was let down and throw to the dogs by her leadership I wish that woman well she should be the mayor in Seattle just saying
A Black women, mother, grandmother, police officer and COP made a victim of BLM by Whites...very sad Seattle!
I don't blame her.  SPD lost a great employee.  I'm so sorry for the 100 police losing their jobs.  Seattle is just garbage.
I hope a better city try’s to give her a job where she can show how good she is with support
She better run for mayor. Ill move to Seattle just to vote for her
Fantastic! Will there be charges brought on the mayor?
We are past due for shooting on sight all looters rioters and protesters. Put a bounty on them.
Leave the Black and women out of the conversation.  Was she doing her job?  I think she was trying to do right but the council was against her.     She trying to push a rope up a hill.  Instead of her leaving get rid of the council and Mayor.
Do you think she gave her position so in hopes others will keep there jobs or pay.
It figures. A fine woman like that. Seattle is another Democrat shithole.
Wow Liberals talk so much about women and poc to be in power now they've caused one to retire unbelievable, dems are the part of theft,slavery,jim crow, and racism and always will be.
Many Want to See the Military on our City Streets with Long Guns and Digital Cameras to set up a Domestic Terrorist Page .. that way they will know in a second .. who are these Bums .. its the only way Forward .. The Police cant do it .. they dont have the Numbers or the Political Backing from these Democratic Slums !!
I can’t blame her
Seattle is full of closet racist
Good news! This is exactly what they need to do to fight criminals! 🙄
All the REAL THUGS are loading up and headed to Seattle! They will run the "wannabes" out then take over the whole city.
Good for you
🤬..They are only doing this because she stood up to them.
Good for her. I hope the rest of her staff follows and let the major sink in their on crapp. I’m surprised that she lasted this long.
stupidity must be a 2020 thing all over USA if we don't stop this crime wavy we will be just like some of the other countries that have m 16s on every street corner we need more police right now
Just give Seattle to China problem solved
Carmen Best was the only adult in the Seattle leadership structure. Jenny Durkan is the biggest idiot in the entire city, but Sawant is clearly takes second place. I completely agree with Carmen’s decision and at least I think she will land a better job in a much better city if that is what she wants. This is just sickening, but the idiots in Seattle deserves just what they get!!!
Uses the race card,nothing new.
I don't understand this situation. Doesn't her black life matter? Shouldn't people be demonstrating and rioting in the streets for her Black Life?
This news woman and her identity politics questions is what is wrong with our media. It totally deflects the real story.
WHAT A SHAME!!!!!!!! MY HEART GOES OUT TO HER. WHAT A TOTAL S&%@ STORM IN SEATTLE! I hope that Mayor gets voted OUT ASAP!!! What a joke of a Representative. TOTAL SELLOUT!
The city council should burn in hell!
STOP PLAYING THE RACSIT CARD!
It's a shame she's leaving. She seems to be one of the few in Seattle with common sense about her. She tried.! Best of luck to her! Down with Mayor Dumkunt and corrupt  city council.
And reason has left the building.
They should give her a raise instead for not arresting city commissioners for ignorance
Grab your popcorn and pull up a comfy seat. Seattle is about to show us what happens when you make all the wrong choices!
The so called mayor and city council had no intentions of keeping the police chief on as the chief of police. She don't agree with their marxist communist socialist agenda.
Should be some really good real estate deals to be had if you can afford to hold onto them for 5 years or so!
Shadenfreude !
If you can GET OUT OF SEATTLE!! Reducing the number of officers and pay, will result in more crime. I feel sorry for the people who have to stay.
That should have said sorry mayor..not major...you remove hundred officers from a mayor city streets and you're putting lives mostly black and brown people at risk..but screw them lot smoking leftist..
bolsheviks are winning. wake up
Keep her!!! Fire the idiot mayor
She deserves better
Wow, Seattle Mayor and City Council, you really screwed up! It is appalling what you have done to the cheif of police , department and frankly the whole city.
Remove council and mayor. If you don't it will become Chicago.
When the going gets  tough, the tough collect their free money and run.
36% of people of seattle approve of defunding of police. So, there is your problem, these people are just the symptoms, the disease is the people who keep voting for the council and the mayor.
What a shame...
Democrats forced a Black Woman to resign. Bravo you psychopaths. Good for her. Why work for people that don't support you. Go somewhere that respects you
Seattle government is a disgrace! They think they have shamed and humiliated Chief Best. The opposite is the truth. Her hard work and awesome talents will be the treasure of another organization VERY soon. She did all she could do, now it is time to WALK AWAY... I look forward to following her future success!
Vote!!!
This is heartbreaking when the right people are not allowed to do the right thing.   Big loss for Seattle. I pray God pours endless blessings upon her.
Her pay cut had nothing to do with her race, it had everything to do with her being a police officer. Seattle needs a change of leadership, demonizing police like this.
Vote these far-left socialist out of your city. Take back the streets
Seattle is doomed. If Carmen Best is not liberal enough for the leftist mob, then I shudder to think what Seattle will end up with. I’m glad I live in Texas.
I don't live in Seattle, But how good of a leader and Chief was she.  Under her leadership she lost a police Precinct to BLM Demonstrators,  thereby empowering them. From everything on the news she exercised no restraint or control on any of the situations that arose there. It's better she retire. The Seattle Police and all Police need real leadership in stressful and dire situations. She just wasn't up to the job.
Democrat Socialists loves to talk and photo ops. Just incompetent.
Every one that is next in line for her position needs to resign in protest!
I guarantee you other departments across the U.S. and even privet companies will be blowing up her phone with big job offers! This will be a BIG step Up for her!
Police Chief Best was the rock in times of turmoil. She can be 100% proud of her service to the people of Seattle.  God bless her, and good luck to her.
Nobody will be able to do better, white, black or man woman or shim. This job will go away until after a civil war has ended and anarchy is put to literal rest
Poppycock: do it Q! Infiltration not invasion. Mockingbird media.
Every one of the officers should resign.
Smart move that city is not giving her any support. Pull out and let it burn. The mayor and Governor of that state should be in jail along with the civil leaders.
Oh look, the second NY...crime will go up 400 percent. I hope the mayor recall goes through soon before the state collapses!
The most "liberal" city in the US and they are discrimminating against a black woman? Interesting.
Why do they make this about her being black? She is in an impossible position where the city council is not supporting her and her city in turmoil.
your a very good officer so just go somewhere that they will apprecate you, there are a lot of areas that can use good officers.
Someone PLEASE explain to me how there are people who can still defend the left and their agenda. We are headed for complete total destruction.
Democrat run cities in Democrat run states are a disaster. They are bankrupt dens of criminals.  Do me a favor stay put, I don’t want you bringing your crap into my state.
She probably received job offers someplace sane.
She should have resigned a while ago when the major and city council undermined dept..and spoke up for her officers..
What did anyone expect. She had the opportunity to push back against the mayor and city council, however she chose to grab her retirement and leave. All chiefs serve as civil service employees and are beholden to the politicians, NOT the rule of law or people. The second the mayor told Best that the chief will abandon the precinct, she could have said NO and supported the rule of law. Instead, Best went along with the program and did the bidding of the mayor. Best is no hero in my eyes. She'll collect a fat retirement check, write a book and go on the speaking tour.  Looking across the country, the chiefs who stand up to the politicians and for the rule of law are the true heroes.
I hope this amazing person is getting a life time tax payer severance...
So, that idiot decided to resign not when ordered to give up a precinct to the mob, but rather when she was given a pay cut?  She is so brave.  NOT !!!!
They already have puppet to take her place.
Imagine? BLM, AntiFarts, and bureaucratic BS made the one premier BLACK person (of many ) whom could make a difference. An educated, dedicated, intelligent individual broken by a broken system. Great job demonstrators and lousy Gov. Officials. U lost...
NYC next. 1980s crime rate here we come.
To the Taxpaying People Of Seattle!  ALL Of You Move Out of Seattle!  And Leave Jenny the  Dork Mayor And the Council to Fend for Themselves!
Racist city council defunded police.
defenitly racist city counsel..its a shame ...
Mayor is just jealous of her talents.
Seattle is in for hard years. It brought it on itself. .
They're losing a good one.
It's a clear harrassment and discrimination!! Seattle residents, welcome to the purge!! Your democratic councilors did a great job 👏👏👏
The governor and the mayor of the city should be ashamed of themselves then a longer thinking of families there are stuck in the house in fear I'm going out stop blaming the government for it
She was getting attacked from both sides, the extreme leftists on the council and a spineless mayor who wants to take 0 responsibility.
Seattle is like Gotham...
Chief Best, you need to take your considerable talent & experience to a city where they, and you, are appreciated.  Seattle police officers, you might want to follow your Chief!!
Now we just wait to see how bad the looting and shootings will be 🤔
How sad...man this world is getting heavy.
They need to take the mayor's and the governor pay not her pay  .
Seattle council is making it safer for criminals..looters and rioters also welcome anytime.
Hope she runs for sheriff.
Get rid of Democrats running anything, not hard to figure out.
Being a puppet is not a fun job.
Chief Best, America ( the Real America ) knows you have been betrayed by those you've served. Things will work out for you, a Brave woman, and a good cop.   God Bless...
Texas will happily accept Chief Best. These political refugees are going to keep popping up all in all the worst cities during these propped up culture wars. Texas is your sanctuary.
I guess Seattle will not be the city for the next Olympic games,
To bad she’s a good cop.
She will do well where ever she goes. Good luck to her.  Seattle is a hot mess.
This woman is awesome. This is a loss for Seattle.
She just wasn’t the Best! LOL!
Oh yah turn it into a racial thing like it’s not bad enough . Trying to turn the police against the police .
The Marxist city council cut the Chief's pay because she stood up to them. They are weasels. Seattle is lost.
No possible way you cut her pay and she quit incredible I don't believe it
the rats are abandoning the ship.
The people of Seattle are to blame for this. It is the responsibility of the people of Seattle to remove the mayor and city council with person’s of common sense. If they don’t then they will truly reap what they have sown.
What hope does Seattle have without Chief Best? So sad. I hope  she moves to a conservative city and gets the appreciation she deserves.
Every police officer protecting the mayor of Seattle should call in sick, or strike, vote republican, if you want your country back.
Criminals elect criminals to protect their criminal ways then they remove law enforcement so they can expand their criminal activities
I’m surprised she didn’t leave when the mayor let her precinct be shut down by the idiot mayor.
Seattle is a very wealthy, thriving town. And so was Detroit. It took them 10 years to bring Detroit down. 10 years. Now, can Dems do the same job even faster in Seattle than in Detroit?
blm went to a cops home and shot a shotgun through the back door while his children were home  . then beat up the cop and his  girlfriend  .
Hope all of Seattle steps down. They all suck. Seattle sucks. Democrats suck
Now THIS is a real role model! She did her best but if the higher ups don’t want to change then why stay on a sinking boat?
Good for her!
This is a great loss to city of Seattle .
Why. Someone like her will be appreciated everywhere. My town certainly would. Bless her.
This female reporter must be BLM's leader
She is doing the honorable thing. Good for her. The racist Democrats have treated her very poorly.
Pushing her out along with the rest of the good people in blue. She will have no problem whatsoever in finding a better job under better leadership. Trust Gods divine guidance. GO GIRL!
Run for mayor
She should resign and run for mayor.
So glad that I live in a quiet small town. They couldn't pay enough to go visit Seattle or any other big city that has all this craziness going on.
You get what you vote for..And in November a screw up will make this a go national.
Run for mayor Carmen Best!
Ok shes from Seattle for sure!  Made it all about race!  Sometimes people need to look at it for what it is. Most times is just stoopid people in charge.
Who votes in these city counsel members...? The voters have made Seattle a real Dump, you can see this by just driving around town.
Don't race card it, the democrats in charge are simply anti police.
Best should be arrested.  It's astonishing what people have let this pig get away with - abandoning the city and not taking control of the Communist insurgents.  That's how Left America leans.  Sickening.
President of Law and Order?   Defender of the Constitution?    Ha!   What a laugh!    Let's see his tax returns and bank records! Google: WHAT CONGRESS MIGHT FIND IN TRUMP'S DEUTSCHE BANK RECORDS
I don't know why it would be a shocking to anyone, city officials are destroying her department, throwing her officers under the bus and making it impossible for them to do their jobs. Seattle is a lost cause she's wise to leave that hellhole.
Demand the law is enforced on your city and state and federal officials!!!   "The Constitution of the United  States is a law for rulers and  people equally in war and in peace, and covers with  the shield of its protection all classes  of men, at all times, and  under all circumstances.  No  doctrine, involving more  pernicious  consequences, was ever invented by  the wit of man than that  any of its provisions can   be suspended during any of the great emergencies of government." ~ Ex parte Milligan, 71 U.S. 2 (1866).  Cooper v. Aaron, By Chief Justice Earl Warren No  state, legislator,  executive  or judicial  officer  can “War”  against  (or test  the limitations  of)  the Constitution  without  violating  their  undertaking to  support  it (Breach  of  Oath/Contract,  Treason,  Fraud).   The  Constitution  created  a  government dedicated to  equal justice under  law. The  Fourteenth Amendment embodied  and emphasized that ideal…no State shall deny to any  person within its jurisdiction the equal protection of the  laws. Our constitutional ideal  of equal justice under  law is thus made  a living truth. (Book, Our Nation’s Archive © 1999 pg 701)  “Anyone entering into an arrangement with the government takes the risk of having accurately ascertained that he who purports to act for the government stays within the bounds of his authority, even though the agent himself may be unaware of limitations upon his authority.” The United States Supreme Court, Federal Crop Ins. Corp, v. Merrill, 332 US 380-388 L1947)  Any court, government or government officer who acts in violation of, in opposition or contradiction to the Constitution, by his, or her, own actions, commits treason and invokes the self-executing Sections 3 and 4 of the 14th Amendment and vacates his, or her, office.  ” An officer who acts in violation of the constitution ceases to represent the government”. Brookfield Const. Co. v. Stewart, 284 F. Supp.94.  AM14.3/HO, IR No person shall hold office if he rebels against or violates the U.S. Constitution (treason).  AM14.3/RD Congress shall impeach anyone who rebels against or violates the U.S. Constitution.  Not maybe, not if they feel like it, THEY SHALL!  George Washington when ask if we should put impeachment into the constitution said: impeachment is a substitute for assassination.  The Oath of office is a quid pro quo contract cf [U.S. Const. Art. 6, Clauses 2 and 3, Davis Vs. Lawyers Surety Corporation., 459 S.W. 2nd. 655, 657., Tex. Civ. App.] in which clerks, officials, or officers of the government pledge to perform (Support and uphold the United States and state Constitutions) in return for substance (wages, perks, benefits). Proponents are subjected to the penalties and remedies for Breach of Contract, Conspiracy cf [Title 18 U.S.C., Sections 241, 242]. Treason under the Constitution at Article 3, Section 3., and Intrinsic Fraud cf [Auerbach v Samuels, 10 Utah 2nd. 152, 349 P. 2nd. 1112,1114. Alleghany Corp v Kirby., D.C.N.Y. 218 F. Supp. 164, 183., and Keeton Packing Co. v State., 437 S.W. 20, 28].  Refusing to live by their oath places them in direct violation of their oath, in every case. Violating their oath is not just cause for immediate dismissal and removal from office, it is a federal crime. Federal law regulating oath of office by government officials is divided into four parts along with an executive order which further defines the law for purposes of enforcement.  5 U.S.C. 3331, provides the text of the actual oath of office members of Congress are required to take before assuming office. 5 U.S.C. 3333 requires members of Congress sign an affidavit that they have taken the oath of office required by 5 U.S.C. 3331 and have not or will not violate that oath of office during their tenure of office as defined by the third part of the law, 5 U.S.C. 7311 which explicitly makes it a federal criminal offense (and a violation of oath of office) for anyone employed in the United States Government (including members of Congress) to “advocate the overthrow of our constitutional form of government”  "When once a republic is corrupted, there is no possibility of remedying any of the growing evils but by removing the corruption and restoring its lost principles; every other correction is either useless or a new evil." — Thomas Jefferson   COPY AND SHARE!!!!
That is what happens when you care.  You are a great leader.
Finally
Only the beginning
That's terrible. She was not supported by the mayor at all. Seattle is a mess. I grew up there and it's a toilet now. Glad I left that dump!
She seems like a decent Chief beset by awful politicians who are anti Police.Cant say I blame her for resigning if she isnt allowed to do her job.
All the cops should resign in seattle. Let that place go
Cops should be paid very well or they can be bought! DERRRRRP!
I wish all those cops would quit !
The ugly mayor need to resign completely dead for what going around
This is bs she is a good woman!!!!!!!
Go figure the actions of the "anti racist" hurt black people most
She should resign.  City counsel is limiting what she can and can't do.  Now, Seattle will burn and she'll be just fine.
I am so SAD to hear this! We've all watched her and have had such Love and RESPECT for her! She just made you feel like she was on YOUR SIDE, on the SIDE of the Little person! I don't even live there and feel so sad that she's leaving! I know her hands have been tied for herself and for her men and women in Blue! I pray she has a wonderful retirement and a blessed life and wish her the Very Best! Her pay cut is WRONG....WRONG...WRONG.....WRONG!
She cared more for her city than the Mayor. This is sad.
Mayor is dumb
The Seattle city council especially Sawant need to go to prison. The Mayor is responsible as well. This is what happens when Democrats/liberals/socialist have power. Washington vote these A-holes out of office.
I was proud of her when I've heard her speak. Who can blame her for leaving with the chaos made way for by the local government? God bless and protect her!
With the city's hatred of police, is there any wonder why "THE SUMMER OF LOVE" Seattle is burning and now this.
She was singled out because she is a real police officer. Chiefs that stand by with their troops have a hard road. She was not buying the leftist narrative.
Look how these enlightened liberals treated their first black police chief.
Way to leave your department hanging Carmen.  Sadly, most of the brave officers of Seattle don't have the luxury of retiring and getting out of that $h!+ hole.
Good luck, Chief Best.  I firmly believe that in today's world that you were treated better than any white would been by a racist mayor, board and movement.
King 5 playing a role in the race war. This isn't about the chief's race. This is about an inept mayor and an even worse city council. It's not race, it's your deeds that matter. We have a corrupt council and mayor.
The Mayor should resign next!
Trump 2020!
I'm surprised she lasted that long. I would have been out of there. Seattle and Portland are on the verge of becoming Chicago. This appears to be happening by design.
The whole city council should quit.
The irony of BLM
I wonder. Are all these conservative patriotic police officers quitting going to be replaced with police who are open to marxist, socialist, communist ideas?
A lot of quitters out there. To bad she takes that option. She should run for mayor
God Bless you Chief. If more chiefs would stand by their officers like you we would be in a better world.
The criminals are loving all this...Learn from this America...Beware of this sinister liberal progressive Democrat ideology.... It's like a bad virus!
She is probably getting offers from around the country. Why wouldn't you want a bad ass chief who got through the CHOP situation and has been in service for over 30 years. I hope she lands in a great town with a community that appreciates her.
I think every single police officer should resign and leave that City to the idiots that voted for these Democrats! They want cops gone, give it to them!🤔🇺🇸
I sincerely doubt she emphasizes  with blm tactics! Give me a break!! Her hands were so tied during Chaz, her authority was so undermined it was disgusting!! What would you expect??
Can you blame her?? The city counsel turned on her and her entire department. The entire agency should quit!!
Bring in Dirty Harry
It seems to me that she is resigning because she works for terrible people. By terrible, I mean the mayor, city council and the voters who keep them in office.
Hey divisive morons, the pay cut had nothing to do with her skin color and everything to with Seattle not liking good Cops who want to enforce the law.
Time to recall the mayor and whole city council. Throw the corrupt bums out before the city is destroyed,
Didn’t see that coming. She had no support what so ever. Freakin Shit*y counsel with that nut job Sawant is destroying Seattle.
Affirmative action doesn't work so well.
i was think chief best should run for mayor
Swiat needs to be gone, she's a trouble maker.
Let it burn!
What took her so long? She should have resigned immediately after receiving orders for her officers to stand down.
So..... her black life doesn’t matter?? Nice Seattle 👏 👏👏👏👏👏👏👏
Its too bad they are losing the only leader who actually seemed to care about what happened to the people in her district.  Where is the pay cut and/or resignation/firing of the horrible mayor?
Good for her. I'd quit too. She's trying to save the city from rioting scumbags and the moronic city government keeps s hitting on her.
She had to go....she is sane.
She did all she could against a cowardly spineless city council... Can't blame her at all
Can’t wait to hear about her talks with the mayor and city officials once she leaves.
She should sue the city, Democrats will rot in hell
Goodbye Portland, goodbye Portland, goodbye Portland, we're glad to see you go!
What comes next is more crime, more chaos, people being murdered and a empowered Antifa.   Very bad news for the law abiding people and working people  in Seattle.
This is just sad to hear. Seattle is becoming the biggest disappointment. I tried to tell people that if they started firing innocent police to appease anarchist and socialist that all the good people will quit and leave and Seattle will be left with trash.
The other cops should follow her lead.
OMG everything isn’t race related
Didn’t take long for the “I’m a black woman” victim card.
your not in the club, your off regardless of race,
MS 13 should be appointed to run the police force to reduce crime, since all crime will now be lawful.
bless her heart..should have resigned friday. today is tuesday glad she made it. now....move and give the snakes their den.
BLM is a joke
STUPID MAYOR NEEDS TO BE STRUNG UP. VILIFY THE POLICE AND THIS IS WHAT YOU GET.
What a shame America needs to fight back.TRUMP 2020
This can only be another positive for the Liberal city of Seattle. Meanwhile, back here on Earth.
That counsel and Durkin needs to go.  They are self destructing their city!
I believe Best is doing what's right but she should never have given up the precinct. The minute she did that she abdicated any Authority and legitimacy. She wasn't required to follow orders that were in conflict with what she knew to be best for the citizens of Seattle.  so glad back in 1985 I didn't move to Seattle. Let's Seattle burn.
Chief. Please rest in the knowledge that you are much better than your City leaders.
Good for her! Seattle’s government is a joke. May her quitting allow her to keep her sanity, but I recommend moving out of Seattle first. Defunding the police...get ready Seattle lol it’s going to be hell on earth. CHAZ will seem like heaven.
That is very sad.  Someone who cares about the city and its people is treated like a piece of garbage.   Maybe she should run for Mayor of Seattle. Start defunding the politicians.  They are failing us all.  Let's start having "Defund The Politicians" rally. Cut their pay by 90%.  See how they like it.
Poor woman never had a chance.  “Summer of love” mayor should go!
What a great pity, another patriot down😫
So Seattle begins it's first steps into hell!
The rest of the police should follow her lead. Why try and serve the people of a city who hate you and a mayor who will always side with criminals, that mayor is ready to throw all these police under the bus at a drop of a dime. Let Seattle fall.
thats to bad, the phsycopathic mayor and dirtbag councl needs to have the riots burn their homes down, and thhe seatle police should not respond untill its over.
The mayor and council has ruined this city. No one would want to visit there again. Let alone live there.
I'm sure that HUNDREDS of communities would be HAPPY to employ her ASAP.
BLACK LIVES IS obviously a very, very RACIST SLOGAN !
Best. A woman with principle. And hot.
smart Girl... the rest of the Force should leave as well... Florida is Hiring..
Apparently Black Police Chief Lives don’t Matter. How pathetic is that.
Good for her the rest of the police should follow and Police agency’s across America should reach out and hire them up quick!
this is horrible...the worst democratic party in history. why i left.
Council you will be voted out with extreme prejudice.  Hope you find new work quickly.
Too bad because Best was the last voice of sanity in what used to be a great city. Seattle's mayor, Jenny Durkham, is a national disgrace. Durkham is the one who should have resigned.
A black female in a position of power... yet BLM says get out? This is a major PC pretzel...
REMOVE the Major!
People of Seattle should vote to cut the pay of the council members and Mayor Durkin.  They are useless to the people of Seattle.  Put the money in your police department.
Congrats to the Seattle city council and mayor.  Big city Democratic "leadership" at its best.   You are killing your police department and have turned the city into a joke.  Talk about the loons running the asylum.
My heart goes to Carmen Best. I couldn't have survived this long. Go to Red city and they will embrace you. Sad!!!!! Seattle, wake up!!!! Think outside the box!!! You are all in a cow lot with left wings ideology. Vote out the left and vote in Conservative.
I don’t blame her one bit. Misguided leftist leaders are eviscerating PDs all over the country in similar fashion, and the good people in these cities are going to pay a heavy price for it. Those who have to stay anyhow. We seem to be well on the way to creating more Gary’s and Detroit’s overnight.
I met her once during the public safety test. she cares about her officers a lot and had everyone’s respect in the room. This is sad to see bc she was a boss i wanted to work for
Seattle...a Marx Brothers Absurdist Movie. It will decline into even more chaos. They do in fact eat their own.
not surprised they have all the answers but no results
That Woke City Council would have treated Chief Best worst if she had been a White Male.
Why does this news outlet have to make it about race. This is clearly propaganda. Makes me sick. A lot of officers are stepping down all over the country. It's not a black or white thing. It's a far left thing
I’m done with this fuckn city! Making plans to move today far away from this god foresaken city. You can have it along with the liberal assholes who run it. 👆👆👆👆
Too bad she lost all credibility by bold face lying too many times to citizens who were really excited to work with her. The Police Union treated her, and this city,horribly.  DURKIN NEEDS TO GO.  CHIEF BEST DID A GREAT INTERVIEW WITH OMARI SALISBURY AND CONVERGE MEDIA earlier in the day ... seek it out.
If there's no police,why do we need city council and mayor?
Seattle cutting its own throat. say hello to Chitcago 2.1.
Democrats are evil
This police LADY needs to sew the mayor and or governor for discrimination! NOT racism, but discrimination! Those so called politicians in so called  charge need to be VOTED OUT! Go to the poles Seattle and take care of your city-Dems have NOT helped you one bit!  TRUMP 2020
Black lives, oh wait..
Black, black, black, everyone's trying to make it about race, and it's not. It's about a jerk of a Mayor and the chief is just a figurehead to aim at since she's the top police person. It's aimed at ALL of them, and she's just the focus. Who does the budget cut hit? Just her? No, all of the police in Seattle. Maybe Carmen Best should run for Mayor after she resigns.
Can hardly wait to see her interviewed on CNN or MSNBC!   Ha, right - they won't even report it.
They're losing a good one, coz of these dumbazzes
Police need to give these mayors one week to refund police and even add money and training for them ,or every police officer will walk off the job ,non negotiable. One week.
You cut my pay ? I move on 🖕too
Ass too bad but you can't blame her
Everyone is racist.  The cops, the council, and the protesters, all nazis. Funny stuff
The entire police force needs to resign in Seattle.
Just got to throw that race card in huh? How about incompetence of not only her but the whole city counsel and mayor? Makes me wonder if city counsel's/mayor's kids are running loose among the Antifa/BLM rioters.
Good for her. Maybe she can get a new job somewhere they care about law and order. Let Seattle fall on its own sword.
I don't blame her. Best wishes to her. She has done her best. "You can' fight City Hall" has taken on great relevance in these Democratic City Riots!!!
I am happy for her. Seattle did not deserve her.
Now it's Jenny's turn!
Cancel culture!The democratic mayor should resign! She has displayed mental illness!
Any police officers who could leave should leave & let the city officials be held accountable for what happens afterwards
Trump needs to hire this woman,seems like she cares about her city,a rarity.
If i was LEO in the Seattle area , i would quit. See what they do then.
Carmen  Best  tried  to  do  her  best  in  a very  bad  situation.The  politicians of  Seattle  must  be  blamed  for  this.
Make no mistake about it. Seattle is ground zero for the Communist Party USA.
She proves that affirmative action does not work.
Just like constables of London in the 1840s no one will want to take that thankless job.
What a shame that this Police Chief is going to resign!!! The Mayor and others on the City Council are ruing this city. Vote Republican and save your cities. costantr
You can’t represent a city that has no respect for the safety of its citizens nor allow the citizens to decide. The police will lose any power in Seattle and will just turn into targets for violence. Police need the right tools to do their job.
Leave it to the "conversation" to figure it out.
Police Chief should be Mayor of Seattle. Run that cold, stone faced, zero personality old bat Durkin out of town.  Durkin had spent WEEKS laughing off the destruction of her citizen's property and the unlawful TRESPASSING, BREAKING AND ENTERING, LOOTING, ARSON, THEFT, ASSAULT MURDER of residents, and their businesses, thoroughfares and resources. But then something happened that wasn't funny. Her "peaceful protesters" found their way towards "HER FAMILY HOME". Those protesters IMMEDIATELY turned into dangerous rioters and suddenly the laissez faire, Shambala leader decides the President's ridiculous offer to take 6 city blocks back might not be a bad idea today. That was all it took. Within hours, Mayor Durkin lost her patience for protesters, even if they were ACCIDENTALLY RIOTING through no fault of their own. She increased HER FAMILY'S SECURITY DETAIL, AND SHOWED THE PEOPLE WHO HAD FREE ACCESS TO EVERYONE ELSE'S FAMILY LIVLIHOODS AND REAL ESTATE ETC. FOR WEEKS, that you don't fk with the Palace..  One hour of inconvenience at the Palace and there went weeks of CHOPSTERS getting settled in the offices, shops, businesses and other spaces they had thrown plain ole people out of, as they were allowed to occupy indefinitely, or until the Love Fest bloomed. Well, things got definite real quick.  Mess with Durkin's property, next day you get shut down AND all the Durkins get their own Security , Mess with Chief Best's property, next day SHE gets HER pay slashed with no warning for a 30 year career working her way through every rung on that ladder, making Corporate connections, beloved by the community, level headed and resilient, poised yet tough as nails...I'm getting so upset writing this. The best thing that could ever happen would be to put the honorable Carmen Best in the Mayor's office. Mostly sorry for the Chief. She has to feel like it was all for naught...to get cancelled by a person who has no business acumen or insight into one, much less many organizational structures. I bet President Trump would give her that job if only it was legally possible. This  is really wrong. Not fair!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Say hello to marshall law
obviously the Seattle mayor and council learnt nothing from the crime spree that was chop/chaz. the people of that city seriously need to rise up and demand immediate new elections while their is still something to save.
I don’t know why you idiots are shocked that police are quitting their jobs when there is so much wrongful hate being directed towards them.
Carmen was the only sane person in city hall.. Please run for Mayor...She would make a terrific mayor of Seattle..
Businesses and the wealthy need to leave,just leave your democratic tendencies behind
If there was a white male police chief in the city now, he would have been hung out to dry by the council, media, mob  and the Mayor. This lady has at least been able to try and fight back due to her colour and gender, she has spoken well and has come across as being an impressive individual. Good luck to her.
Yeah Seattle is screwed. I feel sorry for sane individuals that live there. All 5 of them
So will crime increase or decrease from this decision. You all decide! Leave a comment.
We need a different way for police to be more free from local city government, by having the chief's be elected by the people in the same way a Mayor is elected, therefore being free from direct control by Mayors, in the same way state police outside of cities aren't controlled by Mayors. Also a defined method of funding such police which can't be directly affected by the cities. That way a police chief has the same power in a city that a Mayor does, but each within their defined roles.
Sorry for the decent people there but now you will see your city burn even faster, ARM your selves or leave quickly while you still can
7:00 Normal people, the most of us actually, don't care about skin color, and Democrats have rich history of slave ownership, segregation, and identity policy.
It's a sad day when the only voice of law and order gives up .I don't blame her she is dealing with the most ignorant people. the mayor and council being number one.
Thanks Democrats... Another city down the drain...
In this case, her successful and courageous career as a woman, a black woman, did not matter to BLaMe. Seattle will reap what they sow and any other city like it. If the citizens don't start standing up to this now to the unacceptable, irresponsible behavior from elected officials, the ņâźįş win. Say goodbye to your total liberty. It's half way there with the plandemic.
It's hard to see a good cop leave.
No one with a rational thought UNDERSTANDS what this Woman is THINKING? The ELECTED OFFICIALS WHO tossed her to the wolves. God Bless this Woman. A true AMERICAN HERO in my options as well as MOST OF AMERICAN CITIZENS BACK HER DECISION NO MATTER WHAT IT IS GOOD LUCK AND GOD BLESS YOU CHEIF
So many good people hurt to please the mob.
You mean democrats have a low view of black people.... what a shocker...
Seattle doesn't want police and eventually will be  stripping  their residents of their  guns. This is a move toward a socialist run city,
BWAAAAHAHAHAHA.....hahahahaha.... how's that worthless Marxist ultra liberal government working for ya?!....."came as a shock".... BWAAAAHAHAHAHA....
30 years of service, its time to get out of there.  Enjoy retirement at a nice conservative town.
Soooooo liberals win Chase a black woman off the force ok liberal logic at its best.
whats so great about seattle anyway i would move
People are only gona take so much abuse before they just say, I am done.
All Criminals so happy to know all Police resign. All Criminals can do everything 🦹🏻‍♂️🧛🏿‍♀️☠️🧙🏽‍♀️🧟‍♀️👻
Sacrificial lamb for the left...
“No kind of discussion” yeah cause she is inaccessible. Hides away in snohomish and doesn’t answer her phone, according to the councilmember that lives two houses down from me.
The police chief has principles and "back bone" unlike Chief Milk Toast in Portland. They clearly a weak Chief they can control. Chief Best should have no problem getting a job with another department in another state. She just has to be willing to head East.  Pretty telling when a Democratic Female law enforcement officer is not "Democratic Enough". Los Angeles is seeing as similar scenario play out with the current District Attorney not being far left enough.
There goes another sound  voice in the midst of all this craziness. She should be Mayor. I respect her so much .
President of Law and Order?......Did the kind of division we now see in the Country exist before Trump became President?   NO!   Trump has despicably and selfishly encouraged and created both the division and the violence that now exists!..........He is responsible for it!.........And now he pretends to be the "President of Law and Order" who will fix it!     Ha!
Regular Seattle residents should be afraid more....your line of defence has just been broken. 🤨 they will put a chief in there that will kiss the mayor and councils assess.
Chief's are supported by Seattle's finest police officer's.
If you're not democrat you're not black and therefore they allow themselves to go after you. Proven that this all is not about the color of your skin but about your political choices.
Destroy everything and then cut and run ,Typical Communist.
Colour just becomes one of the excuses instead of actually looking at the work done. A woman not doing her job should be let go. A man not doing his job should be let go. Compentence has nothing to do with colour of a skin. "No one likes have subordinates who are more competent than yourself because then it shows your own incompetence".  That is sometimes a problem.  Sometimes, you have been too long in your position and should be removed too.
Criminals are getting released from Jail. Police are being defined,  Vote for these Politicians to have these great achievement.
Guess the honeymoon is over! Good job city counsel. It’s not a black/white  issue. City counsels are doing this all over. It’s part of plan to get civilians in charge of police departments.   She will land on her feet.  Could be a blessing in disguise
This is what they wanted her to do because she stands for her police.  How can they do that to her.  I hope they get what they deserve.  God bless Carmen.  I wish her the best.  Can only take so much
Too bad. Seattle kayor and council responsible for whatever happens to Seattle now. I say. Let it 🔥
How about cutting the city councilman’s salary by half as well?
Please take notes, people. This is so sad.  Make sure to vote these idiot Liberal “leaders” out of office before they ruin more lives.
Any City would be fortunate enough to have her! I just moved a few weeks ago from the area  and she fought for her officers and for the city. Durkan - City Council - Shame. Seattle voters- Shame. These are your elected officials. Your loss.
> BLM demands defund police, city council defunds police, police chief is black and calls city council racist because this wouldn’t happen to white woman?!?
Let that Hell hole burn to the ground. Remember - YOU voted these fools into office! Sell your property and RUN !!!
How can you blame her.   Sad.   Hope she writes a book
This is upsetting they pushed and pushed now they lost one of the best police officers and  Chief's around. God bless her and she will not have a problem finding a job.
The whole force should resign and leave the whole city of Seattle to the rioters and then they can rename the whole city chaz or chad.
I disagree....where she is? A white male would have been gone long ago......she could have been much more vocal about whats going on....
One of the only people I respected in the Seattle leadership, but I get it you can go to a republican district and get treated with respect!!!
And yet some members of the city council have private security at taxpayers expense.
Why is this a black and white issue now? I thought BLM is the norm in Seattle. Everything is about RACE!!!So blacks are driving the narrative in Seattle????
When the political leadership of the city refuse to prevent violence and protect people, there is no point in policing.  5 shot in the Chop alone ffs.
A black female police chief resigns because of the state of her jurisdiction. Thank you predominantly white Seattle “allies” and black “bruthas/sistahs”. You’re so progressive, you made a black female police chief reign. Racism...i guess????🤷🏿‍♂️🤦🏿‍♂️
Ah..,  Seattle's summer of love.
It isn't her race. The leaders have lost their minds, reducing police funding and presence in the midst of Seattle being destroyed continuously for months by rioters and not allowing the police to act. This is movement to socialism, eventually getting rid of police and then coming for the guns of the residents. The chief does not go along with their socialist plan so they saw that she was discouraged to stay in her position.
If you don't want America  and cities like this to be destroyed and people vandalized and harmed,  stop voting for democrat mayors and governors, vote republican and vote Trump 20/20
"Vengeance Is Mine" says The LORD. I ask for all, to pray for the fall of this City Council who allowed the deaths of Gods people. Watch what happens but you must pray hard, it's worked for me. I was given 2 yrs to live (cancer). That was 2 more bouts of cancers and 16 years ago. SO PRAY HARD and GOD will show mercy and WRATH.
People of Seattle you need arm yourselves now. You have a mayor and governor that doesn’t give a chit about your safety. You and your family’s safety is now up to you
This is probably good now they can bring in someone from ANTIFA to run the department. I also hear that Raz from the CHOP is available.
There’s a line even cronies won’t cross.  Sounds like Seattle found hers.  Affirmative Action at work.  Great job, liberals.
The people of Seattle should be ashamed of themselves for allowing terrorists to rampage through your city. What cowards you all are.
Why should this be a shock? their will be many to come
Maybe all the law enforcement in Seattle should walk. Starting with the security detail for the mayor.
She's tired of the council and the liberal Democrat nonsense.
I think it is the Mayor that should be jailed.  Police Chief was in shackles from the start.  Had the police chief been in charge the National guard would have b  been on site the second or third night.  No tear gas no rubber bullets and a revolving door at the prosecutor's office for those arrested and back on the street what do you expect?
Let Seattle roit in their own filth.
Kinda ironic that Seattle's first BLACK FEMALE POLICE chief is resigning
That mayor wants her lifestyle of high income and fancy home. She bowed down to terrorists to keep her income and lifestyle safe. We need to defund the amount of pay these politicians get.
Saw that coming...
GOVERNOR OF WASHINGTON STATE REDUCES SALARIES OF GOVERNMENT EMPLOYEES .. .BUT GIVES GOVERNOR ENSLEE OF WASHINGTON GIVES HIMSELF A RAISE...INCREASED SALARY!! GOVERNOR ENSLEE 9G WASHINGTON STATE JUST GAVE IRAN $8,000,000...... .WHY IS HE GIVING IRAN MONEY???? IS HE SELLING WASHINGTON STATE??..
I admire her integrity and honesty. I wish her good luck in the future.
Pay cut nothing to do with her colour but all to do with undermining all police.  Dreadful situation for all police officers.  Most will resign and go elsewhere.  About time voters in Seattle woke up to the situation.
The 98.5% whlte bIm crowd says she’s raclst
'' I WONDER WHY MAYER'S THINK THEY CAN ORDER MILLION'S OF DECENT PPL AROUND.AND TELL MILLIONS OF PPL ''THEY CANT GO TOO THE BEACH,OR GO OPEN THERE SHOP.THAT IS SO WRONG.JUST BECAUSE OF A FEW PPL IN A CITY,LIKE THE MAYER,,AND POLICE THAT LISTEN TO THERE BS,SAY'S THEY CANT D THIS OR THAT..MABY THEY THINK THEY OWN YOU,I THOUGHT YOU WERE FREE,MMMM☼
Hey Seattle, your city is now free for the taking. No chief, defunded... its only a matter of time before the extortion, kidnapping, missing person, ..ect. Your counsel should be hung in the street.
Good now bring in a man to get the job done.
Can you blame her???? Seattle is lost..if I were delivery driver for ANY COMPANY I would not delivery ANY GOODS TO SEATTLE..for SAFETY REASONS!!!!
Good for her,  go take care of your family. City Council should burn, and probably will.
New world order.
God Bless her! She is a strong amazing woman. I thought that’s what the democrats wanted? Strong amazing women? Nope. They just run over them too. SMH. I hope and pray she has amazing experiences in her life and career and maybe even can leave Seatlle❤️
To cut six figures from her pay overnight in a time when police have the hardest job imaginable right now, dealing with constant abuse and  literal ceaseless chaos and rioting, I mean there job is exhausting right now it is dangerous always and more so than ever. The police are getting attacked, shot at, ambushed, always but right now like tenfold...they honestly deserve RAISES right now and the city cuts her SIX FIGURES? SHAMEFUL. Shame on you seattle, shame on you city council, shame on you everyone who is privileged enough to truley believe that we can live in a world with no police and have social workers walk into situations where police get killed by the dozens and hundreds every year, and shame on every white college kid or college graduate out there who gets to go back to their parent paid dorms this fall and cry about how hard life has been and your traumas and hardships but have the audacity to destroy, loot, and burn minority and black owned businesses that people have worked hard to build& rely on for their livelihood& actually know what hardship means, shame on all of you.
Anyone who expresses distain about their Dem Boss policies are put out with the trash. Just like every Dem run city in the land. Wasteland !
If she had had the freedom to act as she wanted, Seattle wouldn't have had all the recent problems. I don't feel sorry for anyone in Seattle who  voted for the Democrat mayor and city council.
Best wishes to Chief Best. I think she should, as her last official act, to lead 100٪ of the former Seattle police on a march out of town. The voters of Seattle have spoken; now let them live with anarchy.
I obviously don’t know the lady but she looks like Dawn Butler’s body double
What a pathetic State of leadership in the democrat party.
Message for Chief Carmin, ANY police department and Community would be honored to have you as part of their precinct.
This BLM madness is just hurting black people.
Good Ol' Democrats-"identity politics" don't matter when being a conscientious Cop isn't Flavor of the Month- we'll just stick with the Marxists. WHY do these fools keep voting for them???
They tried to spring a slap-in-the-face pay cut on her after the events of recent months.
Ironically, a black woman 😂😂😂😂👍 the left are the real racist
This reporter is a joke
What the hell. Just who the hell has the arrogance to make these decisions. Stand forward and show your faces you bunch of turds. This Woman deserves our support. From uk.
More cops will walk
40% I would quit too the F
I feel so badly for her. She is a good person floating in a sea of pure crap.
I have been watching all this unfolding from a little village here in Dorset UK. Via uTube and this lady has been through hell and back I wish her all the best for her future, I hope she can step back from it all, receive pleasure from her success in life and reap all the joys of becoming a grandmother
This is a terrible loss to the people of Seattle!  She's a great officer that is so disgusted by local politicians she is resigning! The people of Seattle need to put a stop to this nonsense.
Coming soon the great Seattle exit. People will be leaving there in droves. Maybe everyone will think twice about voting in these democratic socialist far left globalist nut jobs into office....just saying
YES<  SHE needs to get out.  They don;t deserve her abilities. That city is unbelievable.
This mayor is just garbage talking!
She was the voice of sanity in Seattle. Congratulation Seattle, the leftist democrat's you elected are giving you what you deserve.
She best get her pension!
So who's the real racists!!!
Of course they had to force her out...Her skin color doesn't fit their narrative of a racist.
She should resign, and run for mayor
OMG! A very experienced senior officer treated like garbage-hmmmm-race?Sexist?
The northwest is doomed!
I am white and have literally never, never, looked at someone of color who is in a good position in society and thought to myself, if I had the ability, id make it rough for that person. That is just messed up and I literally don't understand the mind of people who look down on people of color.. Like WTF.. SEATTLE IS FKED
What a waste of a great police officer. Americans need people like her. God bless and protect you..UK LONDON LADY. 🙏🙏🙏
Good riddance
What a sh*t show. You can’t make this stuff up
I think it shows her weakness to fight.
She can't do it all by herself.  Hope she moves to a Republican city and shows how good she really is.
Chief Best, you somehow had the patience to endure this absolute travesty and provided the only voice of reason from my birthplace over the past several months. Godspeed, and be safe. RIP Seattle.
Enjoy your Democrat cities and states America, you get what you vote for.  This is all they do.  We’re a red voting family in a blue state and we’re moving next year to help keep a red state.......red.
Man i didn't know police chief makes 300k a year.. how a public servant makes  that much money like dang doctor and engineering money even more than pharmacist with a doctorate. I am going to be a police chief. She should be making about 130k or less in my opinion. She is corrupt for sure no matter what her race is money rules every soul!
Great, just great.  (sarcasm)  Seattle is a total turd hole and she was one of the few bright spots in the mix.  She is bright, brave and stands with her officers.  She is better than the lot of that crooked council and mayor.  Any city would love to have her lead their force.
The Leftist eat their own. Zero sympathy here.
If you voted for that mayor and still plan to you deserve all of this.
In other words, a worthless promotion and couldn't handle the job. Bye.
One more thing:  Mayor, how is that Summer of Love working for you?
Just like how the riots started, one town and everybody got on board. Now the next wave, She Chief BEST, is the first one to quit but She will not be the last. So everyone who will be the next high up police official to Quit? My guess would be NEW YORK or ST. LOUIS, What is your guess?
Seattle has lost their minds. I hope all the local citizens arm themselves and defend their homes to the level of extreme violence if necessary
Keep voting donkeys and watch what happens. lmao
I anticipated this; I hope Chief Best lands in her feet. Seattle does not deserve her.
Total satanic tool. Best has nothing to worry about. This evil leadership in Seattle will fail heavenly test themselves to fulfill their leader satan's demands.  Be with your family Best and teach godliness and holiness. Jesus loves you!
Now Antifa can loot and burn the city now, of course the mayor lives in the suburbs. You demacrats never seise to amaze me!
She just showed she wasn't strong enough, i.e the balls for that position.  Let's see who the replacement is.
Good for her! Carmen would be welcomed to our community as a police chief or an addition to our police force. She wouldn't have to worry about craziness.
Seattle is on a one way ticket to Hell! vote Culp for change!!
This woman has been a saint and she needs to be heard and asked to be the MAYOR they need to get rid of the council and the mayor and governor . These DEMOCRATS HAVE COMPLETELY DEMORALIZED ALL THEIR POLICE DEPARTMENT . Time to clean house and  bless you Carmen Best and god works in mysterious ways , they will get theirs. Thank You for your service  it has been an honor to see your strength and courage . THANK YOU FROM NEW YORK
Taking a black skilled job, good job liberals.
Shocked? Are you people this stupid? Yes, Yes you are!
Race and gender weak arguments against her incompetence. There have been plenty of incompetent people of all races and genders who have been relieved their positions of the basis of operational incompetence, corruption, or bad political judgement. In a truly generic sense Best is just another one of those. By reaching for the excuse of race and gender, she only places herself further below the level of complete and utter contempt. In her job the buck rests with her. She failed to protect people and business owners in Seattle, cost the tax payer a lot of money and she has now paid the price. Instead of owning up taking it on the chin she has chosen to act like an excuse making teenager. That is the level her mind is at.
Banning Democrats will solve a lot of this
Good luck Seattle
That's fucked up they did that to her
Hey looters why not throw a party at the mayor's house... While she is gone.
Well there's one who will not be defunded. Smart lady with class.
How embarrassing for Seattle .. Shame on the inept Council who pushed her to this decision.
Is the private security for the mayor going to be removed too??? Since this is a peaceful city.
Seattle is damned.
I hope that the stupid citizens of Seattle are happy now. They are the real blame for their ignorance when voting these communists into office. I hope the city falls into total anarchy and their murders and crimes escalate out of control.
She's leaving because they're cutting her pay. She would have been happy to sit there and watch the rioting go on as long as she was making big bucks. She probably never thought it could happen to her, a black female, but now she realizes that everyone loses in a Communist Revolution
Respect for her resign with your head held high your awesome the mayor sucks
All these police officers who lost their jobs because of this should come together and start their own private security firm.
Now the council will replace her with someone more 'compliant'.
She has had enough..... I am sending prayers for her and her family.... Hope she gets a great job... Where she is wanted and appreciated... ❤️
Noooo. She was so needed.
Good for her!!! I hope Carmen Best runs for mayor or other political office! 👍👍
WHAT A SHAME! THIS IS PURE EVIL(CITY COUNCIL)WHAT THEY HAVE DONE! I DON'T EVEN LIKE GOING INTO SEATTLE AT ALL! IT'S ONLY GOING TO CREATE MORE PROBLEMS FOR THE WHOLE REGION.
That’s unfortunate and disappointing, she was a great leader and voice of reason..
Maybe Best will run for Mayor.  Maybe. ? ? ?
They should fire the Mayor and counsel behind this disaster. Best was the only voice of reason standing by principles and duties  while the rest politicalsized this and pandering not even knowing what they're pandering top did not do their duty to protect their city or it's citizens. Then give her a pay cut!!!! Just total back stabbing low lives driving out the good over the bad as usual. I don't think it would of mattered if she was black or white but a woman. I've seen these strong hard working principles women before that make others look bad by just doing their job  so they make their job impossible and or throw them under the bus for their own mismanagement. I hope she gets a better offer somewhere else. From what I know things aren't going to go back to normal. Money is going to be moving away from Seattle. They just don't know it yet.
Ask yourself is Seattle run by Democrats or Republicans.
This is the start of getting rid of every officer on the force. Get them all to resign so the city council doesn’t look so bad. I don’t know how this could be a surprise to anyone.
Good Luck for her future, I hope she sues them for making he rjob a hostile environment and untenable to work in
BLM doing what they do best and screwing over more black people.
White Seattle mayor cause black police chief to resign.  Where’s that headline msm?
She has her dignity. Her job has been made untenable and impossible by her wing nut mayor and governor. I hope there are mass resignations of police. When the democrats start to get scared of their own supporters things will change.
I have no simpathy f&@$  her and 12
Wish her the best. She seemed to be the only voice of reality it all of Seattle.
Defund N!@@#!$
She's Probably getting a Cut from the Gangs.i would Bet On it
The mayor is a disgrace.
This is Racism pure and simple they would not have done this to a white person. The council is very racist and went out of their way to drive a black woman out of Seattle. The council went out of their way to shame and embarrass this black woman. They wanted her to be the lowest paid police chief in America  and be underpaid compared to white people racism, racism, racism. Blacks should boycott all  businesses in Seattle.
Seattle Mayor is deplorable and Chief Best is has made a great contribution to the citizens.  This is a waste and hopefully all the Seattle police force quit and let the Mayor do their duties.  The mayor and the counsellors are all disgusting.
The entire police department should simply walk out and quit. Many can simply go out to the suburbs where the will be among a better class of people.  The city of Seattle leadership will reap what they sow. It's time for the good people to move out and leave it too them
If you want to get rid of employees cut their pay to nothing. Despicable people in power. SICK of the race card, always! Stop it! It's not because she is a black female, it's because she is in law enforcement! Period. But keep pumping that hate.
These leftist politicians rake in tax dollars and flip off the tax payers . Talk about greedy politicians. Defund the leftist politicians! What fascist jerks! Saul Alinsky's mom  should have gone to planned parenthood. The world would have been a more beautiful place. We are all brother and sisters in this world but the leftist always try to promote racism to control each group. Wake up people....As comedian George Carlin once said ...there is an elite group of people and You are not in it!
NO WONDER LOOK HOW THEY ARE BEING TREATED  IT IS NO SHOCK TO ME SHE IS SICK OF WHAT IS BEING LET TO HAPPEN & NO JUSTICE I WOULD TELL THEM TO STICK THE JOB UP THERE ASSES
Big loss for Seattle.  To city council reap what you sow.
So one person has honour and integrity left  in Seattle no one is exploring the sacrificial symbolism = she is protecting her citizens and colleagues in blue
They'll be plowing Seattle into farmland soon, just like Detroit and many other once-mighty American cities.
Police, in every part of the world needs simply MORE EDUCATION... even the People + less poverty.
You couldn't pay me enough to be a cop or  public school teacher.
That city council of Looney tunes are going to have to cut a lot of saleries.. their tax base is running for the hills. Another car ty run into the ground by soft on crime leftists. How does your experiment look to you now? Public administration is not a political veiw or a popularity contest. It is an art, a calling and a very complicated job, calling for a dedicated attitude of public service and trust. It takes a strong, moral person who cares about the citizens who are paying them to keep them safe, protect their property and foster peaceful atmosphere for business. A good public servant is a rare thing. Seattle mayor is obviously not capable.
Seattle deserves all the destruction coming their way.  This is Antifa nesting ground.
Can't blame her one bit
Good for chief Best. Anyway, she can look forward to a good retirement funding. Now, let Seattle politics completely destroy the city. There has to be something like this before the city council politicians responsible can be voted out of office. BLM is bogus and still these reporters are not acknowledging that it has been taken over by Antifa and it is an ANARCHIST organization now. But, what more can you expect from reporters these days, and especially in Seattle because there is bias in their reporting.
Tuesday night riot will be the largest in Settle's history with death. Hopefully, the Militia will be out in force protecting the downtown core.
Covid had already increased the amount of people loosing their jobs. The decision made by City Council just make it worst.
Defund the social workers who are rapists and their colleagues who cover up for them.  Social workers have a code of silence about their victims!
I don't think her race has anything to do with her treatment, democrats want to bring down men and woman of law enforcement in several democrat run states/cities, what happens when you defund the police? you lose a whole bunch of good men and woman in blue....
She is basically saying F you libs
Chief Best made a sound choice. City leadership has made consistently and increasingly poor decisions. Not satisfied with siding with the rioters against residents of Seattle, they make bad things worse.  I cannot see how reducing police department staff and huge amounts of key salaries is going to do anything but open the door for Seattle to go down the drain. I'd sure hate to be a police officer there.
I could care less about seattle or the west coast, but when I have seen her on the tube it was obvious she was under a lot of stress and that her hands were tied.  Needing a job and resources that were the carrots dangled in front of her to keep her job she capitulated and allowed the dregs of the city , abetted by the city council , to destroy said city.  This was done in the hope of derailing Trump and pushing for a "democratic socialism" so favored by those who know nothing of history. If they learned history of the world instead of who  is dating who, they would have learned that those who help socialists and commies get power are soon found to be expendable,. Research Mao, Pol pot, stalin, hitler, papa doc, etc wake up citizens of seattle you may be next
This job has been poisoning her. She and all the police didn’t deserve this. What a disgrace ! Again, BLM hurts their own. 😢 That Mayor should be jailed !! I’m so upset I just heard this.
Seattle doesn't deserve her.
I lost all respect for Chief Best when she allowed the police station to be overrun by ANTIFA and BLM.  She caved to a radical mayor and city council.  The Chief should be like the captain on a sinking ship, but she is choosing to get on the life raft and leaving her crew behind.  A true POS!!!!
as she should. if her own major wants the city to burn id leave town too
"Seattle to reduce police force by 100 jobs." I hope these are all beat cops. Get officers off the street. Free the people!
NOBODY should apply for that position
Seattle is a rudderless ship at this point being ruined by Democrats - Trump 2020 or we all will suffer....
I hate to say it but someone has to take the fall, I don't believe at all she's at fault for anything that has happened but that's the cards
Good for you. !   WALK. find a place that will support you. One door close another one opens.  Hold your head high.  Full support  To you. God bless you
The left is eating its own. So Best is a racist, FU clown.
Seattle, You reap what you sow!!!
She got fucked , no cap
Seattle’s problem is it’s voters. They elected foolish incompetent representatives who have proved beyond all doubt they could not run a hotdog stand, never mind a city.
Hey Trump,  I hope you're watching.
There is no doubt Chief Best will be welcomed with open arms and red carpets in any Republican controlled city in America should a similar position become available.
💔 I am so sad this decision is just another political stund
Smh
Liberal media talking heads have it all wrong, they’re so out of touch. It wasn’t because she is black, it’s because the politicians are radical communist trying to start a civil war. It’s an insurgence of of the enemy, a textbook move right our of the Rules For Radicals. If there is a planned invasion by an enemy in the future, this is how they’d soften up the target areas they plan to occupy. The plans the communist have bragged about for years is to destroy America from within so they can just walk in without firing a shot.  Ya, wait until there’s so many cops quitting, not showing up or refusing to answer any calls. You will be on your own Seattle, no trucking or commerce will take place inside city limits, insurance won’t cover them. This city is doomed to burn to the ground if these city and state leaders don’t get voted out.
I would've resigned as soon as the mayor showed their true colors.
I wish her well. She Will be a large asset to any employer.
Mmmm. Seattle soon to become Rainy Detroit
Seattle doesn't deserve a good person like Carmen, I hope she leaves the state.
This doesn't sound racial as the TV people are trying to make it.  Unless the mayor is a racist.  It sounds more like she is sick and tired of not being allowed to do her job.  I don't blame her.  Let the mayor and council figure it out for themselves.
I hope all the cops will walk away from Seattle. The mayor and her cohorts are going to be responsible for the downfall of Seattle
This is disgraceful. Carmen best has had such difficult circumstances and has behaved with ultimate decorum. What a shame and loss for seattle. Shame on BLM city councilors. I can't wait for your day to come mayor durkin ...you dipshit.
Democrats policies do not work
God bless her she was a wonderful chief. Her passion to protect the citizens and those who serve under her was evident.
The news anchors are making it sound like it's about a pay cut..... It's more likely the total lack of support from the City Council and Mayor making it impossible to perform her duties. The reporters fail to highlight the other dynamics that may have led to her decision to resign and automatically looked at it from the identity politics lens. Her being a "black female" had nothing to do with it, I'm sure that if she had been a white male the outcome of the city councils vote would have been the same.  To frame this story this way paints Chief Best as a person who only cares about her own self interest and totally disregards her as a professional who justifiably had other reasons to resign other than her paycheck. Reporters were totally off the mark.
Wow seattle is fucked
I don't which makes me angrier: The power-hungry psychopathic "leadership" of Seattle, or the leftist brain-dead idiots who voted for them. So glad I sold my condo and moved away. Seattle is a beautiful city, but its people are toxic, cold, and crazy.
She’s getting the hell outta that mess. Good for her! Another precinct would be lucky to have her.
She tried to do her job with zero support from Seattle political leadership. This is disgraceful!
QUALITY SECURITY  IS GUARANTEED BY THE CONSTITUTION.
This chief of police have lots of integrity I wish her well
I guess you can’t blame this on racism because isn’t that what Portland has “fixed and corrected” through all of this? I mean after all, BLM is in control up there so we should assume that they have this racism under control.
A very impressive woman  She will bounce back stronger . Good luck to her and her colleagues.
Seattle will collapse without Police. Rule of Law is paramount. They deserve all they get...
The police should never be controlled by politicians...
Good for her. Get the hell out of Seattle while you still can.
She should run for Mayor
It's amazing how one of the most woke cities in the world still has racism somehow..... Good thing Joyce asked the racism question, just keep planting that seed that no matter what you do you'll never succeed in life because of your skin color, great job Joyce
Why does the guy on the phone sound like Fozzy the Bear from the Muppets? Creepy
You are very weak in your position...you dont know who to handle the problem
Shocker.
I hope that she finds a great position in a City that will appreciate her skill
The  problem in Seattle are the criminals are running the government. The Mayor Jenny the Dork and all but one city council person should be arrested for what they have done. Recall them all, The Police should go on strike.
All these Democratic mayors and governors are going to be voted out soon...
Maybe she should run for mayor.  She would be an improvement, but as my dad used to say, that is damning her with faint praise.
If it's any consolation, I am available and not married. Can she cook...? Let me know...
She sees what's up.  She don't want to be killed with the rest of them
Hope she gets a better position somewhere else.
You can't even access the Seattle Police Dept. home page.  It's overloaded with requests.
Her black life apparently didn’t matter.
...because she was on the side of law and order, she was mistreated
You assholes we just lost the best police chief ever jenny durkan you suck ass there is so much i want to say but i have already said too much
Thank you for your service Chief Best.
good for her !!! go somewhere else where she'd be appreciated................
Best DESERVES BETTER!!!
She's a great police chief, Seattle will be sorry they treated her so unfairly. Seattle mayor and their city council are total idiots, you can't fix stupid.
Thank you for trying Carmen !!  May God Bless You!! ❤️
She can't do her job!! This is that crappy Mayor! And lower their pay! Too much abuse!! Don't blame her!!
For her this is opportunity. Form a private security service with former police officers and let the money roll in.
So if she replaced a white woman why on this planet we live on would a disgusting media hack ask that question . Why not ask the appropriate question would this have happened to the previos chief . She replaced the previous chief maybe because she was a blagk woman thereby checking 2 of the SJW buttons for promoting inequality based on sex, race , religion  , and all of the other false reasons for replacing someone . We need to base our choice on people to do a job on who is the best candidate to do the job not this mdethod we are employing which is simply reverse discrimination . When that happens you get friends and family and people that are incompetent buffoons into these figurehead posts .
Good luck to the Chief! Way to go to the "woke" council and mayor treating an African American woman this way. 😡
I was hoping she would hang in there.
Best for Mayor
The anchor and the reporting shows their complete lack of reality on this subject ,the effort to tie this to race ,just shows the media's hand in stoking divisions in the community .Did either of the so called journalists think it might be because the police have been under attack for months from , BLM and antifa ,with no support from the mayor and council ,it's the mayor and council that needs to resign.
The city council needs to have their pay cut.
Let’s be real... the Marxist democrat leadership has vilified police officers and thrown them under the bus. Now they can’t hire anyone new, all those that can retire are running out the door and those left in the middle are looking for anything else they can do to leave or no longer enforcing anything. It will collapse and the citizens will suffer for it. Those are facts. Enjoy the monster you created
Trumpo should RESIGN as well 😖😖!    He’s done absolutely nothing for the country except plunge us into catastrophe!
She would make a great Mayor of Seattle, God Bless her service to America, Hang in there Carmen Best.....!!!!!
God will bless Chief Carmen ten fold.
All a result of Demorat leadership !! Make some changes Seattle !! Law and Order is a staple of any peaceful society !! He said put aside the events of the last 3 - 5 months, THAT IS WHY she is going, no support, undermining of the police, a political agenda which is more important than the lives of people in Seattle!!! On a positive note, I still watch 'Frasier' which helps me think of Seattle as a nice place :)
Great people tend to do what they do, while the rest of egomaniacs criticize.
Good for her!
Translation: things are going to get worse, not better. You can’t cede a city to the criminals- that’s what has gone on here. If police don’t have the support of politicians in enforcing the laws, there’s no point in risking the officer’s lives. That’s why it’s been extremely rare for elected leaders to throw law enforcement under the bus. I disagree, though. Chief Best had more credibility as a black woman, not less. Who would want that job? Who would want to be a police chief in any Democrat run city in 2020. Total capitulation
DISCUSTING  what the hell COLOR  doese  not matter they have done her wrong  im white
The EPA will soon officially declare Seattle, Washington and Portland, Oregon toxic waste dump sites.  The desecration of the two cities has already been realized de facto.  The EPA will simply apply the imprimatur.
Police say, "We can steal, but you can't."  Oh, well. Get a job.
The route Seattle is going all the LEO need to leave and find jobs in other cities.
Police just need to quit taking calls. Show the people who doesn’t support them what it’s like when they don’t support them when they need them
Going to be a disaster on top of a tragedy...wait and see.
This is a tragedy. It’s impossible for her to do her job with the people above her.
I am so sad she is leaving if she is.  Wait for it.  Sad.  Now for y’all on here talking about BLM. Shut up. Keep sitting in your passive aggressive ass, rubber shoe wearing ass. It’s about her and the politics of this government. Wake TF up. Police has been a problem for a very very long time. Government has been a problem for a very very long time. Politics (left or right) HAS been a problem for a very long time.  Ugh 😑.
Seattle's worst!
Chief Carmen Best ... please do not let *anyone* hang the politics on you at all. You gave 28 yrs, time moves on. Bless you Chief Best, and I hope you have the time of your life in your_your golden years. May that be many, I hope you can find your bliss & some happiness. We have been safe in your hands for a long time.
Citizens will have to form militias to defend their homes and kill commies.
Every officer walk in at one time turn in you badges and department issued equipment and just leave. If nothing else , it takes 3 weeks to become a long haul Trucker,  move to MT. ID . Or Wyoming.  Or come down south.
Mayor Gurkin Has done This. She must Be Recalled.jenny Gurkin is A 💩.
MAYBE SHECSHOULD RUN FOR MAYOR
Who the hell would take that job in that sewer.
President Trump should hire her for head of FBI or CIA!!! She deserves it!!!
Does the left have any clue that their anti-police efforts are going to backfire and reelect Trump in a landslide? Not that I'm complaining!! Trump 2020🇺🇸
Good resignation! Let BLM protect the city.
You know what defund the police morons you’ll see all these psycho killers and rapist out and we will see what happens then
When does the useless mayor resign?
Don't blame her in the least.
Gonna be really funny to watch and see what happens when one of these cities does get a walkout of all police. Give it 7 days in a modern metropolis without cops. That's all it will take before this country pulls it's head out of its butt and realizes it's not going to work. There isn't a legitimate business in this country who would keep it's doors open with no law enforcement. No business means no jobs, No taxes, No government at all. What are all these anarchist idiots going to do when the police can't save them from the "second amendment gun nuts" who outnumber them and are ready to shoot to kill? Because they are. They have said as much. It's going to happen. The police somewhere will walk and the protestors are gonna riot and loot and the citizenry isn't going to take it. It will happen.
K was and ok interview untill you keep pushing black and white thing. Just stop unless your trying to become the next CNN.
chief of police is a  coward...good she resigned...
I have had the honor to have met Carmen Best a few times. She is a wonderful person and someone I would  personally trust. Sad to see Seattle push this amazing person out.
Poor Carmen. She never had a chance to do her sworn duty and it probably cut deep watching her officers take abuse at every turn.  Best of luck. I hope the rest of the officers quit in solidarity.
I think all the Seattle politicians need a large pay cut immediately.
Wow... Money money money.... They all are messed up... From the top to the bottom. Seattle is a total loss. Get the demonrats out! Jesus forever! Trump 2020!
I don't blame her for resigning. The mayor and city council prevented her from doing her job properly. It's ironic that with all this talk about social justice and equality for POCs, the liberal city council voted to cut a black woman's salary and put her in a position where she felt she needed to leave her job. What a bunch of hypocrites!
Good for her! She'll be more than welcome in another city that appreciates her!
The military should resign
My nephew is a officer in Seattle he is going to retire and get the hell out of Seattle . The mayor has lost her mind
This is agenda 21 in action, The Demoncrats are Tyrants the biggest tyrant  Inslee!
I don't think its a white/ black thing at all. When are we going to stop making everything racist?
The mayor is gonna win ☹... so upsetting she is an awesome amazing officer
She didn’t. Stand a chance to stay.  The mayor is so ignorant and of course they are dems . What do they want the police to do when they are dealing with rioters
I don't blame her.
After the Police Chief resigns will she join the Peaceful Protesters ??..Just Askin' !!
I'm sure she'll be a welcome addition to the police force in a city that values the contributions the police make to society.
God bless police chief Best God help Seattle now.
Congratulations.  You not only chased away a good cop, but also a black woman.  How progressive.
Does that mean a career "politician" has to LIVE like our forefathers(founders)? Maybe a "responsible "application of the BEST means of personal defense is STILL OUR Second Amendment! (Insurance companies take to long to "pay", and the "interruptions" way beyond a "civil" court.).
Seattle is losing the very best.  It's now third world living conditions.
Well pay cut from 280k to 200k
The mayor of seattle, chicago, new york, and portland have to be put on trial for dereliction of duty.
what a disaster Seattle is, great example of what's to come with Biden if he wins
She is wrong to think it had anything to do with her race. If it was a white male police chief he would have been treated even worse at this point in our history. Furthermore her race is probably the main reason she got the job to begin with.
EVERY COP SHOULD WALK IMMEDIATELY!  LET THE COUNCIL LIVE WITH THEIR DECISION!  THEN SEE WHAT HAPPENS!
If she's smart, she'll be moving out of the Puget Sound area soon too. I sure did.
Rent cost should go down considerably as the crime wave grows strength and people move out.  That's the only good news I could gain from this.
She was awesome
Well when you just pull the rug out from under someone do you honestly expect them to get up and not care about what you just did?
Whose surprised? She's a woman who supports her officers and citizens.  The city council should be ashamed.  Citizens should move out of the state.
Score one for the Socialists [Marxists] politicians.
durkan should be resigning, not Carmen Best. Why is the devil always left standing.
seattle is dying...........here comes the stench.............enjoy,  liberal knobs.
No police chief, no leader can be effective, successful, or happy under the insane, marxist governance of the Seattle city council and mayor, and the Washington governor.   Dems are unfit to govern.
No way !!!
A shock only in their world.
Democrats are destroying these cities
Let that filthy nasty sanctuary City burn to the f****** ground burn in hell you filthy nasty socialist sanctuary s*******
Who pay the City Council and Mayor’s salaries ?   Cut their pays too then.
Have all city police resign the same day. Mayor try to handle that. Then they can join in with other citizens to stop rioting.
Seattle will lose a GREAT leader! Leftists are totally responsible for this. Best of luck to Chief Best.
The City Council wants a more "holistic" approach to law enforcement.  I can't wait to see how that plays out.  The council is full of radical Marxists who want to destroy Seattle and the US.
City council is a disgrace,  not to support the Police and cut the pay , no respect for the Police, Democrats are going to destroy Seattle, crooks will run the city
Wow, the city council & Dorkin Basically kicked her out the door.... This city knows how to chase good cops away.....She's not the first, & won't be the last. They lost ANOTHER" Good One.  They Don't Deserve you Chief. I'm Happy you finally realized it. Let the City Council Gear up
Locals should form a militia and remove these leaders by force.
You fight a good fight Chief Best you are an amazing person. It's a shame the city would not let you do your job! All of those political clowns should be the first to experience the wrath that they've subjected the citizens of Seattle to. They will reap what they've sewn.
I guess the United States Does negotiate with terrorists after all. So much for United anyway. I hope she finds a place that appreciates all her years of experience and training in so many fields… But that will actually back her up. What a failure of loyalty camaraderie and intelligence. Seattle does not deserve her. Can’t wait to see how you guys do without the police there it’s more entertaining than anything on TV right now
Good riddance
No the PD doesn't need a change. The mayor's office and city council need a change
NO SURPRISE! ITS CALLED COMMON SENSE!
Chief don't resign turn the tables on the Mayor the city council and the city attorney for being part of a criminal Enterprise of looters and arsonist. also for destruction of public and private property. They let it all happen by putting the cuffs on you and your officer's and not letting you do your job!
That city needs to vote Red. Vote that POS liberal mayor and council out.
It's about time. She needs to get some mental health care. She is such a moron and an idiot. Good riddance. Now it's time for the mayor to resign. Then vote out the governor
The corrupt Democrat politicians need to go. This police chief was a good public official sorry to see her go
The only person with common sense.  Best should run for mayor.
I have a lot of respect for Police Chief Carmen Best. She will be missed.
She was a black female police chief?!? Wtf doesn't she check all the boxes?
Well that''s it goodbye Washington, you liberal fucktards
Defund city council!
God forbid they have a capable, honest leader trying to do her job.
Good for her! She doesn't need to deal with this BS.   Better things are on the way for her!
I was a little concerned initially that she was a totally PC hire, but she was a real cop. I think too real a cop for the pitiful city council. But I think they would have mistreated any top cop to take the pressure off themselves. We need a new city council.
Come to texas ...boo boo...  I felt so bad about the situation the council put her in .   🥇🥇🥇
Poor police, the rest of them should quit and move to a city that respects them for their work.
Not shocking at all.  They put her in a no win situation.
Are you kidding, singling her out because she's black?? Stop pushing this stuff! In the current climate they would've eaten her alive had she been white!
Take the money and run.
She's a gay
Is this the same Mayor who used the term " a Summer of Love " to describe CHOP ?
So sorry.  I watched her, on FOX news, stand up and speak the truth and she spoke up for her officers. God go with her, lead and bless her in whatever she does next.
The US military has microwave panels that picking used to disperse crowds without hurting anyone. They had them on History Channel they discontinued it all they have to do is open it backup and deploy them. Problem solved no one sticks around no 1 gets her
Perhaps the new Chief will appease the city council and implement the use of nerf guns for less lethal weapons. I can’t imagine anyone in their right mind that would want to take over as Chief as long as the liberal council and mayor exists.
The whole force should do a walk away.
sad
Wow. She was never part of the conversation? Hmm. But it was ok to defund all the other police. Assholes
Welcome to woke culture.
so this worthless meter maid finally quit when they cut HER pay. good riddance. she never should have been there in the first place.
This is a grand and sad loss for Seattle. Many high quality officers will likely follow in the very near future. When did the city council become almighty god?
Surprised??? I feel sorry for her, she knew what she had to do, but they (you know who) tied her hands.What? reduce her pay? All the politicians should have their pay reduced! She should get out now, so she cant be held responsible for the mayhem that will happen again later!
I liked her,,,it's a shame a black person loses her job because of BLM
You don’t seem to want to talk about the professional instigators, Antifa and BLM.  That have destroyed the city.
It’s Seattle. Regardless of who the chief is the political hammer was going to drop. Seattle will be a shitshow.
All in the plan.....
She didn't have a chance with that terrible mayor. Hopefully she is next to resign.
Their loss! Your years of service are greatly appreciated ... especially during this turbulent time ... All the Best!
Fire city council, mayor, governor.....
I hear that commie mayor is going to appoint Raz Simone as the new SPD  chief..
*YEAH! JOIN THE PROTESTS! BURN WHERE YOU WERE EMPLOYED! SHOW THEM HOW MUCH BLACK LIVES MATTER!*
Good for you. Chief ! Like the citizens of Seattle , time to move away !
Seattle people, you need to recall that entire council asap !
The irony here is staggering! The first African/black person to hold this position  was ultimately removed by a supposed movement to help African/black people! WTF🤦🏽‍♂️
She did her best ..
lol....  The left...  Doing what it does best.  Burning themselves our of existence. She told me she is going back to Africa, "where civilization is alive and well."
MAKE THIS WOMAN MAYOR.
You 2 jackasses need to shut up. Go to Hell
she tried, i'd dip out too.  its a lost cause.
Oh well let the SILENT MAJORITY make a profound presence to the mayor to the governor that it’s time for a CHANGE, out with the left wing libs out with ANTIFA and OUT WITH THE MARXIST BLM. The WIND OF CHANGE IS UPON US, The sleeping GIANT IS AWAKE. It’s time to WALK AWAY... prepare for the perfect storm...
Hope all the police walk off the job. To Hell with the city
PRAY FOR THE PACIFIC NORTH WEST!!!
Mayor Jerkins: YOU are a PATHETIC excuse of Mayor! Chief BEST YOU DID EVERYTHING RIGHT!!MAY GOD BLESS & WATCH OVER YOU & YOUR FAMILY! 🇺🇸
Finally something is getting done
CITY COUNCIL *  YOU BLEW  BLEW IT
THEY WILL PROBABLY REPLCE HER WITH ANOTHER COMMUNIST DEMOCRAT!!!  THIS IS SCARY!!  YOU ALL BETTER VOTE 100% REPUBLICAN OR WE WILL NOT HAVE A COUNTRY !!! TRUMP 2020 JESUS IS LORD!!!
one more reason to vote for trump and vote often.
She was worthless anyways just like every politician in Seattle.
I don’t blame her!!!
They need to get a Chief in there that will facilitate the riots not stop them.
Have Pelosi take  the job
Does anybody blame her.
Did the politicians volunteer for a pay cut too?
This is ashame she is the last person that should have resigned  ggrrr
Does she honestly think white male police chief would be treated any differently in the current atmosphere?
This is so sad. That city does not deserve her. Shame on them
You guys just have to make it sexist and racist don't you? You are from seattle, so it's no surprise that you're on that liberal train. This has nothing to do with sex or race. This is basically her being forced out because she didn't fully support and embrace the leftist agenda of the democrat mayor and governor!
Great work BLM and ANTIFA!  Only specific black lives matter right?  \sarcasm
amazing how to destroy the city your sworn to protect, this is insurrection.
Seattle  Remember you reap what you sow.     NOW_______ Criminals take charge!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
So what normal sane person will want to be her replacement, and spend their career kissing commie butt?
I really hope i dont hear she was murdered this is what is happening these days
Are you kidding? This King5 radio person [Joyce] had the audacity to ask Chief Best that question?! "What if you were a white, male police Chief,,,,,,"   King5 cannot resist bringing race and gender into the fray can they! That question was 100% uncalled for and unfair to ask Chief Best.
Give Seattle exactly what they vote for.  Polls for some reason show that the community is behind the defunding... I just hope these blue pill people don't go running for the red areas hoping for refuge.  Let them lay in the bed they made.
She messed up using identity politics at the end. The mayor is female, The city council has women and minorities on it. Not about color and gender.
Get the F out.    Stay out. NEVER COME BACK.
see ya...worthless cop who let anarchy reign in her own backyard. And she's a 30 year cop? How laughable.
maxine waters for mayor.make seattle great again.
Seattle will fall because the only logical person is going to leave im sorry Lord protect Mrs,Best
as usual they haven't thought this through to well.   with the cops gone who will protect the terrorists from American Loving Citizens that are fed up with there demmocommie terrorists hiding behind women and running.. no this will not end well for the demmocommies when the cops are gone
Wait a minute is that the same liberals who said trump is a racist and now they are cutting the pay to a black woman police chief. Wheres BLM? This is a legitimate reason for them.  Oh yeah blm are for defunding the police even if black people are involved.
BREAKING NEWS: Former Seattle Chief of Police Carmen Best will vote for President Trump this November 3rd‼ 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸MAGA4EVA🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
Seattle is the Poster child of what a Radical Racist Marxist. DemoRat town should be! Is this Rabid infection is not Stopped in Nov it will spread worse than Covid-19 but much more Deadlier and thats where the Voters will make a Hugh differance to take back your cities and Country from theses Communist Rat Bastards! We the People Stand United and Will Win in Nov against this Radical Trash! Trump2020'🇺🇸👍
When the Citizens needed her, she was not there.
When listening to Chief Carmen Best, I always felt that she deeply cared for Seattle. It is disappointing that the city government keeps making her job impossible. I do not know how the city or the SPD will move forward after the recent events. Thank you Carmen Best, for being there for us, through everything.
time to move out guys ! Let`s resign !
Sad that the mayor and city council failed to do their job.
GOOD !!!
Why is she waiting???
A female police chief?? Look how far things have sunk.  Mind you, Seattle has had a bad history.
The voters elected these idiots. The voters will get exactly what they deserve. Suck it up you brainless morons.
She is stepping down because she has to work for it now it's no longer worth it because she has to actually do work
This is not a shock to me because why should she continue her job when she is not supported with her far-left Democrats.  It's too bad because Police Chief Best appeared to be trying to do her best under the circumstances.  I wish her luck in the future.
Not a shock at all, I'm surprised she has hung on this long. Seattle deserve what they get thanks to a limp city council. Let lawlessness run rampant,, it won't be on Carmen Best's watch.
When can she run for Mayor?
What a shame. Good luck to her-she did a great job
Mayor Durkin should resign, her summer of love turned into a summer of hate, the chief of police did a great job with her hands tied behind her back, she is the best thing that ever happened to Seattle, God bless you chief Best.. Chief best is a class act, Mayor Durkin and the city council should ALL RESIGN..
This is why ideologues should remain at think tanks and media outlets.  Trying to govern requires practicality and flexibility and being willing to compromise a little to get a little.  No one should be allowed to have all their demands met all the time.
Going to be interesting for Seattle in the coming months.
She would be just the latest black victim of the BM.
Why is everyone so shocked? Seattle is the WORST place for law enforcement to feel safe and supported by the city. Chief Best works hard with care and common sense and Seattle doesn't deserve her. Now you all go eat your granola.
Wait a minute. All police matter now?
Duck, duck, duck.....about time, she was horrible at the beginning....middle....and now a quitter to boot. Goodbye from Florida. And take those stars off, you never deserved them.
Chief come to Texas or some other states.  You'll get support.
Well, she's no commissioner Gordon, but she did seem to sincerely care about the sad state of affairs in her city. Her upline executive tied her hands behind her back so she couldn't do much about it. If anybody deserves an unannounced pay cut, it's Durkan.
Who is going to want to lead SPD after all this craziness?  Anyone who does I would immediately suspect that person's qualifications or motivations.
You are shocked?  You are truly dense!  She can't do her job and they are defending police.  Why would you stay!
We love you !God will open another door for you and the best one thank you for your service❤️
NOT one person would blame THE POLICE CHIEF SHEhas had enough they will not let her do her JOB
Defund the council!
Wow this is sad. But not surprising.
The mayor is STUPID!
The mayor better be charged and put in fn prison !
This is terrible!!!! Sometimes a ladies got to do what a ladies got to do!!!  Please come down to Mississippi, we welcome strong black women.
I don't blame her and the rest of the Police force should follow her.  If you live in Seattle, I hope you've been preparing for life in "CHAZ" everywhere.  You get the government you voted for...I wish you all luck.
Instead of defunding the police let’s defund the politicians who failed at their jobs to protect American citizens.
Every police officer should resign.
How do I know that Chief Carmen Best is a great woman? The council doesn't like her and that's all I need to know.
Time to move away from Seattle and go to a better run state. I am sure lots would take you Immediately.
Liberals...destroying cities since 3000 bc.
Why is she trying to be white
Awesome.  1 Down, 1 to go.  Durkan is next!
Turn your city to rubble, then somehow manage to make it worse?  Good job, Communists!  Congrats on living the dream!
The summer of love became the summer of destruction, depression, and death. She was the only voice of reason we had. Now what?
W W G1 W GA
Good for her... hopefully she becomes a voice against the clown shoes that ruin our state.
I have more respect for Chief Best now then I did when she disagreed with her disgusting Mayor! The politics of Seattle's Mayor and the city council are horrible. AND I don't think it's about skin color or sex!  It's about Democrat destruction of the city! So stop making it about race. It's not!
So wrong. She is the only logical person in Seattle. Sad that a bunch of spoiled rotten “kids” pushed her out of her job...and the community let it happen. Shame on you Seattle-just lost strong leader. 😔
For all you Biden2020 supporters: Ya Vote 4 "Beijing Biden" and the rest of the "Liberal Democrats" so we can "hold hands" and do the "love hug" and try to win over criminals and the Chinese Communist Party while we drink the "Kool-Aid" and "Sing Kumbaya"! The "New Liberal Democrat Way of Fighting Crime in America"! So let the democrats defund and dismantle the police! The voters will get what they deserve a state and a city full of criminals and all the businesses will relocate to the red states within red cities! Welcome CHAZ/CHOP the land of confusion your forefathers brought to Seattle!
The powers that be in charge over her are ass wipes and feel most holy in their own minds. It's like they tied her hands and feet together , put a rock around her neck . and put a gag in mouth and then threw her off the pier. And then screamed , swim swim what's the problem. Just call out for help if you need(oh yeah theu forgot aboit the gag). To her i say job well done and you have.shed yourself of the stink of them.👮👮👮👍👍👍
They need to get rid of that horrible Mayor, Jenny Dinkless Durkan.  Jenny Durkan is an incompetent disgrace to the people of Seattle.  One of the worst Mayor's in America.  The people of Seattle need to punish the current Mayor with their votes.  Another bad mistake.  Just absolutely disgusting what they've done to the Seattle Police Department and Chief Best.  Many a city and town in America would appreciate and treat Chief Best and the police so much better than these Commie's in Seattle.  They should go where they are appreciated.
I hate King County and Seattle.
Wish her the best, hope she finds peace and something she can enjoy!
If you study Leninism/Stalinism/Marxism just prior to the genocide of from 50k to 100k undesirables, the police were eliminated. Search for movies based on real life stories and YouTube videos on Yugoslavia (1990's), Ukraine (Kulaks), China (Mao). Amazon has a movie called "Tortured for Christ" and this will give you an excellent idea what you can expect AFTER the police have been eliminated.
Seattle is going to burn down to the ground like an pre future Armageddon movie.its sick
What happened to the lib utopia?
This is bad. So...does the protesting end then? They got what they wanted.Can they now go home?
It must be trump's fault. I'm sure the MSM will find a way to blame trump.  When the national guards go in that's when the MSM will blame him.
In filtration is the word. Hang on people evil is here.
C’mon! Let’s get another blue flu going!
Defund the council
It is sad that pandering and cowardly politicians and bureacrats bowed downed to marxist rioters and destroyed your police force. How you can even pretend that a mess like Seattle can function with less protection is beyond reason and innocent people will pay- Like usual.
Escape 🐐 chief. POLITICAL. RUN FOR MAYOR?
Watching from afar: The Self Destruction of Seatle. Images of violence, homelessness, Marxism as it relates to Seattle have travelled the world.
File charges against city council and mayor... Obstruction of Justice and aiding and abiding.
When women are in charge they can sure mess things up!
KING 5 SUPPORTED RIOTS AND TERRORISM. DO NOT FORGET
This story is sad. She should run for Mayor and shed light on Seattle's corrupt and hypocritical politicians.
Seattle dont learn. Burn in hell Seattle. LOL.
The lawless left doesn't even try to hide their deep-seated disdain for the rule of law anymore. The elections are less than 90 days away and *THIS* is the strategy Democrats are going with to beat Donald Trump? Well good luck with that one, morons! *TRUMP=JOBS* *BIDEN=MOBS*
You gotta problem Seattle.
I do not blame her and although I am sure she doesn't want to leave Seattle area, I am sure any Republican governed city would love to welcome her.  It makes me sick to know Inslee and Durkan are refusing to protect the people of Seattle. They need to be held responsible for their extremely poor, if not criminal, decisions.
She was making $120,000 a year.   I wonder how much they cut her pay.
An excellent police chief. We need you, but understand why you’d resign.
Shows the true intent of the city council and the mayor, seattle will get what it deserves.
You get what u vote for. Hope Seattle burn 2the ground.
THE GOV AND THE MAYOR ARE WEAK !
They ran off the black female chief in Portland not long ago too
Washington citizens need to wake the hell up and get rid of the liberal governor and all mayors and vote in conservative leadership. The bs protesting has been allowed to reach riot levels with abandon. Police precincts taken over, people killed, police hurt and business owners wiped out with no protection from our leaders. Dump the whole lot of them, they are worthless!
She was pushed out. She didn't agree to their agenda. I respect her emensely. Come to Nevada, we'll respect you.
Aside of all the bad news, Best has the prettiest mouth on planet earth!
HAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Why would you even ask her about race or sex. When it was about her stepping down. FOX or CNN daily race baiting just has to be in the program.
BLM will be next Chief in Seattle
Good for her. Vote in more trash, Seattle.
WOWMEN ARE FUCKEING EACH OTHER OVER  HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHahAHHA  THATS HOW THEY LEAD  " OMG YOUR TOO PRETTY  PAY CUT
God Bless Ms. Best....one sorry state of affairs!  RIP Seattle!!!
No one should empathize with violence, especially if you are a police chief. Not saying she did but that was the woman commentators take.
Good let Seattle rot along with that idiot mayor. This just shows if you loot and burn down the city you win in Seattle a Democratic city.
God bless her for trying and caring without the support of the mayor of city council.  Their loss but that's the way they want it.  They treated her awful since the love feast started.
I hope the rest of the Seattle police officers leave.
Good job Seattle.  You did it, you got rid a black woman in a high position.
MY FATHER DONALD J TRUMP........ AND SENATOR ERWIN TRUMP...........   (  SENATOR WILAYAH INDEPENDENT  )..............
Will those on the city council also be taking a cut in pay, I ask while already knowing the answer!
Seattle is a joke they need absolute no police so that city burns in like a months max
Voting fraud has already started
How disgusting the media is. Make everything about race. Their council backs the blm and antifa who hate cops. You really think, in this current climate, that a white male police chief would of been treated better? Disappointed that she didn't refute that narrative because it demeans the fact that she got the job out of merit and hard work. Race baiting adds fuel to the flames that engulf the anti free speech and democracy ideology that wants to burn America to the ground. Wish the media would stop being so lazy and pathetic just to justify their agenda.
ANTIFA5 must be celebrating! More riots on the way .
That city council is ridiculous.... and should resign....
She can go where She CAN Make a DIFFERANCE! She DESERVES BETTER! GOD BLESS Her SUCCESS 🇺🇸🇺🇸🙏🇺🇸🇺🇸🙏🇺🇸🇺🇸🙏
Seattle is going to burn down to the ground like an pre future Armageddon movie.its sick
The Seattle mayor is so stupid
Brave woman. God bless her and her family. She must move out of that city. BLM will hurt her.
Well good job Seattle you just lost a fantastic police chief.  What a horrible mayor and city council Seattle has now. Shame on you all for allowing this to happen
Maybe it's for the Best.
No police will increase crime, time to protect yourself
Things are about to get really bad maybe they did her a favor!!!
Seattle needs a new mayor - Carmen Best.
wopw city falling apart and we find a woman is in charge of the POLICE  hahahahahahhahahahhaha   LOL
CHIEF BEST SEMPERFI YOU ARE A TRUE LEADER WHO STOOD BY TOUR TROOPS! I SALUTE YOU!
How sad! She was a class act, fantastic leader, very passionate about work, really cared about  her force, professional. The City Council, Mayor Durkin and the governor should all be impeached, or go to jail. Don’t vote for these idiots!
You people in Seattle are absolutely out of your minds. Chief Best blaming her treatment on racism is ridiculous. Seattle is a nest of raging leftists. Leftists see racism everywhere. No her treatment is precisely because Seattle is a nest of raging leftists. Leftists eat there own. Leftists do not believe in personal responsibility. Leftists do not believe in punishing crime. Seattle voters created this cesspool. Learn to live in it.
Wow she was good at standing up for the police its such a shame. The Seattle people need to rise up and kick the city council out and mayor and governor.
Seattle city council is far left Democrats and socialist. There's your racism problem in Seattle.
Lmaoo R.I.P. Seattle, from a FORMER resident.
That's bad. She's great.
So unfortunate. They don't deserve her!! Once she's gone, she will be free to tell ALL!! Chief Carmen Best, Texas would love to have you!! We honor, respect, and support all of our law enforcement officers!!🇺🇸 God Bless you.🙏🏻
Have you seen the costs for getting a U-Haul Rental trailer out of Seattle or Portland versus the rest the country?
I am so glad I left that cesspool
Sad..this city has gone to the dogs..Seattle u better stand up to this or ur cowards. now is the time for good people to fight back..
what do you expect? just another democrat mayor running a shithole city
This is an example of how the democrats tokenize people to get more power for themselves then let those people they tokenize to die. Democrats have always been the racist; from the assassination of Abraham Lincoln and Martin Luther King to the creation of KKK and now the push to communism and the abolishment of the police. These people are trash
Seattle city council & mayor are obviously extremely racist. I hope all Seattle's police will  resign. Then seattle can truely experience what they voted for and hold so dearly.
I hope the city council need the Police sometime....oh wait there is no Police....
If I were an officer, I’d depart with my Chief.
We all have a breaking point
maybe she starting new job replacing chris wrey,wouldnt that be karma
Inept Mayor Durrr-kin and the Seattle City Council should all be brought up on charges for being a danger to the citizens of Seattle. Inslee is a failure! RIP Seattle, once the greatest city in America.
Seattle is on its way to becoming the current Chicago! Looks like the "CHOP" got what they wanted.
She can take that stupid assed mayor with her!!!
NO WOMAN SHOULD LEAD MEN.
White Democrats - taking out black jobs since 1861.
Sawant and the council, along with du(r)nkin the  mayor, are killing Seattle. GO BACK TO INDIA, TAKE EM WITH U, IF YOU HATE AMERICA SO MUCH.
This female anchor is full of identity politics, isn't she?
Those poor buggers on the front line.  Its now up to decent citizens to step up and say something en masse
Citizens MAN UP and recall your city officials
Seattle is a pedo city, the whole world is watching.
This what the people of Seattle wanted. A mayor and city council that don't care about the city or the people. I sincerely believe this is a sad day for Seattle. God Help Us All. It's going to take a miracle to save Seattle. Wake up Seattle.
City council's used to go to their Chief of Police for advice, now all they do is tell the Chief what to do and do not give respect to the position. I do not know much about her nor her policies However the fact that she has been there almost 30 years she's committed to the department and I'm sure it pains her to see what they have been through and where they are going just like it does for anyone who has a career in law enforcement.
Wow crazy
Sadly, good for her.  Seattle, and soon Washington State will fall.
i say the entire spd force quit and see how fast they beg them to come back. once the mob steps foot on the mayors lawn she will sing a different tune
What a shame that this City Council cut her paid while claiming BLM support...
Thank you. GET HER OUT.... BYE 🙌🏾🙌🏾🙌🏾🙌🏾... U allowed ur officers to put people in the hospital and u said not one word about people losing eyes being shot for no reason or FLAT out abused by UR officers. And u allowed 45 to bring FEDS to the peaceful riot for those who did come in peace
Good Riddance. Too long in position and lost in a time warp. Bye Bye Biatch.
Poor woman! That la la land mayor has a lot on her conscience. She's hurting and damaging a lot of lives. It will get her eventually, because what goes around comes around
Democrat run cities are all shitholes...all you good people should leave and the leftists eat themselves and rot in their own hatred.
Who are they kidding, are they implying the radical anti white patriarchy lunatics running the city are abusing her because she's a black woman?  They're logic is because police chiefs weren't treated like this in the past she's being mistreated because she's a black woman?  When in the history of this nation have we had a communist revolution taking place with the full backing of the Democratic party?  Of course no police chief has ever been treated like this before.
Looking from afar, in due course this lady will become a darling of history.
Stop speaking BS she's leaving as she has no support from the council, it's not just about the money!
This woman protected antifa for years, she knows something terrible is about to happened soon because chop/Chaz failed to redrum commie trash in order to make trump look bad... it’s best to cut ties now and not get blamed for the carnage.
all donald dumb fault
She had to Go! The old Guard must GO.!
I HAVE SOOOO MUCH RESPECT FOR YOU CHIEF BEST!! YOU & SEATTLE DESERVE BETTER!! 🇺🇸 SEMPER FI 🇺🇸
Marxist sympathizers.
My bet?  They hire the replacement and it's a person with zero law enforcement background....probably just a social worker over the age of 50, who is a minority.
I don't blame her one bit. She should tell Jerkoff and Sawant to kiss her ass.
What you need is to chuckle is these city council member’s faces come election time..and all remember the names and faces..where ever they end up..and chuckle again....never forget..and chuckle is their faces
People better abandon Seattle because it's going to become Dodge City pre-Wyatt Earp. Looking forward to seeing Antifa and BLM invading counsel member's homes  and elimnating those peole like their Communist counterparts did in Russia in 1917
She was the only one in Seattle trying to do the right thing but the democrats wouldn’t let her.  God Bless You Chief Best!
What do you want to bet that the next chief will be either a white man, a white female or a black man? A black woman will NOT be next!
The politicians in these big cities are wanting all this chaos to drive property value down & people to move out. After they get all the land bought they think they can get the companies to come.
The Summer Of Love Mayor should resign as well.
Tell her to get out of the West! It's uncivilized out West.
So sad.  Chief Best has a lot of heart.
Moron Durkan should try running the police department herself.
I'm not trying to over-represent my opinion but everyone I talk to has no sympathy for the northwest. You get what you vote for. No one is crying for Portland or Seattle. Watching the NW devour itself has become a spectator sport. A city that has a statue of Lenin deserves no mercy and no mercy will be given. Cheers from suburban Pennsylvania
Their loss. I’m sure another city will be more than thrilled to have her.
Carmen Best... You go.. and take your best officers with you.  I am sure the job offers will be pouring in.      Your hands were tied and you gave it a valiant try... but you can NOT reason with unreasonable people.        Leave with your head held high. Many of us are proud of you.
She should run for mayor.
They’re shocked!? Insert shocked pikachu meme here for all the dems clamoring for defunding.
Our families hearts go out to her and wish her the best of luck we are truly sorry for a great loss, 😢😢😢😢
The people 8f Seattle vote for theses politicians so they get what they deserve. ......Seattle city of fools run by fools.
The city council and the Mayor are  taking this city down all of them need to be replaced. The SPD deserves to have there current salaries if anything they deserve a raise with the garbage they have had to deal with. Im sorry to see her leave.
These cops don't need this sh**. Their on their own. I hope all the cops leave.
Not good to see honorable officers resign. They'll be replaced with antifa personnel.
Thank you for your service, Police Chief Carmen Best.  & goodbye to the only adult in Seattle's  leadership.
Man...Seattle's gonna become a shithole under Democrat management...
Just me , but why did she not just go and arrest the city council for treason?
The governments responsibility is to provide security for its citizens.   If they can't do that, then they are good for nothing else.  City council has more concern for criminals than business owners.  They will learn.
I definitely can't blame her, may God bless her footsteps 🙏
she's the only relative voice of reason in this disaster of commies, america-haters, incompetents, clowns, and traitors. drop my pay by 40% in an obvious play to oust her and i'd be gone, too. this is a big win for the council, who i'm sure won't allow anyone other than a flat-out crony to take the spot.
Seattle is a failed city.  After these Democrats have fully ruined the town, expect them to come in and buy up the real estate on the cheap.
Good she should get out of there come over to our side she got a fat ass pension I'm sure she'll be good
I am so disappointed and saddened by her treatment by the crazy city council of Seattle.  I hope she sues the city for gazillions!
She should have arrested the Mayor for telling them to stand down ... and told her force to save the city and to remember the oaths they took... the leadership failed from top to bottom.. but if daddy fed came in it would have gave the media just what they wanted... and the left would have ate it up... how many lives might have been saved... we will never know... that city may never recover... some Utopia ...
Great Job BLM
In my opinion, it's William Gates, and Jeff Bezos fault for not intervening. The 2 richest men on the planet, and they stay silent.😡😡😡
Criminals need the police gone because they stop them from breaking the laws
How tragic! The woke fools need her more than ever! She will be welcomed in some sane non-woke self destructive states.
At some point in the near future, the businesses of Seattle are going to say "enough."
It’s because she’s black, and female? I don’t get it. Pretty sure they hate all police equally. Only thing they left out was religion. The media has gotten so ridiculous. That’s all you can think to ask, “do you think it would be different if you were a white male” outrageous, this is where we’re at?
Chief Best was one of the BEST things to ever happen to Seattle.  They are officially doomed now.  Any police agency would be lucky to get her - she fought like hell for a city that clearly doesn't deserve her.  What the mayor and city council have done is reprehensible and the once beautiful Seattle may never recover.
I don't know, you ask me. WOmen shouldn't even be police chief in the first place. But yes, seatle is a sh*t show. Look at the vidoe seattle is dying.
She may be running for a political office  in the  future.
So black lives matter
Seattle you lost a good one!! Get a handle on your city  leaders. You (media) were against her now you are trying to make this a race issue....sham on you!
looks like the commie minority groups are winning ,more police are needed ,or bring in the military and give them a free hand
That is bull$hit.  The whole story that a white woman would get paid more is idiocy.  Come on.  They have been wanting to defund the police dept.  STOP BRINGING IN race and gender.  HAS NOTHING TO DO WITH THAT.  She's a cop and they hate cops. PERIOD!
If they don’t give you the tools, how are you suppose to do your job? Time for her to move on to something better.
DEMOCRATIC CRIME WAVE.
BLM ....  sacrificing a " Not Black Enough " Police CHIEF  ....  ?
Only the MSM (Marxist Stalinist Media/Mob) and their local 'Tass' operation KING5, would try to insinuate that a white male police chief would somehow have been treated better than Chief Carmen Best as a Black Woman in THIS SITUATION and THIS SOCIAL CLIMATE with THIS LEFTIST KOOK CITY COUNCIL and the people who are now REALLY calling the shots in Seattle which are the terrorist organizations BLM and Antifa.  Get real!  King5 must really think we're imbeciles.   The ONLY reason Chief Best was NOT THROWN UNDER THE BUS EARLIER by THIS city council of reprobates is BECAUSE SHE IS A BLACK WOMAN.  Which is not to say Chief Carmen Best was treated well by this morally bankrupt city council.  She was not!  Chief Best handled herself with dignity and class through the whole ugly mess and no one could blame her for wanting to wash her hands of the worthless lowlife Mayor Durkin and the broken WOKE idiots of the Seattle City Council.  No reasonable people or businesses will be staying in Seattle with this crew and their terrorist overlords running the place.  Why would reasonable people or businesses stay in Seattle under these circumstances?  Like other Democrat ruined cities, Seattle has been in decline for some time, and this summer was just the tipping point.  On U-halls web site a rate check for this month from Seattle to Boise for a 26' truck is $1,600.00.  The same truck to move from Boise to Seattle is $119.00.   This is because there's a shortage of trucks in Seattle since people are fleeing the city and it's lawless toxic culture in droves.  Leaving Seattle is 13 times more expensive than moving into Seattle.  I expect it to get much worse as more people get their affairs in order to flee the Democrat created, Leftist sinking ship that is now Seattle.
I lived in the Seattle area for a period of time. Frankly, if Seattle goes to hell, I have no sympathy. You've made your bed, now lie in it. Chief Best, you've done your best, now get out of that cesspool.
This is heart breaking. She seems to be the only person fighting for Seattle while local Government decided to neglect its citizens. The Mayor and Governor should be the ones resigning or impeached to be honest. Seattle does not deserve Carmen Best.
Not a shock really. These lunatics in the city council are on an express elevator straight to hades. Not to worry though, They’ll probably hire that amateur rapper dude who  was in charge of “security” for CHOP as her replacement.
They still bowing to the anarchists!!! Make the police chief Mayor and get rid of Jerkin!!!
WHERE the hell is the DIVERSITY in this 'city'..?  I see on the screen what is there.  THIS is the reason for the ineptitude.  Racism and Nepotism breeds failure and corruption.  Lori Lightfoot is another shining example.... plus she looks like Beetlegeuse on moonshine.  NO bailouts for THEIR intentional failures..!!
Her Black life matters ?
Leftist neo-racists force a black woman in a high ranking position to resign do to their morals. It’s sad that the city council has less moral integrity her. It’s clear that the city of Seattle does not have the moral integrity of this woman.
The city is being destroyed by thugs......cut 100 officers from the force. WTF do you think will happen now ? less chaos and crime ? What bubble do these idiots live in ?
The Seattle mayor seems racist
Everyone saying how bad the City Council is, but they'll vote for them again because all they know how to do up here is vote Dem.  They wouldn't vote Republican if you held a gun to their head.  Then when they've had enough, they move to Texas, Arizona or Florida and turn those States into Dem shitholes.
Seattle pd has been kicked around by the city council and its citizens...just do some reaserch...the people voted that council and previous councils and mayors...so stop whining and vote them the fk out...
Seattle is so disgusting
Hey Seattlers, here's an easy one for the new po-lice cost cuttin' you Seattler's are up to: Ready? Get ol' Dunkin' Durkan to do BOTH!... Heyo!... Jus' saved ya' Seattlers a ton an'...won' ol' Dunkin' look good in the Chef's lid? An' since ya' gots less Po-Po now...she jus' gotta wear her uni'...an' walk aroun' talkin' crap all day...Y'alls welcome...hahaha
It really should not have been a surprise to anybody that poor woman went through a lot of crap and it’s a surprise that she resigned you must be an effing idiot
Escape from Seattle.
Police are more likely to be conservative.  That's why the attack on the police
I feel bad for the people of Seattle. She seems very level headed and competent. Can't say the same for others in that area.
Get rid of the City council and Mayor.
All law enforcement in Seattle should have some self-respect and quit en masse. Let the people of Seattle live by their decisions.
What a way to fail forward!
The Best person in Seattle just resigned. Soooo glad I moved out of Seattle a few years back. Bums, violence, SJW’s...Just gross!!!
"An appeaser is one who feeds the crocodile, hoping it will eat her last" W Churchill. She painted herself into an impossible leftist corner. As is their way the left eventually called for her head, because they know they can have it. She made her bed, now she will die in it.
they kill the city then leave it
The cops should refuse to protect the Mayors and councilors  areas where they live .
Seattle is a JOKE! Their city council is a JOKE!! Mayor Jenny Durkan is a JOKE and needs to resign along with city council. Burn the whole dam city down for all I care.... hopefully the law abiding citizens will move. Turn Seattle into CHAZ and let them run wild into the ground!!!!
I respect that lady.  Seattle's loss!
Maybe Durkan can recruit someone from CHOP.
Good for you chief Best you tell them to go F themselves!  Any precinct in a rational minded city would hire you in a minute. You have a lot of class and the patience of a Nun!  You should not feel singled out. The Seattle city Marxists would have treated anyone in your position with the same disrespect.  Don’t let it give you a complex. Any other chief would have been scratching their head thinking wtf as well. The Best of luck to you!  Thank you for your service chief!
Who is shocked that this police chief or any other police chief in these riotous  cities would retire early or quit it's not a shock to me at all. I hope police officer best goes to a city somewhere else that would appreciate and love to have a police officer like her. She and other police officers deserve better like I said a million times get rid of the corrupt police but let's take care of the good police that love us and care about us and leave their families and risk their lives every day to save ours
I think the whole of Seattle PD should go on strike till they get rid of the Mayor and Governor. and be supported by the Police union and other Police departments of the whole country.
I’m sure a lot SPD officers probably quit too. My advice to the people in Seattle, this is the time use your 2nd amendment.
I don't blame her...
Who wants to join the police in Seattle? I can see lots of officers packing it in.
Everybody thats normal should work together to leave the west coast..this place has become hell and is under siege from inside and outside forces this is the Mecca of the end times
When the people get sick of the rioting and violent's they will tare and feather all those Government officials with the rest of the freaks on the streets. The people are going to rise up and these people causing this are not wanting to be in sight when it happens.
he I hear the airport is hiring skycaps
Seattle is going to burn itself down.
Everyone will rue this day that criminals too over Seattle with all of this ANTIFA BLM crap
Thanks for your services Chief Best!! Respect!
Not a surprise!  Good for you Chief!  Good luck in your next chapter.
I hope the people on the city council is happy.. so wrong. On are way to be Chicago and Detroit.  Cant believe it so sad😭
This has got to be a horrible decision by the City Council of Seattle. They have turned one of the Best cities in the Nation....😤😤😤
Hopefully all the police will quit and Seattle will eat it's self.
We stand by you chief resign and go to a better state or county. Inform your officers before hand that the pay won’t outweigh the risk they take on a day to day basis that they too should resign! We welcome you with open hands here outside.
That’s tragic, I’m a liberal but I don’t condone the city counsel with their decision!!  I don’t know what their problem is but the city counsel is disgusting!  My heart goes out to chief Best.
We'll see her on fox ripping Seattle leadership a new one.  Chasing off the black woman. Racist white Seattle
She has been the one constant for law and order. She should be the one to remain and the council members should be removed for giving in to the lawless mobs.
She tried to serve and protect and they treated her with disdain. Godspeed, Chief Best. You are an impressive woman. You did what you could. The world is going mad. You deserve better.
Don't be surprised if the entire SPD  walks.
It's the city's loss!
LMAO
Good job Seattle, now you can start worried about your life? Seattle police Carmen best make a good decision, because the mayor just throw her under the bus? Now everyone see why the former chief of police don't want to work under the new mayor I think back in 2017 If I'm not mistaken.
Sad to see an actual sane person from Seattle leave.  Don’t blame her, though. This sucks
Seattlites, *PLEASE* research how your counsel members voted on these issues and respond appropriately on election day. Don't vote uninformed. You NEED to know what these people in office are doing to you city.
Too bad she always struck me as a nice lady doing a tough job. I thought she cared about her men and women. But if you do not get backing you have to leave. This in it's self is a crime. Where is BLM now when a black woman is victimised. Liberals out. I thought Republicans were against women now it seems the Democrats are the women haters. They will hire a coward like the Houston Chief of Police.
it's time to take seattle back, seattle.
So black lives matter, but not for police chiefs. Got it.
defund city counsel
First this, first that.. how about the one and only one that ever died for all the sins of rotten people
To be honest, I believe the liberal government in Seattle want's to de-fund the police because they wasted the people's tax money and is going broke.
Wishing her the best!
WHO CAN BLAME HER!!
Radical leftists are eating themselves alive.  She was doing the best she could with her hands tied
BLM and Antifa are killing blacks. The first black female chief of police is resigning because of them. Who’s the racist?
Seattle mayor should be drug through the streets
I hold the useless moron Seattle City Council for ALL the crime that takes place as of now defunding the worst crime City in Washington state...just Google the pay scale for these City council sewer rats...big bucks for a bunch of stupid morons...we need to defund the sewer rat Seattle City Council....pathetic
Yep, it’s tough at the top. Especially if you have to deal with fellow Democrats who are perfectly happy to stab you in the back.  Democrat policy - Black jobs don’t matter.
Why would it be a shock?
That sucks but i dont blame her  These PDX and SPD are gonna be scarred for life.. Thats the intention of antifa and BLM
Watching this from Australia is sad. I don't know what she is planning next I pray for her.  These members in councils and that need there personal security removed.
STOP POLICE protection for the horrible Mayor & gov.!
Liberal stupidity called a City Council at its worst!
They should be defunding the city council and cutting their salary. It's them and the mayor that's allowed things to get to this stage NOT the police.
Is this going to be another excuse to loot and burn buildings?
They will reap the day they got rid of the police because the left is trash
This breaks my heart, she’s been an amazing police chief who was always trying to handle the worst situation. We need to stand together and defend our city from these psychopathic communists running our city and our state.
enjoy it Seattle
Wait till you see how this works out.......
I can’t believe these two are surprised the mayor was undermining the chief from day one
Police Cheif Carmen Best. You are working 30 years in Police nad that is great ,but what they did cuting police money 50 % is unreal  when in City is many months riots and looters and violence.  Toomas Argel 22 years securty quard in Estonia-Yes it is other side globe but I care for jutice and saftey.
City council members should step down.  They destroyed everything in Seattle. Mayor herself who should resign. If in the beginning she used national guards, things wouldn't become like right now.
This is the left eating the left,  If your in the wrong place you get knocked off.
I can see why because the government and mayor is a joke
Dun dun da duh lun dan da da da!
Welp, the council can start re imagining policing starting tomorrow.  Good for her.
So sorry, Chief Best. We will miss you.
My heart goes out to her.  However, I think it was the best personal move for her even if it breaks her heart.  May The Lord Bless Her❤🙏
White white white GET OVER IT!  ENVY is RIDICULOUS! Success is on YOU & not your color. EXCUSES.  Most all worked there BUTTS off for little they have.
Teachers have been taking pay cut after pay cut for years. Teachers will spend money out of their own pockets to try and make sure the students have the supplies they need. As soon as a cop gets a pay cut they walk off the job. Shows you who is really here to serve and protect.
Oh lord, blame it on the skin color. God the media is really tainting the minds of people. even the news media is racist.
I have to say, if Portland is doing anything correct.  It is that they are finally, putting a salary cap on Govt. workers.  Not like California, where the power's at be are still getting more and more and giving themselves 300% pay increases in OT!!!!!  Think about the extra hour's they are approving themselves, with no one to stop them and no accountability.  Portland is touching on a very specific topic and egregious pay to Govt. employees.. I can only hope, this idea catches on.
She will run for Mayor and win.
No one can blame her! Her hands were tied behind her back....I hope more follow her!!!
It's a man
defunding police is not going down well eh....?? nothing to do with race is it...lets hear it from her..not from u!!
Carmen you should not resign! That is really stupid.  God will give you what you need if you’ll pray with your police department!  I pray for God to take over and win!  We rebuke in the name of Jesus the Seattle Council!  this is not of God and is of the devil.  We pray that this evil plan and plot would fail in Jesus blessed and holy name.  We pray that the police would be honored and cherished.  God wins and we proclaim the devil loses.
guest democrap cities don't care about blacks in employment only Marxist BLM
I wanna support Carmen Best even I not living USA and are not American citizen -because  solved that big mess in Seatlle City " CH0P" carnival  area.
My best to Chief Carmen Best.. rest easy and stay safe.
I would not blame any of the officers if they walked away from the dump!!!
Good for her, get away from this lunacy
She really cared about Seattle. Go somewhere where you'll be appreciated.
I feel sad for her. She was an asset to the department and the Black community. I am to the point where I can no longer celebrate when my hometown of Seattle or my current city of Portland get a Black woman chief because it never ends well. I'm 43 years old and I was in high school when she started patrolling my neighborhood, and during that time it was pretty crazy out there. My cousins and I weren't hardly allowed to do anything lol. But for me to be a middle aged adult now it feels like an entire lifetime that she's been with the SPD. And it's sad to see how women chiefs are always treated. She has always been highly respected in our community. But gentrification came along so it's really not our community anymore. My grandma bought her house there 70 years ago and we were the last Black family on our block when my auntie sold the house and moved out of the neighborhood around 8 years ago. The climate had become less than welcoming.
She's absolutely  right no longer suffering under idiots! Best of luck looking in a brighter future!
I hope she gets a job that pays 10 times what she made at PPD.
Take your retirement and walk away they have no respect for you or any of the police department.
She should have resigned months ago, when they made it impossible for her to stop the riots.
Every cop should walk away...claim PTSD...and let the chips fall where they may.  When you have no backing, no support AND they want to cut pay....screw them!  I have never in my life seen so much disdain for a President that the Democrats are sacrificing their cities and their states.  All police security for political figures should be taken away!  Let them pay for their own security if they want it!  Criminals are now in control....so now it’s up to American citizens to protect themselves at all costs.  Vigilantes are going to be coming out of the woodwork!  Businesses should all board up and never reopen....for all the good, innocent American citizens...Get Out and never look back!
Shame on the authorities of Seattle. She deserves better.
I don't think it a race  thing as much as she would not cave to the council's agenda.
What does being black have to do with her job ,you news people make me sick.
How about the mayor next?
She's a coward, she never stood up to the mayor and her commie councillors. Now she's lost the trust of the police force, what trust there was left.
Reduce the pay of Seattle City Council. Right...
Portland is ran by adrenacrome addicted little commie bishes.
God Bless you Carmen Best. 🙏🏻 Sorry to see you go. 🥺
A woman of honour and integrity. What a loss!
Best, ANYWHERE would be better than where you were.  Good luck to you and thank you for your service.  The majority of Americans fully support you, don't loose hope.
Investigate all police shootings for last 30 years convicg all the killer cops there are literally thousands and thousands of these murderers and rapist in every state in the country
Wow... sad
✌️✌️✌️
The way things are going  I cant wait for the joker to show up
If they are going to stop her from doing her mission and not support her there is nothing she can do. Any cop that tries to do good in a commie ran city will be treated that way. She will do good in a city ran by Americans.
All should leave and tell counsel mayor and governor kiss where the sun don't shine. Liberal idiots. Go where u r appreciated..
Good for her. The rest of the police force should do the same and let those idiots fend for themselves.  Anyone willing to be a cop and protect people for a living , doesn’t deserve to be treated like the enemy.  The police are not the enemy.
Hmmm, Black Lives Matter, and pasty white Antifa things have led to the downfall of a black woman police chief..thats progress!
So, she can't grand stand on being a black woman police chief anymore so she's gonna call it quits?
This city just sealed its own fate.....
How awful. This just after the positively peaceful demonstration over the weekend.  Are there enough good folks in Seattle to recall the silly council?
The Seattle city council are a bunch of clowns. When the crime rate goes through the roof they'll wish they had made better decisions. You Democrats suck!
Seattle city council, Portland city council, what the heck. I don’t ever remember voting for a Portland city council member. How are these council members deciding where our tax dollars are being spent here! Every good tax paying citizen who is fed up with this kind of policy like defund the police, should get up and move elsewhere and let there city programs bankrupt their government if they don’t respond how is appropriate. Then they can look and see what is left of the government they want to run so badly. That is what they are driving the normal citizen to.
its bad that Carmen best is resigning now there is no voice of reason  in Seattle all those living are now at the mercy of the idiot mayor Jenny Durkin WAKE UP SEATTLE its up to the citizens there to correct the problems in their local government WAKE UP AMERICA
City council members should be removed by force.
Portland, chicago, seattle...these riots have been goin on nite after nite with police officers being injured property damaged...its like no one can try anything  different ....like maybe riot vehicals with watet cannons instead of exsposing officers to lazers. rocks urine. fire works.bottles sling shots...somethings gotta change and real quick...otherwise theres gonna be alit of blood spilled come another civil war......
She should have resign from the start ...  Very much incompetent...
Seattle is in the toilet at this point.
I wish her the best in her next endeavor.
So sad because she is the kind police America needs. Oh well, let Seattle go to hell.
It is time for all officers to abandon the failed city of Seattle! Congratulations Chief Best, there are better jobs than Seattle!
The Purge in Portland will only get worse!
Smart move Chief Best . I'd walk too
Shes to good for Seattle. She will be alot better off anywhere else. Seattle is going the way of Chicago.
with this reduction of police force the citizens of Seattle will suffer, there is already a problem there it only now gets worse, hold the council accountable for and deaths in the future
No, she's very gud...coming from downtown business owner who had constant police support during shoflifting
Vote Republican
I dont blame her
I wish her all the best. And I wish nothing but contempt, ill will, and misfortune  on Seattle city council for treating her as poorly as they did. As she was an extraordinary woman who because of bad actors in government was forced to perform an impossible task. I hope your next police chief is as big a monster as MSM, municipal government, and rioters have made  chief Best out to be.
Chief Best and her talents were much underappreciated for that cesspool of a city. Her talents will be appreciated in another city.
This was the plan all along. The idea wasn't to just destroy law and order. It was to force all the police to begin resigning. The left won.
Who cares
Seattle's city council are cancerous scumbags
She tried her best. She deserves a restful retirement.
Good for you Carmen. The city of Seattle doesn't deserve a real professional like you. It deserves something more like the caliber of it's inept mayor & city council.
I would not blame any of the other cops stepping down from their jobs too.  Littlefoot will have many people's blood on her hands.  She should not have any bodyguard to keep her safe.  See how she thinks about that.
Who in their right mind would fill this position? I listened to her on Sunday at the Blue Line Rally and was kinda proud she was with us.  There will be plenty of places for her to go, and that place will gladly embrace her.  SHAME ON YOU CITY COUNCIL................
It’s not the spd that needs to change. It’s the cowards in city council
lol....news crew just can't speak the truth and the obvious, the city council, mayor, and governor support the radical left and they don't want a police force.
Seattle's City Council are realii smart pepl
Smart lady.. Ditch that liberal POS city!
What is wrong with these politicians and counsel members? Lets Defund them!!! Seattle is in trouble. Might as well make the whole State CHOP zone!! Shame on you ALL. Stand behind our police!
They would have to fire me,I would be a big thorn in there side , if they didn't fire me soon ,the city council would be afraid to go to sleep and afraid to wake up , I would personally invite and encourage the filters and looters to go to the mayor add city council members homes and do as they want .  Now what would they do if  mad officers  just. will not show up .
So sad. I hope Seattle is left with no police so these idiots of politicians can see what defunding the police really means. Your losing all your good cops to give in to the 2 yr old whiners.
Ste down then run for mayor you will WIN Seattle needs YOU!!!
They must be joking.With communist loons,from the mayor on down running the show there is no question that a white man would be treated the same. The communists want to screw over the police,regardless of color.
Trump should hire her as a task force leader to manage the federal  response.  Where The feds arrest the Commies running our towns
Those were rioters. Not people of color. STOP THE DIVIDE
No, watch many, if not all of the Seattle Police follow suit. You wanted no Police? Hope You get everything you are asking for.
The city is loosing a really good police chief! Best is a black woman in the highest police position and doing a really good job.
Well all them pigs is crooked do ya fire all of them then screen out the murderers and rapists.
Of COURSE she was pissed. IF I were her I’d leave too. I woudln’t want to be the one that had to fire my men and women. I can’t believe they treated her so badly. I think they would have even given ANY chief would have been shat on in that city.
Bless her heart. Chief Best seems sooo nice . Prayers for you and your family young lady
Seattle is a communist antifa cesspool.
6 figure pay cut with NO conversation about it, huh????
It's about time.  Seattle PD is a total failure.  She obeyed illegal orders from the mayor, and failed to protect the innocent victims of the ANTIFA Nazis and BLM racists.
This is so sad! I have enjoyed watching her public statements over the last few months. She will be greatly missed and Seattle will be worse off without her.
Don't blame her .  You media and Antifa council hate colored people you say you care about them but you don't
She had her hands tied in a no win situation. Hope she does good somewhere else.
How can you fools ask to defund the police and then complain about a police chief getting a pay cut
Sad, I felt she was trying to do her job. It was the sorry Mayor & Governor who wouldn’t give her any back up. Vote Republican , get these thugs out of office.
Wonder if Trump could ever step in if the city went super corrupt? I would hope so, it's still the USA, can't let the city destroy itself..
She let the protesters run the city, I was expecting this a while ago. She just looked like she couldn't handle the job.
No money is worth the fight when the city officials have no backing of law enforcement.  Good for her!
Maybe she could join the secret service.  Sounds like she would be good at some position like that.
The city council needs to go
Carmen Best and other Seattle police, move to Spokane. We will welcome you. Seattle does not deserve you guys. Leave Seattle to implode like Chicago. You all deserve better.
It's not about  race, it's about _gender_ . No man of any color  would have been treated as badly as Chief Best has, and certainly no black man given our present atmosphere.  Will BLM stand up for her, or do only black MEN's lives matter?
People need to sue the city for damages and the federal government needs to press charges and the mayor and council who helped riators since antifa was charging companies protection not to mention assaults and rapes under rico act everyone involved in a felony can be changed with same crime
BLM is not about social justice,,m. C’mon media. You are lying to people BLM is a communist organization
Good for her.  I am not shocking at all.
From Canada! Good for her, not surprised at all, especially when your "boss" doesn't appreciate the work you're doing. I sort of wish half of the police in that city would just "leave", the crooks would love it, Gotham city here we come. She's doing an EARLY retirement!
I knew she was gonna tell them to go f themselves!! It’s absolutely horrible bc she was someone I praised as she was/is an honorable leader!!!! U can only push someone so far and the people who should’ve had her back are the same corrupt losers who turned their backs on the citizens! Best of luck to this amazing woman!!
Let that city burn to the ground together with Portland, Chicago, and NYC.  Let BLM and Antifa run them.
Hope they all walk out. Let City Hall deal with what they created....... This woman is the last man standing.....
Chief, don’t give into this stuff
OH THANK YOU LORD....MAYBE REAL LEADERSHIP IS IN THE FUTURE......
The people of Seattle tonight are raising their Starbucks and cheering for their victory. If the residents of Seattle did not want this they should have stood up said something, but they didn't. Everyone just sat and watched and probably cheered it on. It's funny but you don't know what you have until it's gone, well it's gone. The city has gotten what it wants, I wish you'd just leave them to it. Don't tell them to move out and leave ,make it work instead ,show us. The rest of the country is watching.
Seattle needs a Ctrl+alt+del.
Good cops will not stand for stupid !
Good!  Shouldn’t have let a woman do a man’s job in the first place.  No wonder people have no respect for police in Seattle 🤦‍♀️
I hope she lands a new job in a conservative-run town/city.  If someone crowdfunds for her, I would surly support it.
Come to Texas & if she’s willing to do “The Job.”    We’ll back her up!!!
I hope someone will treat her better at her next position. Businesses and people are going to move away in droves... just to survive....
Good luck to her. She's much too valuable to be abused by the City Counci.
I don’t think she left because of the ridiculous 40% pay cut. I think the defunding that is taking away her ability to to protect the city, and the insane mayor not letting her do her job drove her out! That said said to defund the police chief by almost half? The city council doesn’t deserve to kiss her ass!
Total BS!! ALL WRONG!!! SHE IS A LEGITIMATE PROFESSIONAL!!!!!!!!!!!!!! F- the MAYOR, CITY COUNCIL, ECT. BUSINESS & PROPERTY VALUES JUST TANKED. THIS IS JUST A SIGN OF THE FUTURE OF THE CITY. ANTIFA JUST WON THIS ROUND....
This is sad.
It's time for the SPD to act decisively and force the city council out, a 100% house cleaning.
100 jobs  cut.   Best is a good cop, she deserves to be in a city  that respects her.  How is it that the Corporations like AMZ haven't left?
I hope she writes a book about the very idiots that took away hers and other officers pay. I bet she would have insight that few know even today.
This is awful, we here in Seattle will be losing a great police chief unless they can talk her out of quitting.
Why select people who can't get it done.
Remember what the White Liberal did and how they treated you. Godspeed,Chief Best.
part of a Hungarian billionaire plan to create a one open society without borders?
She should go to Republican  run city  you are it's not a racist  it's a  hate  for the police that is a Democrat  way  they just don't  respect  law and order
Can't say that I blame her for retiring. Why put up with a mayor & city council that obviously has NO respect for her & her officers & to get a pay cut for no apparent reason.  Remember Seattle:  People sleep peaceably in their beds at night because rough men stand ready to do violence on their behalf.                                                                 Edmund Burke  Seattle will reap what it has sewn.
So the next time, which will happen very soon, rioters show up at YOUR house “cownsil memberz” don’t bother dialing 911.
I'm glad a woman feminist is resigning. We don't need women cops. Especially affirmative action.
Take care of your self ,they don't know what they have lost.
City council is going to PAY the BLACK woman LESS than the WHITE man before her.   racist anybody??  WAIT SHE IS A COP.  THAN IT'S OKAY😰
The whole SPD should leave that city without police force.  Let them CHOP themselves.
What a shame a true American example! Following the letter of the Law! Where’s BLM?
RIP Seattle, the Emerald City is losing its shine.Are we going to call a social workers to intervene the next time a riot and looting happens in Downtown? Who would take that job? How low will the pay be?  How much training will they get? The Fire Dept will not go to scene that is not secure. Like what happened to the ambulance called to CHOP. OUR CITY WILL BE DESTROYED. You do not have to be Nostradamus to see how this ends. TRAGIC.
I feel for Chief Best. She has exemplified her position throughout this whole ordeal in Seattle. Her resignation (due to ill treatment from City leaders and standing up for her fellow officers) only shows the democrat leaders of Seattle as true hypocrites and how far they will go without consequences to their disregard for the welfare of human kind in Seattle. Some old fashioned disciplining should be conducted with these so-called leaders of Seattle, give them consequences for their greed, self entitlement over and above humanity. I only wish I knew what would truly be a consequence that would really make a difference in the leaders narcissistic minds.
Congratulations Ms. Best. God speed as you move forward to a place that will appreciate you and back you as you DO YOUR JOB. 🇺🇸
It isn't the first time that a Seattle Police Chief has been scapegoated after civil unrest.  Norm Stamper, anyone?  He must be laughing his tail off, right now.
A woman with guts and integrity... almost gone
Guess who the next mayor is going to be if she runs as either independent or Republican.
Every cop should resign...  the mayor will freak out
Good she quits
she is a true warrior,, i truly hope she still fights on..i do hope people really see what is happening.. if you support this  behavior you letting down your fellow man and citizen..
need to fix the corrupt voting process in king county and inject a mass common sense program in the whole Seattle Area !
Jenny the Dorkin Mayor McDouche with every one of those dimwits calling themselves council members that voted for this? Need to be voted out come election day.
I dont blame her.  What a mess!!!  They voted to cut school resource officers and homeless team!  That city is screwed!
Lol, that’s crazy. The Seattle city council is nuts.
Great idea Seattle, cut the pay of the police chief.  I'm sure they will love the new cut rate chief they will get.  You reap what you sew Seattle.  Things are only going to get worse.
so so sad...
You can only disrespect people so far, good luck in your future endeavors Ms. Best. Thank you for your service.
One more thing...thank you for making my choice today....TRUMP 2020
The first black permanent police chief in the history of the Seattle police department is stepping down... This woman is living history. I’d like to hear her voice in this matter.
I understand why she left.  But I'm sad to see her go.
She has integrity...she should run fir mayor
Seattle used to be such a nice place to go.  I’ll go elsewhere.
There is a difference between legality and morality.  So the politicians that Best had been propping up her entire career by enforcing often immoral laws have turned on her.  Oh well.
I guess black lives dont matter if you are a female black police chief..who are the racists now idiots
It's typical Demo'rat behavior, accuse our President of being a Dictator while they victimize and remove anyone not bowing to their rules. Hope she now realizes she has to walk away and get onboard our Trump train. Vote Trump for freedom and prosperity. MAGA.
Seattle is a joke.
All i heard was the black this and black that blah...blah...blah get to the point she is resigning because  your city ( Seattle ) is a freakin shyt show with a bunch of lunatics and freaks hippies and weirdos ( antifa/blm ) who have run your city strait to the ground...hey seattle your a laughing stock keep voting Democrat p.s. like your mayor says it's the summer  of love ✌
This is disgusting. She obviously cares about her city. I can't say that for the political leaders. Businesses will fail, residents will leave and the tax base will shrink. It will become a city of rioters, homeless and criminals. Washington voters get the state they deserve. No bailout for states that have created the atmosphere of destruction.
Keep watching the same channel..more to come 🤣🤣🤣🤣 BLM right? 🤣🤣🤣 face the consequences now. Neeeeeeexxxxxttttttttttttttt perhaps Chicago? 🤔🤔🤔🤔
Jerkin is a jerk. Disgraceful
She would run for mayor.
Who in the hell would want to be a police chief in this atmosphere?
Why is it a shock!!!!!!!  Conservatives and patriots need to wake up.  Why would you think her decision to resign is shocking.  I hope the whole Seattle police force finds a way to quick by next weekend.  Let Seattle burn.....screw them.  When conservatives decide to fight back and stand up......this is what America will look like
Oh no‼ I hope these left loon  loser DEMwits are real proud  of themselves now‼ These New One World Order Climate action changing, SUSTAINABLE development;  UN Agenda 21 peddling, Seattle governing freakshows; Mayor Donkey, Seattle city corrupt council, and Govenor Inslee are so weak and dispicable. And they need to grow a moral compass and a spine; a few brain cells might be in order too.. How sad for Officer Best.☹It's not just the city of Seattle that's allowing violence and treating the police like trash; it's other democrat run cities too that are in LOCKSTEP with a devious agenda to destroy cities with violence and get rid of the police by their soft stepping and side stepping rule. And It's such a disingenuous hypocritical paradigm; talk about the pot calling the kettle black. They say they are in support of African Americans; and yet they treat the finest, caring, intelligent police officer Best like garbage. If I were her I would sue that city council and the State of Washington for all of the back pay they failed to inform her that got cut from her pay; and I would sue them for discrimination and illegal job practices on her behalf. I hope she fights this in court and one can only pray that Demoncratic dumbocrats get voted out.... out... out.. for good in the November 2020 election. God Bless Officer Best ♥️✝️🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏
Is there going to be a GoFundMe for her?
The hypocrite Demorats mayor and the council should resign.  Defund ANTIFA AND BLM.  She didn’t get any support from them.
They paid more for their private security then her whole salary.. Maybe they need t defund themselves.  They hate the Feds now, but when this is over they will want the Federal money in order to rebuild..  They are all hypocrites, and some should be arrested for adding and abetting terrorists!
she is a beautiful and intelligent woman , capable of working anywhere in the world , STRONG , BEAUTIFUL AND BLACK, A QUEEN. ONELOVE.
Seattle. You had better start electing conservative Republicans as mayor and city council members. Your city is being run into oblivion and de facto mob rule by far left lunatics. The handwriting is already on the wall--read it.
These Marxist mayors can't destroy their cities fast enough. I pity the citizens of Seattle, but you did bring this on yourself. Hope you enjoy watching businesses move out.
The Council should of been giving her a pay raise for how she handled the impossible during the riots & shootings. Mayor controlled Council by extremely radical individuals who are insulated from the policies they want to enforce on others. Good Luck, Seattle. Left there in 1998 & Texas life has been great. 🇺🇸🇺🇸🤠
I'm an outsider but from what I've seen politics had made it impossible for her to fulfill her responsibilities.
Chief Best would be better off anywhere other than Seattle.  She deserves much better, and I'm sure she would be appreciated somewhere else. Kudos to her for stepping down.  I cant blame you one bit. Best of luck to her.
Maybe she should be Mayor of Seattle? But I am certain, she is NOT going away. I see her on Fox News as a contributor on police matters. Maybe Police Chief in another city? Not at $285K, though.  Take your pension, enjoy it, and let the backlash against those who betrayed you begin.
I get it, but she was kinda awesome!
And.. bet the "Woke" administration will replace her with a white guy "yes man".  So much for your diversity.
Why stay in a job the promise to fire you from?  Head over to sheriffs office, then laugh from a distance as the burn city council houses to the ground
The plan was to cut 100 officers pretty soon they'll have 0 and they will learn why defunding the police is a retarded idea
Lol it’s not the SJWs care if she’s black or not, they themselves are racist. Look I don’t want to be harsh but I will be honest Seattle isn’t as Antifa as Portland, so you guys voted for this. Remember all of these events when you vote again.
I lived half my life in Seattle, moving there when it seemed the mellowest place on Earth before Microsoft and Starbucks. I slowly watched its beauty., intelligence and possibilities disappear down the drains with increasing "liberalism" and progressive  Democrat "Leadership". I managed to escape what has truly become dystopia. Over and over, you morons have voted these idiots in to power. You deserve every bit of crap you have experienced and all that will rain upon you here on in. God bless Chief Best and all the great cops who will leave you to your own devices. You are colossal fools.
3:05 she did nothing for this city. And if she was a white male she would have been treated worse! First black female chief doesn't give or take more authority! Just Do your job.
Sounds like a war on women but not by those mean old Republicans.
How is this a suprise?
Wow.Pretty sad.I feel sorry for her.
How is this a shock, they are making her job impossible and cutting her pay. All the cops should walk.
so antifa becomes the sharia police in seattle now ? next up is rounding up and transporting the people that have a different opinion to be re-educated.
She was making 250.000 a year. She was getting a pay cut of a hundred thousand. So she resigns.   I thought they want to cut the budget. It's ok to cut mens pay But it's a crime to cut a woman's Pay. The woman reporter crises on women's rights only. Then brings Bad white man in the subject. That's all she can report on? slow day or sad day it's up to you to decide.
Many other cities will welcome her.  She made the right decision.  Now she needs to pack up and leave.  Move to Republican city and she will be hired immediately and appreciated and respected and paid well
I have watched this Chief on TV throughout the chaos and her police force mistreatment. I live in N.M. and truly respected the way she handled herself. What a loss for Seattle. What idiots! Any city would be proud to have her AND her police officers! Unbelievable how sad.
I’m surprised it took her this long with how mean people have been to her. She is a strong one.
Mayor and the council's are the real leftist rioters! Goodbye Seattle! No one will want to live there!
Yet another Liberal city falling down. Hopefully wiser minds will be voting in November.
Because she tired of dealing with the Communist Seattle City Council and the idiot Seattle mentality.....Cant blame her. All the Seattle Police should just walk away and let Seattle burn down because Seattle residents voted for all this and they have it.
defund the mayor and her council?
Her salary was $285k, they were going to cut her pay by 40%.
This is absurd and so stupid!!!! No common sense. The counsil is being rediculous
stupid city.
She doesn't want to be held accountable for all the police that are going to die because you know the mayor will never take responsibility!  The useless mayor ,and council will pass the buck like typical democrat mayors do  ! I don't blame her for quitting, and I don't blame any officer for quitting . That whole city should hold a massive antifa / blm rally and be nuked !
She's tired of everything in this city. No respect for the police officers.
they all need to quit and let the city Burn,   Fuc* the commie SOB's    TRUMP 2020
Fire the council immediately.
White Liberals force out a female black police chief. Who are the racists?
This is a sad outcome for Seattle.  I can only hope that the citizens of Seattle and Washington state understand where their leadership is taking them.
So, sorry for her having to step down. Seattle you're a shity city. Inslee and dumbass mayor are POS. You should do your dam job!! BACK the BLUE!! NOT THE IDIOT POLITICIANS!
Put blame we’re it belongs with the people who voted and put those individuals with such leftists ideology on the city council.  Those voters are destroying their own home.
You get the Politicians you deserve. People go out and protest for stupid crap, but when it comes to their basic Freedoms they can't be bothered. You guys deserve to live under a Communist dictatorship. Have the governments boot right on your neck. Have these SJW Rejects making your public policy. Most American's aren't worthy of Freedom, too much work for the lazy fat fools.
Say her name!!  She tried to run a good City Police dept. that serves and protects the people.  The City council and Mayor and even a the governor ran her out of her position by catering to filthy street Terrorist.. unbelievable.
Best is the best.  This is shameful news, but dont blame her.  Demoncrats pushing chaos and marxism.  You voters brought this on yourself, enjoy your scaled coming CHOP.
She was clear during her updates,one of the only police chiefs that was. You could tell she knew a lot. They didn’t like her because she told us the police were ordered  not to intervene by the council. Now, the whole police department will quit. Would anyone want less pay and more danger due to less backup? If they force out your favorite chief that everyone knows and worked with, what protection will your job have?
She stood her ground, that's exactly what they don't want.  Take your city back, be heard, citizens stand up for you rights 🇺🇸
Settle is useless
Just the start , the key to the future is don't call the police, they wont be coming. I guess you are on your own. Do they sell  personal weapons in  in Seattle???
I am so disappointed.  She was the BEST.  Seattle loses and shame on the people who let that happen.  She cared, really cared.  The Seattle city counsel is a disgrace to the people of Seattle and should be run out of the city.  I suppose the council are demoncrats
Tell the mayor & city council  2 f**koff
DANCING round my room! Excellent news. I guess tear gassing an entire civilian neighborhood or pepper spraying children in the face wasn't enough for her to resign back then. What a shame. With love from D4.
So sad. She did what she could, and what was in her control. She did not deserve this. Does her life not matter?
White Mayor and mostly white City Council run off the black female Police Chief. Now this is progress!!
Who in the hell actually voted for Kashama? I've yet to meet anyone who admits to liking her.
Please you all ask for it, you all should be cheering. Now you all act like it horrible. GTFO.
Come on out to Arizona Yavapai county We Respect the Police Here
Time for the citizens of Seattle to start carrying
You go, girl! Good on you. Your LEO guidance will be sought across the country! I, for one, am proud of you.
It's for the Best😃👍 seriously though,  She wanted to do the Job the mayor and Politicians and the media made that impossible. I think shes a great American,  she deserves better than Her city can give. Trump 2020!🇺🇸
tHE CITY COUNCIL SHOULD ALSO CUT AND OTHERS THEIR PAYCHECK, INCLUDING INSLEE. CARMEN YOU SHOULD NOT RESIGN.
Pretty sad they broke her spirit like that hoping the best for her.
Jenny Durkan needs to be removed ASAP. I think Gavin Newsom and Jenny Durkan have a side bet going to see who can destroy their city faster.
Carmen Best had Integrity and she could not abide by the Stupidity of the City and Government Officials!! Leave The cities while you can People!! I guess Now Durkan is happy since maybe she can find a puppet that will just Obey!!
Washington State has a good governor ,,,, I don't know about the city council or the Mayor though ,,,,look at the mess that Portland is in,,,, you cannot cater to those who are on the extreme,,,,,,,perhaps  Shana Sawant  would like to take a turn at being chief of police,,,,,,
What a bummer. Only sane person there. Definitely  can see why she's leaving- getting protesters are her house, no support in any way from any one except her police dept & cut her pay. No support from mayor/ council  to have had the Chief  give input to the citys  police reform. The City blew it.
She is an American heroine
I wish her the best. And as for the city council. Shame on you all for allowing this.
I do not understand the residents of Washington State, you see what is happening in the state, murders, robberies, arson, the police are left without funding, and you again vote for Democrats in the Senate, in Congress, the governor, the mayor, do you like what is happening in the state now?
Good for her, she's too good for them.
What did you expect? First the defunding, then telling her she is gonna get a huge pay cut. . . she got screwed over.
So sad for Seattle.
Don’t let them defund SPD.  Walk off for a week then they’ll beg you back.  Good luck Chief
They would only like her if she was a Communist.
Chief Best, come on down to TX. We're hiring.
I don't blame her I feel bad that she has to leave
Nice! 100 less police watching out for your wellbeing will make people that wish you harm just a bit bolder. Way to create actual insanity through anarchy.
Blue Flu will be hitting Seattle Police Department next week.
Sad.....as she is the only level headed person. The mayor an idiot.
Either she stands with the Rank and File or she stands with the Leftist Council.  Her decision is to stand with the Rank and File which is unusual in these times.
...I liked her...
If this was not all part of the end times where lawlessness would abound it would make no sense. From a carnal let us reason perspective it still makes no sense. Except for the fact that the city council are a bunch of arrogant blind selfish sensitive idiots.  Say good bye to Seattle its toast, what a waste land. Left coast idiots. Portland your next, you arent selfless enough to do the right thing so you will follow suit. What a trash heap. They meant well, just held onto the wrong principles and were blind to their own demise
The city counsel is racist.  But they are liberals.  They are the worst kind of racists.
All City Majors should have to fund their own Protection and should not be at Tax payer expense.  Then try and see how long you last and being in the same position of all citizens without Police Protection. SHAME !!!
At the end demonRats will have to fight the Antifa and Isis on there own and then the millitary will clean them up No problem
I don't blame her! She couldn't do her job because the Mayor, and Governor felt so bad for the BLM protesters that were mostly WHITE people! People were getting hurt, robed, raped, killed etc., and the police were told to stand down!
Let Seattle burn. Let the "Peaceful Protestors" go to these city council members homes and torment them. But I don't think it has anything to do with her color
she did a great job, all things considered.  hope she takes some time to relax, refuel and find employment where her skill set is respected and appreciated.
SEATTLE WAKE UP. YOU ARE THE COFFEE CAFFINE CAPITOL YET YOU ALL ARE ACTUALLY ACTING LIKE YOUR STILL A SLEEP. IF YOU THINK THIS WILL JUST BLOW OVER AND AMAZON, BOEING, MICROSOFT WILL SAVE YOU; YOUR WRONG. BOEING IS MOVING JOBS OUT OF STATE & MICROSOFT IS LOOKING AT BOULDER COLORADO & AMAZON HAS BEEN TALKING ABOUT LEAVING THE STATE STRICTLY BECAUSE OF THIS YEARS CHALLANGES. If you lose your big company's, who will buy the insane priced houses? What company can fill those job losses? This isn't a Joke wake up.
That Police Chief job there is now a poison chalice. No one in their right mind should volunteer for that position.
She was real and this has nothing to do with race she wanted peace and law and order she never wanted any of this. God bless her. 🙏
It’s a sad day in Seattle... unfortunately, it isn’t over yet, in fact, it’s just the beginning... of the end of Seattle. Socialism is winning over our state... I hope y’all are ready... me? We’re selling our home ASAP and moving out of Washington state... Chief Best... you are the best! I hope and pray peace and blessings for you and yours... thank you sooo much for your incredible service!!!
Because she can't stand to what happened to her folk, she knows how those officers feel, and it wrong.
She has put up a great fight for her city. Maybe her resignation will turn into a campaign? We can only hope
Sorry to see her go,    Maybe General Mattis is available?
People of Seattle, Sue the City Council and the Mayor. They aren't for the People. Do you want Seattle to End Up like NYC and Chicago?
Durkin and the whole city council needs to be dropped in the middle of the Pacific! one way ticket!
The communists in the City Council are implementing the UN's "Strong Cities" initiative. Look it up.
Oh Israel please listen, the Lord is calling his people to gather.
Thank you for your service.  You are a hero.
They should all resign.  ALL SEATTLE POLICE.  RESIGN WITH CHIEF BEST.
Good for her..  She was being treated wrong for being black. She can find another PD.
Chief Best did everything she could for you Seattle. Any one there who still has their mind in tact should probably cut bait and bail. It's all downhill from here!
Defend the police...expand the asocial workers..they will hand out free bandage to criminals if they get hurt by the people living in the city...
Seattle City Council Sucks!!!
Arm yourselves
I belive all the police need to step down. Let the mayor and council deal with it
The Worst thing SEATTLE LEADERSHIP COULD HAVE DONE AFTER MAKING TERRIBLE DECISIONS THIS YEAR ALREADY! SEATTLE, YOU NEED TO WAKE UP. YOU ARE LETTING THE 2% THAT ARE DRUG ADDICTS & ONLY WANT FREE STUFF RULE OVER YOU. YOU ARE LETTING DOPE HEADS MAKE DECISIONS THAT WILL DESTROY THE REST OF SEATTLE & Raise sales taxes to 14%
Oh boy get the popcorn this is going to be a crazy ride, well people of Seattle you guys asked for it and you can thank your Mayor and city counsel, crime is going to shoot up so high now good luck.  If you are a freedom loving, gun loving, and a hard working person come to Texas we only take good people.
Democrat leadership!
next one will be seattle mayor! jenny, can you move a little bit faster?
The city council is pathetic. Seattle can be the first to experiment with the UN's "Strong Cities" initiative. It, like everything globalists and leftists do, will be a monumental failure !!!!
The only competent leader and only voice of reason in this whole debacle called Seattle city government.  Too bad.
Seattle, SMH, you had your chance, she's was really good at her job. That's why they made it impossible to do that job. Run for mayor that would be epic!
Good job Chief. I don't blame you. I will pray for you and your family. Support your Police dept. Wake up America. Don't let the Democrats rule. You see what happens when they run the city and State
CARMEN BEST was the ONLY "Adult in the room".....Seattle is the laughing stock of the WORLD!!!  My friends in Europe say this would never happen in their country...and here, we are!!!
She seemed to be the only one with any sense in that administration.
Good for her. She deserves to get the hell out of there and either retire and enjoy her life, Or get the hell out of there and get a job elsewhere private or public sector and enjoy her life. O Toole did her time, say what you will about her, but I liked her. I never worked for her here in MA, but I never heard much about her that wasnt positive (back then of course, Im currently in my 31st plus year in this miserable industry in MA).
I would too!!!
Cant blame her. She wants to do her job and do it right. Seems the city dose not deserve a police department
a predominantly white city council ran out an african american government leader ... who's the racist now?
Sad outcome.
Look, she was the police chief and she let Seattle burn. Whatever the mayor said about the riots stopping or not, she still was the chief with constitutional duties. Stop with the racist talk, no one cares except the press about her color. We care about her actions and they were poor and political. Goodbye
SEATTLE - City Of Love ?? Mayor is an idiot  .Way to treat  treat a  Black Police Chief - Seattle
Good. The only good cop is an ex-cop.
Carmen Best, you are free. No amount of money is worth this amount of toxicity.
Was she sidelined because of her race, yes . Did she allow racists cops and a racist police union to terrorize black people in Seattle, yes. The only real problem here is that they're going to install a racist police chief to replace her.
The people of Seattle will eventually get sick and tired of the violence and destruction of their city and vote those deadbeats out of office.
This is terrible. She is doing a great job. They need a new council. Maybe Pres. Trump (LAW & ORDER)...can overwrite their decision to DEFUND THE POLICE.....🙏🤝
Why? The Seattle voters seem happy with the status quo? They want to defund the police. If she has over 30 years she would take a cut in her retirement if she stayed at a lower salary.
What a loss to Seattle.
Seattle about to have a bad case of BLU FLU !!!! There are many other cities in America that would love to have her or any of the other officers who follow suit!!!
Why? She’s doing such a great job!! Probably racism I’m guessing. If she stays on the whole city could go up in flames instead of just half of it . Hate to hear all of Portland may not burn . Tragic.
That is to bad for Seattle they need someone to stand up the what is going on there.  Now they will put someone else who rubber stamps things for them.
BLM is about sacrificing the lives of Black people to further their far left agenda.
The city government cares more about keeping their jobs than leading or protecting the city.  The mayor, and the rest of these "leaders" are as bad as the the animals "peacefully protesting".
Great time to be a crook in Seattle.
Don't be surprised in the increased of missing persons in Seattle, part of the plan
I feel sorry for her.. local officials are the ones that should of stepped down.. what a shame to loose her..
Wisdom cries aloud in the street,     in the markets she raises her voice; at the head of the noisy streets she cries out;     at the entrance of the city gates she speaks: “How long, O simple ones, will you love being simple? How long will scoffers delight in their scoffing     and fools hate knowledge? If you turn at my reproof, behold, I will pour out my spirit to you;     I will make my words known to you. Because I have called and you refused to listen,     have stretched out my hand and no one has heeded, because you have ignored all my counsel     and would have none of my reproof, I also will laugh at your calamity;     I will mock when terror strikes you, when terror strikes you like a storm     and your calamity comes like a whirlwind,     when distress and anguish come upon you. Then they will call upon me, but I will not answer;     they will seek me diligently but will not find me. Because they hated knowledge     and did not choose the fear of the Lord, would have none of my counsel     and despised all my reproof, therefore they shall eat the fruit of their way,     and have their fill of their own devices. For the simple are killed by their turning away,     and the complacency of fools destroys them; but whoever listens to me will dwell secure     and will be at ease, without dread of disaster.”  --Proverbs 1: 20-33
seattle needs a blue flu as a show of solidarity.
Because she's not white? You people will bring race into everything.
Stop bringing race into it News 5
when is the FIRST MOMENT to vote OUT the Seattle City Council....those people are idiots and DANGEROUS!!!!
I think Chief Best is the best thing that ever happened to Seattle. I hope she finds a better place where she is appreciated for the shining light she is. I wonder that any of the Seattle Police are still working.  They do what I could not. If I were a police offer in this area I would leave as well. Those that stay are stronger then any of us and I thank GOD for them and give them all daily prayers. Still seas and calm winds Carmen Best till you reach peace in your port. Thank you from me and mine for what you have done and the example you have been.
Wow that Witch Durham and them evil council devils
can you blame her?
WHAT A SHAME!!!!! DEMOCRATS HATE AMERICA!!!!! DEMOCRATS ARE DESTROYING AMERICA!!!! SAD DAYS!!!!!
Most leftists go through their whole live oblivious to how truly pathetic they are.
Just give them want they want and take away the police and let all prisoners out let them roam the city and see if that changes their mind.
This is why racism will always exist. Even the news anchor kept referring to her as a “black” female police chief, and making distinctions between white and black officers. Why can’t they all just be police officers?
Seattle city council should resign
Seattle residents need to start moving out of that city and let all those thugs do themselves in.
Let it all burn down. You people brought this on yourself. Unfortunately, Seattle is content to leave law and order to the feds. I hope everyone is ready for martial law...it's probably right around the corner.  Best of luck Chief Best, you are a class act.
I wasn't shocked. Seattle is a communist antifa cesspool. In such places good cops are not truly wanted. Her talents will be used elsewhere hopefully.
Simply ridiculous. Cutting 100 jobs? How insane is this mayor. Best is best to leave this lunacy and get a better job elsewhere.
Mayor should go tho ....
Good luck with marshal law rioters !!
Quality Person .... SEATTLE IS GOING TO HELL FAST .....
Good for Chief Best. She's smart to resign, because when things start to go really bad in Seattle (and they will). The mayor/city counsel won't be able to blame Chief Best. As well as, Chief Best is now able to write a Book in regard to CHAZ/CHOP. The inner-workings of what the Counsel and Mayor where doing. Best, will have a best seller book and make some serious money. And of course another city will eventually tap her to be their chief of police. So, Carmen Best will do okay and come out on top. As for the City of Seattle...I would move if you live in the city or suburbs. Because crime doesn't just go away when you reduce the police. Good luck Seattle...you're are going to need it.
The Mayor and Council needs to be recalled
Its sad she is resigning, she is a good chief, I don't blame her, she is not being supported by local leadership and now these people are going to her home....Seattle is in its death spiral.
Congratulations again marxist comrades at King 5!  Through your dedicated leftist propaganda campaign, you succeeded in defeating "the enemy of the people" who worked tirelessly in an attempt to restore safety to Seattle citizens.    Now let the violent revolution commence!  In celebration, please stand up, light your desks afire, smash out your windows and march into the streets to join the chaos, mayhem and capitalist destruction you helped foment with your bold biased lies and omissions!  You people are just sick.
I back Carmen Best and the blue
The Seattle major should resign and Seattle city council should resign
Just more hypocrisy from the libtarded left.
Wasn't her pay cut?
They made her look bad a lot these past months I would quit to
Cut all federal funding to Washington state and Oregon as well   They are no longer part of the US
City is almost beyond saving, she is cutting her losses. They renegotiated her salary without her participation, she has a right to walk. Question will be, how many others follow her out the door.
Chief Best, you deserved much better.
Jenny Jerkin is burning her own city to the ground. Glad I don’t live in Seattle.
You can't handcuff the Police Chef... it will have repercussions
If i was her before i quit i would turn pd loose to get the job done .might as well go out with a bang
How do some people not understand these are all Dem cities?  Libs breed failure and disaster. All emotions.
Every cop in that city should look elsewhere for work and give the middle finger to the mayor and council before they leave for good. Let the politicians reap what they sow.
All I can say is that Chief Best has done an amazing job with what she has had. Now Seattle will be left without a head at the protective table and the City council will be emboldened.  All I can say is Culp for Govenor.
So, about 30 people are going to be taking a pay cut in excess of 50K a year.  Regardless if you think they are worth what they make, that is drastic.
Well. I was writing up a massively supportive post for her. But now knowning she wants to play the race card,because she is getting a pay cut. She lost all credit.
She was ok will letting hundreds of officers go but once they tried to mess with her pay she was like “I’m out”.  She’s not brave, she’s selfish!
This is a good police chief.  Seattle is run by a bunch of loons.  If you live in Seattle, I recommend that you move as soon as possible.
Vote out the Marxist city hall in Seattle
The one person that cared for citizens and they drive her out ! You mayors are putting us all in danger along with the officers
LUL GREAT
The City Council has proven they are NOT fit to serve the people of Seattle. AND the DOLT of a Mayor needs to have a 72 Hr. evaluation.................
Sad...Seattle will suffer without her.
Fire the mayor and replace her with the chief
I hope democrats start seeing what’s really going on , politics aside people have to wake up . This country is being ruined badly all under democratic leadership to play politics . This is a sad year for the whole country . Texas would love a woman like chief best and others . Best of luck .
Time for the residents of Seattle to form neighborhood militias to protect themselves.   THEN, when the next elections roll around, vote those fools off the city council and vote in people that care for the normal citizens of Seattle over the criminal radicals.
Good, I am tired of this whiney poser.  Get a real leader in office, like a former military officer who can put his foot down.  Next, get rid of the commie council and the mayor.
police chief has enough of this nonsense liberal hack agenda!!!
RUN for MAYOR and save us, CARMEN BEST!!
You can't do an impossible job. The mayor and governor are the ones that should resign!
THE MAYOR MUST BE REMOVE AND THE COUNSEL MUST ALL BE REMOVE NOT THE POLICE CHIEF
Hope that she runs for mayor.
🤧 the city will only be getting worse now she’s gone 🤧
Norm Stamper (white male SPD Chief) was forced to resign after the WTC riot.  His crime?  He was "too tough" on Antifa.  Seattle is dying.  I believe that much of their Port business will shift to Tacoma.  Manufacturing has been gone. They have some 'high tech' but for how much longer is anyone's guess.  You would be crazy to vacation there.  Seattle is run by Communists.  Communists destroy things.
Summer of Love!
Why give up WHYYYYYY
I don’t blame her!!
The city council are the ones who need to be fired,along with the mayor.
Seattle biggest lost!!  Carmen was the best that Seattle have..
I live close .. come on over.. you will be met.. and not by me
I am going to Hire her as my Personal Bobble head,  on these Nutz! She is going to make me some good money. Haha. I shed no tears for the SellOuts! King
GASP!  The Seattle City Council being a bunch of ignorant & foolish racists!!!   Who woulda' thunk it!!
Carmen Best needs to run for Mayor and help turn Seattle around from the mess that this clown Durkin turned it into.
I'm sure a decent city will take her in a second. I respect her and her decision. Seattle is going down hill...fast.
Wow this is sad, I liked her being chief of police. She was the voice of reason
I don't blame her nobody deserves to be treated the way they have treated her.  She has enough years take her retirement and move on especially for her family and neighbors.
Freedom is not Free
We are not what you want.. do you know who the bikers are.. Vietnam vets
The city is falling apart and her hands are cuffed so time to go.
People can only be mistreated and unappreciated for so long, before they let you deal with the consequences on your own.
CARMEN BEST WAS THE ONLY ONE THAT SEEMED TO CARE ABOUT SEATTLE!!  THE DEMOCRAT COUNSEL  IN SEATTLE IS A SWAMP!!!  BEST WAS THE BEST!!
Have and carry a Jo staff as a weapon, if they defund the police and if you can't get a gun.
I'm half white half brown maybe even black.. what is racism exactly?
These crazy liberals treated Chief Best so poorly.  I'm glad the Chief had enough self respect to leave these loonies.
She should take over the police chief job in Denver from that POS that has it now. He marched with BLM and prevented the police from protecting Back the Blue demonstrators from getting attacked by BLM.
She is no fool to get off a sinking ship.   BLM - Where is your outrage at Seattle for this disregard for this woman's integrity?
You've just let a poc fired.
Wil be replaced by a full communist..
Protect POTUS and Carmen Best
I felt bad for her, she has served Seattle for 30 years, and the city council gave her an ending like this... I hope she run for mayor and I will vote for her without a doubt.
Meet mE.. I kill and ask questions l8tr
She should sue those racist white jokers on the city council. She makes less money than the white chief otoole.
I'm done with your Fauci face diapers
Her watch is ended. But for Seattle, winter is coming.
Last chance.. Antifa.. come on over
ICU we cu
Durkin INSLEE one warning... Sleep with your father's
She seems like a class act...not the best fit in Seattle.
I don’t think Seattle needs to worry about the “Big One” any more. It will come tomorrow. She was a great police chief. If she retired wouldn’t she be able to keep her pension? She has better days ahead. Wish you the best.
They cut her pay by a lot!! So the same politicians that cry about gender and race inequality, cut the pay of a black women so she gets pay less than other chiefs... I almost chock on the irony..
Black woman leaving her job. Is this what they wanted? Smh
Treat her well or meet me.. I'm nation wide.. Texas to Seattle.. Shepherd air force Base
There's plenty of Cities that will take her. Detroit for one,
Sources say: BLM looters next target is King 5 studios
All police should walk off ASAP!! They deserve better. There are many departments in the US who would love to hire them.
Please all homeless people, meth heads and criminals move to Seattle! Their will be no cops to arrest you, you will be able to do as you wish! Live Free Without Fear Of Arrest!!
I don't blame her, at least she didn't resign where CHAZ/CHOP was happening in which can damage her reputation.
I do not VPN . Welcome to Trump
First thing to go in the budget should be security for all politicians.  They have to hire Private security, if they want it,  and pay for it out of their own pocket.
I dont blame her! The Seattle city counsel, the mayor, the AG  and the govenor is and have been an embarrassment to Washington state. SMDH Shame on them!!
Good. I hope that city sinks into the sea.
Is it a man or a woman?
Wwg1wga
Durkin INSLEE will pay.. touch be touched
I grew up in the Seattle area. My grandfather , an Irish Cop ,  walked a beat in Seattle. I wish I could talk to him about what is happening today.
what the hell is wrong with the city Council are they stupid
Sounds like the mayor needs to resign for good
Meet.your people Carmen Best.. we will put them to sleep with their father's
From what I hear she was a good cop and just placed in a bad place.  Any cop who can should bail out. Disgusting that Marxism is taking over our cities.  So many more needless deaths will result.
She seems like a nice lady. She probably didn’t want to deal with real Loser scum bag lefty Democrats. Who are the ones pushing racism
they all need to quit and see just how that works out for the communist that run the city.
Jenny Durkan is a racist
blm and antifa getting what they want.
The City Council is racist
The race to take the crown from Chicago. Sea-cago here we come!
Who could blame her. Seattle will reap what we sow.
She should have popped a cap in those people that came to her house
Now get rid of Durkan.
Candace Owen's and Chief Carmen  💯👏👏👏💪
So in their quest for diversity and reform, the liberal leaders of Seattle demoralized and essentially forced out a black female Police Chief. Do the citizens of Seattle realize how crazy that is? Best of luck Chief Best. You fought a good fight and stuck up for your department. It was an impossible job.
I didn't believe when he said six-figure paycut nor I didn't think I heard it right when he said 40% or so paycut....
Kshama Sawant on the city council is the most openly avowed marxist, was behind by 10% in the election months ago and won at the last minute. Nobody is auditing the elections
All the same reasons Seattle citizens are arming themselves and there is a massive back log for firearms and concealed permits. We all have to protect ourselves. The police are not going to protect us. Is this the goal of the liberal government?
She’s a BLACK WOMAN and see how they treat her?!?!? So much hypocrisy
This is wrong.
Mayor & council members should be recalled by the people....
I don't know much about her but she seems like a good officer. Maybe she could get hired on in Spokane
She has done her utmost to get things done. The mayor and council are idiots,they wont let her do her job. Seattle needs to wake up and take their city back.Seattle has lost a good police chief.She tried and deserved better. Good Luck to her in the future, I hope she finds a place that respects her abilities.
I don't blame her. The Democrat state governor, mayor and communist council people are ruining the city.
I don't think it's a race thing. It's the Dems cutting the police force in general. 100 jobs cut. Good luck Seattle.
Too bad the lame brain mayor doesn't have the sense to step down.
Don't blame her, I honestly think I would have quit a while ago. The city counsel has continued to show how little they care about the people that elected them and the city they are supposed to serve for the better of the city. The Mayor has also showed very little support for Chief Best. Then to cut her salary for all the responsibility she has to carry. This city counsel and the Mayor could care less about anything that goes against their personal agenda.
She and Dumb Durkin both need to go
America is at a crossroad, either you lance this abscess or allow the infection to overpower the body politic.
SHE NEVER DID SHOW LEADERSHIP, SHE KNELT TO A CRIMINAL MAN AND SHOWED FEAR AND TO THOSE THAT SHE KNEW WERE COMMITTING TREASON, SHE COULD'VE STOOD UP TO THE WRONG HIGHER UPS, SHES DONE!
What a waste of a once beautiful city.
Defund the police! Blame the racist cops.
We need to vote these people out. We must stand our ground welcome to America if Biden wins. Our cities will be destroyed and won't be safe.
We  respect for your resignation . you should move  out  and get another job. Thk for your service.
Impossible to do a job when the city takes all your tools. She was powerless to do what she knew needed to be done. I hope she can find a job where she can be more effective and respected by her city
I can't blame her and I hope all cops walk out.
I liked the video,  but hate to hear she is resigning !
seattle is in bigger trouble than anybody realizes.  the one person with common sense is resigning,  if i lived in seattle i would leave asap
No!
The council is inept corrupt and radically delusional, they should all resign. They drove a fantastic responsible black women away, what a disgrace.
They need to defund the mayor. Best needs to sue for her future lost wages and loss to her pension.
Somehow I knew this would happen
I don't blame the whole department for walking off.
So 2020.
She is the FIRST black female Police Chief and the liberal city council screws her (and the entire force) over.  They should start the de-funding with getting rid of security for the city council members , the mayor and the crazy governor!
NOoo! Chief Best is the Best! I can't blame her though. Thank you for your service Chief Best! People in Seattle are nuts!
The city council is ruining the city.
Too late for poor stressed citizens, but just in time to become a prosperous business woman or grandma of a prosperous family. 😤
Carmen needs to run for mayor
I don't blame her. I would quit also if my hands were tied to the point that I couldn't do my ob. Then to get e pay cut on top of this? Who wouldn't give up. Just another of Mayor Durkins summer of love casualties. Good luck Seattle. The position is now open for a radical lefty to step in.
bet they will cry like bitches when someone tries to break into their houses, hopefully the cops dont show up. ooops should have thought about that before you cut the force huh ??
I'm sure there's a city that doesn't have loony tunes policies that would be very happy to have a well-qualified police chief like Chief Carmen Best.
