I've had a few people point out that my $1000/kg price for graphene is way overblown, since GMG (the very company I talk about in this video) have claimed to get the price down to $2 per kilogram. I kinda sorta just a little hinted at the fact that they are bringing the costs down, but I didn't put it into numbers.  That is really something I should have explored more in the video and looking back it was a missed opportunity because that's an important and interesting development.
Why do I feel like I am being pun-ished..
Li-ion can still be upgraded a quite a bit to support faster charging speeds if necessary, some phones have 240w charging that allows them to fully charge in 20 minutes for example
LFP batteries don't self ignite when broken making them much safer to use for cars or energy storage
Where is GMG at now, 3 years later, with the graphine battery ?
Theres so many videos talking about graphene battery but none of them get their hands on one. I want to see a youtuber create their own battery.
he is a natural teacher,,,, thanks, I didn't understand the previous thousand graphene story, but now I got it
Wait… electrons only move along the surface of the conductors, not through the inside? Then why do we need super fat copper cables for high-amperage applications? Wouldn’t some kind of rolled or folded foil be better?
3 years later and no graphene battery to be seen.
Graphene in 2025 is where the laser was in 1970 (a technology waiting for an application) - then came the barcode scanner, the compact disc and the laser printer.
I recently learned about an electric vehicle manufacturer (BYD) Build Your Dreams that make their own batteries. BYD offers two electric vehicle models which can charge in five minutes called flash charging, which adds 249 miles of range to the electric vehicle (within five minutes of charging). the vehicles are priced at just under 40,000 US dollars.  Many of us are wondering if these LFP batteries made by BYD are utilizing any graphene within the battery, to contribute to the performance. it is said that these batteries have a 4,000 charge cycle life (equivalent to 750,000 miles of driving an electric vehicle)(and still retaining 80% capacity), zero fire hazard, 100% recyclable, and abundantly available low cost materials. compared to tesla electric vehicles which require 30 minutes to add 249 miles while charging at a tesla supercharger, the BYD flash charging electric vehicles charge 500% faster than a tesla.  we are very interested in understanding everything that can be known about the BYD LFP batteries.
..... and we still don't have them.
literally stfu with the tryhard jokes
So two years down the line and still no battery, if it’s going to be a game changer then they need to get a move on
Wosh i could watch your vids but ur a leftish shill
*At least on paper a HYDROGEN ION BATTERY has LI-Ion beat.*
Cool jest like fusion it’s coming 😅
You ARE good enough!  (not quite John B Goodenough good enough, but… HEY, YOU STARTED THIS!)
it's been 2 years and still nothing. i guess it's a lie. not surprised new starttup overpromise things as normal
I love when the algorithm digs up old videos like this.  FINALLY!  A graphene battery... it's gunna change everything.  Just like solid state batteries and fusion have.. oh, wait...  never mind.
Any chance of an update to the tech?
Have a look at a company called Skelton out of Estonia. It  is now producing a curved (patented) graphine battery super capacitor combination. It will be manufactured in the largest factory of its kind in the world, which is nearing completion and it makes its own, curved, graphine.
This video is 2 years old and nothing changed on batteries: they are still lithium garbage.
What about today?
That gifted kid segment hit home
Triangles are stronger than hexagons generally correct? Imagine if we could get it in a triangular pattern then use it for building. Obviously coming from an extremely limited knowledge base, but hey cool idea is cool idea am I right lol
Three months later, you realized that wasn't going to have a shelf life?😂😂 I've been making them for a long time to test electrolytic properties of the many forms of graphene. Aluminum is cheap and readily available.  It oxidizes and dissentigrates.
It’s a football that’s too effective
So when are companies going to go this way it should have happened in less then a year offering graphene battery
I've been making Graphene Monolayer Membranes for four years. Nobody else is doing that at mass quantity. You have no idea what a Full Scale Membrane can do. The Burgess Battery Company Legacy is declassified. Buckle up.
"Paperclip weighs about one gram each" "Paperclip(s)*"
Ran into this video more than three years after it was published - an update on the current state of graphene batteries would be nice
I had at work a device with 2 gallon sized capacitors in it. We had to shut it down for a day before we two days before working  on those capacitors. If you shorted them hot it would be the last thing you ever did,.
Ultra capacitors which have been turned up to…. 69.
That's funny, nothing FEELS changed yet...
Did it change anything?
love your puns, man. never get enough of them, no matter how cheesy they can get :)
two years ago. where tf is it? 🤔🤷‍♂️
It's been 2 years? Any updates Joe?
"artisinal mine in Congo" is CRAZY
Interesting content but could you indulge me and try making a video without the distracting comic asides.
They have found an inexpensive process to produce graphene from coal.
Its not Venom. You're still pressing puny voltages. You have much to learn about what has been suppressed. Prepare for the Burgess Battery Legacy.  Batteries? Obsolete.
A company in Canada is producing large amounts of graphene for a low price.
FINALLY and MIGHT describing the same thing?  Yeah! I am even surprised that I am here responding to another "Battery Breakthrough" 😩
Materials sicence is clutch...no doubt about it! 🙂
Combine that tech with inductive charging in highways and you have a real transport system of the future. No refilling - no range anxiety - no pollution (locally) - automatic billing. Voila, we see the future here…
China they still catch on fire all the time... aaand they dont have warranties
It has been  2 years.  Has everything changed?  Maybe I just missed it.
more bullshit, as we have seen.
so joe, its two years later, graphenes under 2$ a kilo now. yet we're still worried about lithium deposits to the point its dictating geopolitics.  time for an update maybe?
they're slow rolling graphene because they have TRILLIONS invested in lithium extraction, processing, manufacturing. land acquisition etc
Your puns suck and reduce the important subject
Joe, I'm please to see you've passed 2m subscribers. You deserve it.
Graphene is the string theory of material science.
UPDATE!!!! GMG;s latest estimates are 290-310 wh/kg with their current electrolye, theoretical potential is over 1000
Graphine/clophil solar panels? Why no?
Please give us an update on this technology within the next year or two! Thanks @joescott!
A space elevator is one of those inventions that's never going to happen but a lot of good things are going to come out of us trying to learn how to make it happen
A paper clip weighs a gram?  A nickel weighs half a gram, and I am sure that a nickel weighs more than five paper clips...
Amps usually equate to heat as the charge density increases in an accelerated manner, thus these Al-C(x) batteries still will have the heat problem, thus can short out creating a huge hot spot.. and there is no way around this if you want energy in or out.  They are more like a super-capacitor and should be used as such..  as in charging stations and in cars for that burst energy used for acceleration and braking storage.  Trying to get around the Amperage-heat problem just leads to the same problems that Intel (the chip manufacturer) has experienced.. unpredictable failure rates.    As for the price of graphene, well maybe it should be mixed with gold.. (->90+$/g) and deposited on the polymer separator sheet in various densities as gold is easily plated out in atomic layer form if deposited on an appropriate substance, as it has a tendency of separating into clumps, as aluminum does also and the deposition of graphene may be the factor that eliminates most of this.. (gleamed from https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/BoPET).  Big batteries with high amperage all should have temperature monitoring anyway.
We are getting closer. This company in the uk has already found a way of making large amounts of inch sized graphene sheets.
forget it; graphene batteries will never become viable. has Lucy every failed?
@0:13 correction: electrons can move throughout a conductor's cross-sectional area, not just the surface.  *There is a surface tendency at high frequency called the skin effect, but with DC and AC power supply currents, this is negligible.
Lithium Ion is pathetic. Burgess Batteries were 10 times better
U r trying to create more drama than a content...almost 50% time wasted bfr u get into actual subject
Aluminum is an imbalanced element and won't bond e-pole tight.
C graphene/Au graphene/C graphene Aluminum didn't come out without Oxidizing, instantly.
This acting is… something… but not acting.
If you could make a car that only went 130 mi but you could charge it in a minute, I think a lot of people would buy it.   The problem would be that you need a charger that runs at 1.8 megawatts I'm assuming your new lighter car can get 4 miles  to a kilowatt hour.
Plastics into batteries, mind blown.
I wonder what would happen if you shorted out one of these capacitors
1 year later and we still haven't heard anything from this, classic
Anything new on this?
you might say we are a world run by EXXONMOBIL (WHO HOLD PLANS TO  BECOME LEADING SUPPLIER OF LITHIUM) WITH THEIR AKANSAS PROJECT.  NOT TO MENTION THEIR EMPLOYEE INVENTED THE LITHIUM-ION BATTERY  in the 1970's. NOW,  MAKES YOU WONDER FOR HOW LONG THESE OIL COMPANIES (FAMILIES) HAVE BACKTRACKED OUR TECHNOLOGICAL ADVANCEMENT FOR THEIR CONTINUOUS GENERATIONAL WEALTH AND POLITICAL DOMINANCE, STARTING WITH THEIR DISCREDITMENT OF NICOLA TESLA'S INVENTIONS IN THE EARLY 1900'S.
"What's the catch?"  The catch is it's all bullshit and none of it exists. GMG is a shitco.
Did GMG pay you for this?
I thought that thumbnail was a bag of coke. 🤣
I thought of this in an o neil cylinder, but the question becomes cost and you want to minimize breakage/downtime.  If you have a Cylinder that's 400,000 ft by 50,000 ft, with eventually 1,000 feet of filled out shell, suddenly not only capacitance, but helping to shield radiation becomes a factor.  There are graphene concrete batteries, salt water batteries, graphene paper batteries, and eventually we will have graphene hyper capacitors (long Life and durability)
James Tour is a great scientist doing great work. The jealousy is obvious from those trying to dis him in the comments.
when I listen to you in the morning you’re literally morning Joe
Thank you for recognizing John goodenough!
I did a paper about recycling and it turns out ~90% of everything thrown in the recycling bin is sent to a landfill
Love your channel, it's always so interesting.
1:41 as a burn victim who had their accident due to two 18650 batteries….i can confirm safety is the big issue with them .
Graphene seems to be the only way out to have the supercapacitor/battery we need:  fast to store much energy, light and environmentally acceptable. Why they don’t merge all efforts to get there?
They put up a 12' chainlink fence and got 10' PVT slats 😂
60x faster charging? My power plants would be ded. But yes, better than stuff. Would work better in the cold too
very informative for me. wonder if hall effect of graphene could be exploited as a switching transistor?
There is LIG laser induced graphene and flash graphene. Both can produce high-quality graphene.  There is, of course, that one crucial issue is that it possesses no band gap.  That is its key drawback. Maybe the answer is graphene quantum dots and/or structures.
Graphene can do anything except going into mass production.
😂😂😂 You're funny..
Still waiting for the first Graphene used in any part of life...
Beta-Voltaics, the diamond battery.
I bought stock in GMG 2 years ago when they built their factory. Still waiting for the stock to go somewhere. But I’m happy they are moving forward. This has a lot of potential.
Since this video came out the first graphene semiconductor was created!
Artisanal mines? Slave labor.
Cannabis based graphene is impressive
Caterpillar is already using graphene batteries in their tools
It's a group effort for this. One company can't do it all. All the companies need to make the switch to graphene all at once.
Geez...I'm also graphene...thanks, Joe🤪
You have such quality content
Quantumscape's battery will last 300k miles. Hope the can release their product sooner rather than later.
Aw joe... Maybe these platforms think you are mid tier but you are top tier in my heart. ❤
Take anything James Tour says with a grain of salt.  He doesn't even accept the origin of life as real.  He's a creationist.  So... I dunno how much I trust his brain.
What about solid state batteries? We need a ssb video
yep,  sure enough click bait with no payoff.
My neighbor damned near burned down our duplex with a lithium ion battery. A package he received had an item with one of these batteries. He was in a hurry, tossed the package on the stove ....he forgot the burner was on. His whole side of duplex was gutted by fire. Looked like a bomb went off.  Electrical wires melted....it was horrible.
This year?
Give it 20-30years and we'll see if it is economically viable.
*Rio Tinto is NOT an ethical anything.* As a company they specialize in brutal treatment of the people who work for them extracting materials AND destroying delicate ecosystems and the cultures those places support.  The only reason that their interest in graphene tech is good news is that they will be extracting less volume of raw materials - NOT that the price will go down. *Also, they might buy the patents and mothball them.*
As a resident of a big city with a housing shortfall, and more and more e bike deliveries every day I can't measure how good it sounds to have batteries that will not explode!  And those lithium fires are very difficult to put out, as any Fire Chief will tell you.
If we had gotten the automobile industry to go big into gas electric hybrids decades ago, they might have saved some money for research into this and other, better, all electric batteries like this one, potentially.  Always be suspicious of the behavior of those who are motivated by money/ stockholder value primarily. They will help save the world when forced to by social and legal pressure (including positive incentives) and not before.
I am skeptical about it too, but that's because both industry and the new ideas funders in the speculative economy want to make money as a GUARANTEE. So lets put the technical facts out there and talk about them, so we are well prepared to know what we need to know in order to urge, encourage, or cajole those with money and plant capacity to get behind this with research and a big rollout. ... Also to investigate why it is not happenng faster. (Because these people will DELAY.)
Watching this for my weekly PUNishment...!
4:20 Hey I'm finally getting myself together in my 30s so maybe you're the role model! 😂❤
I have been hearing it since 1995.
Dude… the oil company will never let this battery because they own all the other batteries
James Tour is a young earth creationist. He frequently lies about science so he has little credibility.
Yo I think I know that tennis court, dope
Please find better sources than James Tour...
I wouldn’t put too much faith in James tour or any other scientist that works for the discovery Institute
I just want to point out that Craig Nicol looks like a very professional Tommy Boy. I can not unsee this, and now you can't either.
👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍
Just based off of the title i bet ian crossland would like this video
Graphine is like Thorium. They can do anything except get out of the labratory.
The fact that we're still having battery problems in 2023 means these aliens are not earning their keep!
10:54 James Tour? The James Tour not able to understand basic evolutionary principles? Would not expect him to do anything at all.
#WeAreGraphene
Mid-tier?? It took one video to get a subscription and a crippling video binge that has now lasted months and steals hours of my day. This is not a mid-tier channel
Stop yammering about simplistic nonsense and get to the point!
I would add about graphene patents. The number of patents per year has recently peaked and this is an indicator that (as in other historical tech) corelates to successful commercialization sooner rather than later. I'm betting on this being the decade we start seeing significant graphene technology disruption. Check out the data and come to your own conclusions.
Any update on this tech?
Non toxic, non volátiles chemistries like aluminum ion and sodium ion batteries will dominante the market due to cost, safety and environmental concerns.
I’m excited about the potential of graphene. The question I have is just like introducing plastic into the market place what kind of graphite waste will be generated and given that graphene is so tough will the disposal be as tough? Look where plastics can be found and the difficulty in dealing with it. We still haven’t figured out what to do with the endless problems of plastic waste
The jokes are an irritating waste of time.  You have good things to say.  Get to the point.
Now we hope it's durable and easily recycleable
Super Conductors; The University of Rochester has developed a Super Conductor than functions at 60⁰F or in the range of A/C. This relevant because current Super Conductors need to be cooled by liquid nitrogen which is too expensive for practical use.  Super Conductors are used in Cruise Ships motors,  that the reason that they are so big. Super Conductors are used in the Wind Mills  My question is why are Super Conductors are such a big secret? Why these high temperature Super Conductors of the University of Rochester become practical?
zentek is a graphine company and they are into about 1/2 a doz diff things but seem to be going no where is it must be real diff to work with
Could be time to do an update Joe
You're graphene or ADHD?
Eleven months later, I’m still waiting for the changes. I won’t hold my breath.
Lithium wasn't cheap because the process is easier, but because the industries are cutting cost anywhere 😑
Graphene is the must-have material for the next millennium. It is worth pouring much effort into optimizing its production. We are talking wafer-thin carbon-based super computers. Electrical clothing. Super materials way beyond carbon fiber and stainless steel. Bio-electro-mechanical devices. Artificial limbs, scaffolds for generating custom organs for individuals. And...the reusing of carbon from all other types of processes which nowadays throw it out as waste.
@10:55 Spock's dad
Couldn't the graphene watch cells just have 2 cells in series inside of them for a total of 3.4V (well within the normal range)?  I know 9V batteries are actually just 6 1.5V cells stacked on top of each other (in most common chemistries).
An upper limit of around a thousand Wh/kg...that's great until you remember that petrol has around twelve thousand Wh/kg. For people who only use their cars around small towns the EVs make sense, but anyone going on a long journey or towing a lot of weight will quickly drain a battery.
Hi Joe, just for your info, there is a company that is already manufacturing graphene based supercap energy storage modules. The company is Kilowatt Labs, Inc. , a US corpration with factory in Dubai, UAE.
THE BAGDAD BATTERY IRAQ !
99% of people that tried using a Space Elevevator, would shit the fukn pants at the first mile and develop explosive diarea at 5 miles lol.. it be a shit flame coming out the bottom of that elevator, comparable to that of the Falcon heavy  lol  ...alegedly  lmao
There appears to be a transition from graphene to borophene. It's cheaper to make and is even more conduction friendly.
cat tools just released a 5ah graphene battery that charges in 22 minutes. a similar 5ah battery thats not graphene would take nearly an hour to charge, at last!
You're my Dad pun hero, with stars in my eyes. 🤣🤣🤣
I fly a lot of R/C airplanes and have been worried about the Li-Po batteries while charging. Then after a flight , they are really hot and get puffy. I finally purchased a set of Graphene batteries and WOW ! A big difference. longer flight times and they don't get hot.
Yes much more conduct of them copper
I had the honor of attending a lecture (at the Weizmann Institute in Israel) by the co-winner of the 2010 Nobel Prize in Physics for his discovery of Graphene, Andre`Geim. We chatted before his lecture, during the open Q-&-A at the end of his lecture and, again, after his lecture. I was persistent about simply 'suggesting' taking his experiments to the ISS to acquire a totally unique environment {even an EVA} to measure any variance in those done on Earth. He sorta` fluffed me off each time, however several years later, I did read that some experiments on Graphene were, in fact, performed on the ISS ~ with differing, albeit, nano-sized variances. 0h ωεll, I guess I got my 15 nano-seconds of fame; 🤦‍♂
I thought we were taught that you can't actually store energy.
Not  sure the grid could handle everyone constantly shock loading it to fast charge...everything. I love the tech but limiting factor is grid and sources of energy.
I do have this technology on my Chanel.
So how's the Tesla working out for you?
what about charge memory: better or worse?
Except none of this technology ever comes out.
I can't deal with his humor...I am outta here
I am graphene cam 😂😂😂😂😂 that caught me off guard 😂😂😂
Imagine having Graphene woven clothes.
Now that this has been up for a while i want to see your data on this vid about people skipping your puns in the beginning lol
… more than eleven.
Graphene isn't available in large quantity.
Whaaaaaaaa(pauses to breathe)aaaaaaat?
Mmmm.... I like the idea of EVs, and of course a better battery is always a good thing.  Bottom line, if we don't come up with a few breakthroughs in materials science then EVs are counter productive to green.  Now, I don't buy the whole catastrophism thing with CO2 for reasons I won't go into here.  But I do like the idea of clean energy, as long as it can be done efficiently, cost effectively, and meet the demand.  If green tech can't do all of those things then it's a pipe dream.  What is scary to me is the shark feed that's been going on for the last few years around "cancelling" fossil fuels.  It's misinformed action by politicians  who use that ignorance to easily buy votes.  "Four legs good", and so forth.  That's sad.  Because the truth is somewhere in between as always, and yet we seem to be speeding headlong into a world which has detached itself from fossil fuels only turn in space and find that there isn't another tether waiting, only an unwound spool of thread.  It's too early to wean off of fossils.  I had a point but I lost it.  :D
Great stuff.
This dude is so boring to watch.
Graphine can do many things except leveling the lab.
They said asbestos was a wonder material too, how wrong can you be, I'm wondering how many more clastogenics are out there but are unknown!?
Joe Scott? More like graphine Scott..?
Keep the day job, Joe!
stop being cringe
At some point i'm hoping we figure out how to pull carbon out the air. then use for producing graphene
I shake my head every time someone says quote-unquote and then they say the sentence they want to be in quotes. You are the only person that I have seen that does it the "right way" @ 11:12. You say quote, then you say your sentence, and then you say unquote. Keep up the good work Joe!
So have you looked into the Rodin coil? Perhaps a video on that?
Science will still progress as always with or without a massive propaganda campaign on CLIMATE CHANGE.  All you do when you say climate change is turn away people that know its a pile of lies. We need green energy when it is ready, not when its just a collection of not good enough money pit inventions etc...  Climate change is just a weapon used to scare people into doing anything the big players want. They always try to scare us in the direction they want. Scientists will lie and accept bribes to back up anything they are told to. (c19). If big shots wanted new boats they would tell us we are sinking, we need money. Then they would start drilling holes in all the boats before we had the new boats as proof we need new boats quickly. They will force all to get rid of the old boats right away. Is it wrong to ask to keep the old boats until the new ones are built? Can you at least dock for a minute and let us get off the old boats onto dry land? Big shots say nope, you can swim to land on your own, as the drive by in their yacht . Experts say the planet hasn't been this hot in 500 years. How did it get that hot 500yrs ago. Was it cars, coal power plants, cement plant, cow farts??? You youtube Science guys are just propaganda pushing for clicks. If you tell the truth you will be cancelled, but still have a soul.
Latest testing data has demonstrated a calculated energy density that has increased by 93% from 150-160 Wh/kg to 290-310 Wh/Kg since the last battery update on the 22nd of June 2021
It's almost as if someone is holding graphene back.
I'm from Australia and it's rich and if this happens for them in a big way we will be even richer.
About the charging though my s22 ultra charges fully from 0 in like a hour or less with a 45w charger so I toss it on for 15mins and it gets like than 20%
My phone takes 20 min to charge. Vivo x80 pro
i"m so glad you went to a tennis court to make a visual reference for what 9 other tennis courts combined might look like!
Why do I have a sinking feeling that I know _exactly_ who is going to take up the challenge?
I’ve been following this tech for the last 20 years, and we aren’t really any closer to replacing our correct battery tech with this.
Scratch that, a 30-Cell Zinc-ized Graphene and Ionic Liquid Symmetric Supercapacitor sounds more promising and more practical.
Theory to Application always takes time, even when the demand is there.  I mean, I've been waiting for my realized android waifu for years now, and there have been some progress in that market.  Ergo, I can wait for these graphene batteries to be fully developed as well.
For the algorithm. ✊
To much talk about nothing  . The guy needs to stick to the point .
These have been out for a long time and we won't see him for a long time due to cost and lack of supply.
Actually it takes 19mins to charge your phone
0:54 *Pun intended*
its so bad it good Dang yo
Comedic Gold in this video :)
That stupid little pause was funny, one time.
Conductivity is proportional to the cross-sectional area of a conductor, not the surface area you state in the beginning of this video, at least in metals like your paperclip or a copper wire. Graphene is non-metallic and a completely different story.
Graphene.   Despite it being made from evil carbon, could easily create the greenest world there has ever been.  Particularly when graphene BATTERIES replace all other batteries!🔋   Forever!!🤗
Aluminum graphene battery could be recycled with gallium to make hydrogen too then reuse graphene/gallium
If I buy stocks it will be in this gmg
Well, since it's so space efficient, put two batteries into series in one battery case.
ok research and do a video on graphene and aluminum being the Mrna gene therapy shots😵‍💫
There's one that's better  Hemp
I just want to whine, I don't know what about though, I'll be back...
10 tennis courts, awesome! The universal way that Americans use to describe how wide something is.
Tech-nerd stiffy XD
4:36 😂😂
I'd trust James Tour as about as far as I could throw him. He's a notorious delusional liar.
Thanks
My dream car if EV is going to have a 30-Cell Graphene-Zinc Ion Supercapacitor for a Traction Battery, is this a good kind Joe? You problably understand this better because I don't exactly know what Energy Density this could have.
One problem   Nothing takes this kind of battery I'm day to day life.
6:43 is about where the actual info starts
A good analogy to graphene is plastic, and how long it took to become a common household product. And now we can't get away from it. So, yes. I anticipate a paradigm shift in technology once graphene production matures.
Can we make graphene from coal?
I'm so excited for this technology.
Is that Andre The Giant?
Joe, you need to wear your glasses.
You crack me up Joe. 😄
Come for the puns, and well, stay for the puns too.
1:12 rimshot https://youtu.be/9CdVTCDdEwI
0:11 The conductivity of a material doesn't have much to do with the surface area, but it's about free electrons available in the conduction band of the material.
What about Nuclear Diamond batteries?
Borophene Battery is better
"Tech nerd stiffie..."!  Ha ha awesome!
I like this guys presentation. He is so  expresive and informative
I just completed a 6,000 mile US road trip in my 2021 Model 3 SR+  Over 13 days of driving (July 10 through July 31, 2022, with time in Kentucky) from Sacramento CA to Louisville KY and back (with numerous side trips), I drove nearly half what I drive in a year.   Shortest distance ~300 miles. Longest drive 650+ miles. Average ~450 miles.   The final analysis: Wow. This is definitely a road warrior vehicle, despite so-called “conventional wisdom.”   I am still plugging in metrics and numbers, but I estimate about 60 charging stops. In all those stops, I only had ONE 5 minute wait, at Glenwood Springs, CO. One. 5 minutes. I’ve waited longer in a grocery store line.   I drove through and charged in major cities (LA, Amarillo, OK City, Little Rock, Memphis, Nashville, St. Louis, Kansas City, Denver, Salt Lake City) and countless small towns and wide spots in the road. Typically, I was either the only one there or one of two Teslas. My typical stop was 20-25 minutes. Enough time to have a short walk about, use the bathroom, grab a bottle of water, and then get back on the road (the breaks, and auto pilot, assured I’d be rested and relaxed after hours of travel).   Weekdays, weekends, rush hour, nighttime, huge supercharger (50+) or small (4), interstate or blue highway… I drove and charged through them all. No cherry picking.   ~60 superchargers. 6,000 miles. 13 days of driving. In July 2022. One wait. 5 minutes.   I can’t speak for others. But a complete success in my book.
Getting your hopes up because of the information from the manufacturer's management is fool hardy. Actual science please.
Love ya Joe!
Ring of Fire is the world's largest nickle chrome cobalt deposit. South of James Bay. Under development
How did u just describe me, I'm smart but I never apply myself bc I think it's a waste of time. I got a partial iq of 120 but I have a c/d average last year in hs
i agree with the space elevator thing
Nice! I have been studying about Computer mice of all things, and mouse mods and a trend with it's wireless mice is that they keep re-engineering them to be lighter and faster. One of the ways is that the voltage that runs the system is dropping. Whereas older gens used to be 3.3v they are getting down to around 1.7 volts, as well as modders convert the wireless mice to LI ION to save weight and even some coin size batteries. I wonder if these new coin batteries are in someone's mouse?  Love the puns here, nice work on the content team! I like the precipice it feels like we are upon with so many amazing technologies we are working so hard at to meet the urgency of the situations at hand. Great time to be alive! Cheers!
that side shot was so perfect
Yup.  Lithium Ion batteries have flaws.  They're charged up with icky gross energy from fossil fuels.
Great now I have a tech nerd stiffy!
In the short term it is worth getting somewhat excited about,  but this is what we need. I have no doubt we will make it, it's just a question of when and how.
What if you put acid into a super capacitor instead of oil hmm 🤔
“I know I know” 😆
Graphene will change the world... right after fusion does...
Whoa
I heard Brophene is even better and stronger than graphine. Please let me know what you find out??? 😏
You are top tier
Sick
being proprietary doesn't mean it can't be discussed.
it doesn't matter , nobody really wants inefficient evs lithium ion lost, lithium iron wins.
Thanks for having an annual subscription for less,  really love that content.
I love technology
The background noise is terrible. Is there a music?
Unobtainium FTW!
I am that gifted kid you speak of, currently mid-flounder. If I end up half as cool as you, I’ll die happy.
As always very good. Thank you. Graphene technologies are rather like fusion. We can see there's endless possibilities but it's always 20 years away. The engineering of these things to be practicable is really hard, just maybe impossible... but that's nothing new for technologies we absolutely rely on:  It's the reason why the majority of the world's most important silicon chips are made in about 8 factories mostly owned by two companies.* (A video?)  *As an example. Given a terrorist could genuinely bring the whole world to it's knees with just a hand full of bombs it's a surprise more isn't made of this.
Cool! Always great listening to you geek out..... Now, how's about you talk about that 'sand battery' breakthrough 😜🧑‍🔬
Craig Nicol looks evil.@ 8:39
Decent video, but charging times for Li-Ion batteries have plummeted in recent years though! You can fully charge phones from 0-100% in about 10 minutes. Newest Chinese EV designs can charge at 500-700kW making charging time as short as 15-20 minutes
... TRY ITS BIGGEST - GREATEST - COOLEST ...MORE AND MORE... WE HAVE ALL SUPER POWER TO MAKE IT REAL ...The EARTH' GEOMAGNETIC FIELD ...THE MOST STRONGEST THING... THE MOST POWERFULL ON OUR EARTH, ...AND WE HAVE EVERYTHING TO MAKE OUR BIGGEST - GREATEST - COOLEST ...MOON'S STARBASE, THE MARs' STAR BASE ...AND FURTHER MORE ...ALL ORBIT OF OUR SOLAR SYSTEM, OUR STARBASE SYSTEM... THINKING BIG - BIGGEST AND ...MORE GREATEST, MORE COOLEST... MORE AND MORE, DAY ON AND DAY MUST ON...
You definitely aren’t mid tier. 👍 love the video.
skip to 6:30.
I feel strongly that thermoelectricity will have a materials or physics driven boom in our lifetime. I’ve seen things like flashlights already that charge from the warmth of your hand. What kind of tech would we see if the efficiency doubled or tripled?
High tier*
2:23  Never forget that Cobalt is also used in the refining process of gasoline/petrol.  Also while people scrutinize the battery industry, to make sure their Cobalt is sourced ethically, the fossil fuel industry has been purchasing from these exploitative mines for well over 50 years.  In fact, they created the problem, then blamed electric cars.
I’ll be impressed when I’m using my iPhone 50 powered by a 30 year micro fusion core
Graphen can do anything except leaving the lab
whatever super material that is a supercapacitor as room temperature an at lower pressure.
I didn't  even have to listen but I can tell this is a clickbaite video
Whatever happened to Goodenough's glass type battery?
There really are undiscovered super materials. But for this you need to get deep into Uranus.
I've been waiting for this battery tech to start hitting the tech youtuber circles. I read the University of Queensland paper on this and have been excited about it for a while now. I really wish it were at the stage where it's ready for EV adoption because I am very much ready to buy an EV next year.
Try to be more serious, you're not a comedian
Graphene has been injected into sheep humans via the bioweapon they call the V-C-INE
Is that your tennis court Joe?
when I left the semiconductor industry, they were just commercializing Atomic Layer Deposition on silicon wafers, at the rate of regular IC wafer production
Did you mix graphene with carbon fiber?
I need a quantum battery that store energy into another dimention
From England, regarding your jokes. I’d opinion, brevity is a good friend to you
what you missed also is that the methane cracked Graphene by GMG is PURE ! ! !    They could make an industry just around the graphene as a product
$GMGMF and $GMG.V
Too. Many. Puns.... but interesting topic though :)
You mentioned a space elevator being possible. What about one servicing the Moon? Take everything we think we know about building one here on Earth but do it up there: 1. go capture an asteroid 2. drag it to the Moon and place it in a geostationary orbit 3. lower a grapene weaver to the surface all the while making a cable 4. anchor the cable 5. climb back up the cable making it stronger etc.  Surely, having a Lunar Space Elevator would lower the costs of getting people and materials to and from the surface to a minimum. Wouldn't it?
Up voting for li-ion
Nice dad joke 😂😂😂 Li ions share of the market
Not to denigrate the effort put into this video but do we seriously need another "This could change everything" video title?
Don't be too hard-on yourself, Joe. You bring a lot of value to humankind. 1.4 million subscribers is nothing to scoff at. You're awesome.
Hey Joe, I’m doing a mini binge, just want to say two things: A) thanks for the content B) YouTube chose to put an ad about 5 seconds into your sponsorship announcement. Since the algorithm-ing of your stuff is a concern, thought I’d let you know.   Thanks again for all you do!
Imagine using the Graphene battery for recuperation! If you have a car going at 50 m/s (easy going on a German Autobahn), weighing 2 metric tons. This car would have 1.4 kWh of mechanic energy. If it has to emergency break within 5 seconds, it would mean 1 kW of breaking power. And a Graphene battery would be able to charge fast enough to take all of the energy.
Li -Ions share of the market.     I laughed dude!
What does John B Goodenough think about graphene?
Just like Graphene, you are magical Joe!
I think it sounds promising
Those puns are elevating my levels of energy, you're testing my tendency towards non-valence
If not reaching your potential looks like you, please, for the sake of people like us, DON'T STOP!!
Great Graphene Battery in 20 years, to store all the energy from our Nuclear Fusion Plants in 20 years. Let's wait...
It hasn't been changing much lately,  seems like long term project about half way from actual practicality
I too am waiting for the space elevator!
The puns were funny.
Very punny video.
Too nice it is.
Couldnt Go more then 1/4 of the video from those annoing puns... And i really tried
COBOLT is used to create low sulphur petrol/gasoline and diesel. The Colbolt is burned in this process. This uses a lot more than electric cars.  Referring to battery recycling in 2016 is not worth amything.
Joe, with your potential, you could elevate yourself to the stratosphere.
I do have a tech stiffie.
The thing that worries me the most when I consider buying a battery-powered car is: ... out of many times can I charge the battery before it is used up and need to be replaced? It's not cheap to replace the battery pack in a car ... 😥
SRB  sweet /. ... , so let's ...ttAlk battery
No...it won't. How many more fake battery miracle we have to go through?
why is it so long, going over so many basics.
Your on camera volume falls off at the end of your sentences. It makes listening difficult and annoying.
👍👍👍👍👍👍
Isn’t it true that these batteries are good but really fragile. Check out the nuclear diamond battery made out of nuclear waste.
Did Joe just call Congo child mines “artisanal”?!!! Rudimentary or barbaric or horrific didn’t make it in the thesaurus?!
Also as an ESSENTIAL part of those who get a hard on over materials science and engineering check out the Materialism podcast!!
You are top tier man. Idc what the analytics say. Your are the creme of the crop and its the world's loss for not realizing it.
“i am graphene cam” -This is my life, except i don’t have a successful YouTube channel. I was the gifted child who would change the world!! And now I only make partial video games and social warrior all over the place.
It has nothing to do with the video or its content at all, but there is a series from Professor Dave about that guy your writer emailed to and how he is basically a evolutionism denier. Again, nothing to do with the video and that particular aspect of him doesnt diminish his expert opinion on this matter, but it was funny to see his face specially in a subject where it actually makes sense.
So what you're saying is that graphene is like William James Sidis? (see Joe's video about this genius)
The next big battery has been promised to us as long as they’ve been telling us the oceans will swallow us up because climate change.
Leave science. Try standup bro.
Only in the US do we use sports courts as a unit of measurement.
Don't worry Joe, we still love you even if you aren't living up to your full potential.  Actually we prefer you just keep making videos.
You do realize that all we want is to know what you're saying about graphing aluminum batteries not about all this other crap if we want to know about that of the crap we would go visit a video that talks about all that crap not jump on clickbait that tells you about everything but the aluminum graphene battery thank you
When Milwaukee Tools makes their pouch batteries for their cordless tools out of this, I'm sure they will allow us to use one battery for a full day of work.  It would definitely be worth the money.
Whats worse is when the gifted kid is discouraged from engaging in the gift in favor of something else instead.  Then failing for 20 years.  Then, picking the gift back up and crushing it after its basically too late.
Video wastes 6 minutes in total not explaining what Graphene is. *facepalm*
Stopped watching at 1:15
Hell yeah, I'm excited by it!
Faster charging is the primary problem with EVs, range is only a problem if you can't get to a charger. A couple recently used a Rivian to tow a trailered Mustang 2700 miles; they had to stop 23 times to charge; this wouldn't be a big problem if it took 5 mintues instead of 50 minutes; so if these batteries can charge very quickly and reduce weight ot EVs using them; you'd be doing a great deal to make them more practical - assuming the cost was not prohibitive.
I've seen this kind of headline way too many times to take this seriously at this point...
Great Show !! . Great info put into memory by  clever. But irritating jokes.
"It's not the stone age, it's the phone age!"  You said you'd stop.
0:13 electrons does not move on the surface of a condctor. Electrons are bound in to the conductor itself just like a pipe of water would transport water but the surface of the pipe is also transporting water. A bit away to say surface, that means the more surface the more electrons. In reality we do not use radiators as wires. Because its not about surface,
Craig Nico looks like an angry hedgehog.
2 points just by watching the first minute and a half.  A. Electrons don’t move in a conductor, charges do.  B. 99% of energy (haven’t checked the numbers but somewhere in that neighborhood) is stored in height differential energy storage. Not chemical. We are definitely not a lithium ion powered world
The puns are making my ears bleed.  Thanks!
I just love Joe's self depreciating humor! 😊😊
Puns make some people so negative. Of this I am positive.
So if graphene is such a wonder material, then how feasible is the production cost for getting graphene based applications out on the market. Production capacity seems to be the bottleneck here, if something is so brilliant and can potentially revolutionize our world, then why isn't production being ramped up as fast as humanly possible?
I am still waiting for graphene power lines to cut the copper and allow more underground cables
A CR2032 with 1.7V output is a dead battery.
How many recharges can a graphene battery do?   Will it degrade like Lion does?   That in itself would be a plus for such battery tech and maybe the make or break in many uses.    Equally, operating temperature ranges?  Another huge factor and opens up new markets and on others, cheaper as you say - no need to cool it.
graphene is pike nuclear fusion. always 20 years away
I remember when graphene was discovered as something that could be extracted from electrical soot.
Opening statement is clearly false.  Electricity in metal isn't conducted on the surface, but throughout the volume, hence why cross section area of wires is important.  High frequency electricity tends to push itself outward towards the surface, hence certain special wires that are bundles of thin _isolated_ strands to increase usable cross section.
Huh. It's so strange to see James Tour in this context. He's well known as an abiogenesis denialist, and was roundly trounced by Professor Dave. Several times. However, he is (and Dave has said this outright) an exceptional materials chemist.
Once they remove the carbon from the methane, it would leave hydrogen. Maybe a possible fuel source?? Plus Methane Digestors are pretty simple to construct(seen some constructed from IBC tanks and food waste and Maine has some to fuel a power plant), so perhaps we could see processing plants that extract carbon from methane with byproducts of hydrogen fuel and compost! I'm probably hella oversimplifying but it is exciting.
Cost of usable Graphene is the hurdle
11:42, note: you can still use 3.3v or 5v with this 1.7v coin-cell batt, you'd just need to sacrifice more current draw to power a boost converter for it, though i think a decent amount (i dont remember exactly, i almost never use coin-cells) of coin-cell batteries are between 1-2v depending on what you get anyways, so its in the range it should be in if i had to take an educated guess
What if they added nickel nanaoparticles?
thanks  sir
thanks  si
Thanks for the coverage on one of my favorite investments!  Great job and happy 4th
The one thing that keeps me watching your videos is that you are transparent, even if you poke at those that are blind to reality, you are not harsh to them. I have disagreed with you before, but saw why you went with the other side. You are a neutral motherfucker that i will give thumbs up to even if i dont agree.
Stop talking to the camera like it can talk back pls.
nice intro on this episode!
Thank God the process is proprietary. We really wouldn't want to disrupt how our industrial society works too rapidly /s
For what it's worth, I'm still holding out for that space elevator too.
GMG is creating graphene from hydrogen rather than mining graphite. This is another plus, since graphite won't last forever and there are geo political problems with securing  this material in the future. Thanks for covering this topic !
Graphene and tennis - My wife won a new tennis racket two days ago and it's reinforced with graphene... There's my "most useless comment" for the day.
Omg, Joe... outside...?!?  What did you do with the real Joe?
I'm here for the jokes. 🤣 Thank you.
If you have not done so already, look into what Redwood Materials is doing. Recycling LI batteries is what they do and A LOT cheaper than mining new materials.
Cheaper than cocaine
Damned capitalism again...oh, I guess, yay capitalism!
Does it goes to 11?
This was so much more watchable at 1.5x speed. Love the info but you really take a long time to get to the point.
CUT THE PUN!!
9:25 Quote of the day:"And if all that wasn't enough to give you a tech nerd stiffy..."
man.. you are funny and accurate in one shot! , Thanks for your great work
Well you got me laughing,, a little. Oh  super-caps, cool
He said tech nerd stiffy 😆
I remember we were told in the future we would have flying cars and no more roads but instead now we have men that can pregnant.
We produce electricity 🔌 in our bodies wait till they figure out how to harvest us.
I, too, am graphene, I feel you man
Wait!! It's Summer!! Oh right, I live in Wales UK which means it's still raining, it's just not cold rain, sigh! When the Sun does very rarely show itself, little kids start screaming and throw rocks at it! I wish I was kidding! 🙁
I’m as excited about this as I am about  nuclear Fusion!
not sounding energetic....why?
2 hours to charge your phone....What you go a slow apple or samsung phone?   Many have moved to much faster charging systems now like oppo and its great getting a full charge in less than 30 minutes.
I don’t understand the point of including bunch of jargon and numbers in this. Might as well read a textbook at that point. I love this channel, I just think it’s at its weakest when it’s spewing out numbers read off a script. Makes things very very very boring. Much love though.
Pricing is primarily related to manufacturing at scale. All these new breakthroughs only reduce the cost of manufacturing. In terms of technology, it's really just the same old thing with different materials. If you look at the cathode of the "tabless" 4680 battery's rose petal design, what you actually have is an array of tabs that form an integrated capacitor which means Tesla will continue to be the king of the heap for the foreseeable future
Tesla recycles 100% of it's own batteries. So it has indeed changed since 2016, at least with some companies. I think that 10% is made up of smaller consumer devices with smaller batteries. Ones from EV's get recycled and account for a lot of cells. Now, if people recycled them more, it would likely be far better and it's not like they don't encourage it where I live in Canada (Northern Canada no less). We can drop off lithium batteries (and old CFL bulbs) at some department stores and the battery stores that deal in only batteries, all take old batteries of any kind for proper disposal or recycling too. Our hazardous waste depot also takes oil and fluids, electronics, batteries, computers, paint, chemicals etc. There's a new form of graphene like material made of hemp now. So it will get cheaper, because it's also better than graphene. It allows for more charges, power and controls thermal runaway better.
It's like he's a stinker, but like he knows he's a stinker
Wireless charging sure would have been nice. That idea came and went.
4:00 As a researcher working on my Ph.D. in devices literally made out of graphene, all I can say is...chill out, it's coming.  The field of study of 2D materials (yes, that's what they're actually called, yes, we know they have a height dimension, it's just a name...) is less than 20 years old, and for most of the newest TMDs and TMOs, it's more like barely 10 years.  Graphene was only isolated (you could call it "discovered", if you want) in 2004.  The field simply hasn't had time to do all the cool stuff yet, but some of it is already happening.  Just relax.  All technology needs some time to refine before it can do anything good.  Nuclear power started out as a big bomb that killed a bunch of people decades before it became a stable power source, for instance.  Graphene will get there, it's already moving in the right direction.
Graphene? Borophene? Sulphur? Solid State? StoreDot? Sodium? Ultium? Thorium? and uncle Tom Cobbly and all? Cheaper to produce, at least 4 time longer between charges, 5 Mins to recharge? Where’s the proof? Why can’t we go into a local shop and buy AA and AAA batteries of these sizes and spec? Almost everyone uses these! Bullshit until then!
Hey! At least YOU became a mid-teir content creator on YouTube.  Some of us are still waiting to find out what our "Great Potential" is gonna be used for.  This is coming from the guy who was told, "You'll never get a job playing video games or doing tricks on your bicycle." growing up.  XP
are we going to play some tennis or not?
Your so funny.
Forgot to copy and paste. "Of the seven billion tonnes of plastic waste generated globally so far, less than 10 per cent has been recycled".
Hear that people? Joe doesn't support giving jobs to people in the Congo. One of those guys hand digging his mine may go on to modernize and run a company with hundreds or thousands of people under him. I'd support campaigns for education on the toxic nature of mining and proper mining techniques to minimize cave ins.
Lithium has become so cheap because more and more disenfranchised workers have no other way to make a living. So the current price is actually way too low. The comparison with the production of graphene seems to me therefore not valid.
May I have some graphene?
So your on "tik tok" now Joe? Thought you were smarter than that. It would be interesting to see you do a piece on why you should never install "tik Tok". Have Ryan open the source code on it and show how it's data mining and sending everything you do and say back to China. It's no joke. Oh yeah that's right, China refused to reveal it source code. Another red flag. Also note how China doesn't allow Facebook,Twitter,Instagram, YouTube, Wikipedia etc, etc. Because they are COMMUNISTS. But by all means give them everything and more. I am disappointed with this channel now. Unsubscribing.
During parent teacher meetings,my teacher would always say “he has potential”.    But my parents knew better.
We were not aware graphene had such a glorious potential, and look forward eagerly to see what develops.  With most eyes turning to graphene, Tesla may drop its early commitment to Li-Ion, eventually moving production to graphene. Musk investor money may be in play, already, in the unfolding graphene drama.   Very well presented-- clear enough to remember, and major points stood emphasized. All, a tribute to your editor(s). We thumbed up, and thanks for keeping us so well informed.
Its ridiculous that you are comparing Lithium ions (electrolyte material) with Graphene (electrode material).  Lithium ions can be compared with Aluminium ions, not graphene. Aluminium is advantageous as a cheaper and abundant alternative to Lithium.  And graphene can facilitate the faster charge-discharge process either with Lithium or Aluminum ions.
One of your funniest and best.  Congrats!
I think graphene batteries would be the equivalent of a "killer app" for electric-alternative adoption. EV cars, for instance, I've argued won't replace gas-automobiles in America until we have a solution for "refueling" at the same speed as someone would expect to spend time at a gas-station - and this could be it. Even for low-capacity battery storage, if recharge time can become near-negligible you would see a huge increase in demand and also a huge interest in suppliers of electricity (since they should be seeing revenue potential from that too; literally selling electrical energy hand-over-fist to repeat customers).
A CEO speaking is always full of shit unless they actually show it
Graphine and fusion are always just 20 years away.
Joe seriously needs to think about trying his hand in standup. I think he'd do better than he or any of us might think...!
Uh... Isn't James tour some kinda creationist psycho?  He doesn't believe in abiogenesis, evolution, and he has sorta lost his mind?  I could be wrong... But, any legit scientist who doesn't believe in evolution... Isn't really a legit scientist anymore... Right?  Evolution is the most obviously clean provable scitific comments, and, to deny it is to believe in weird, wrong things.
Stremelydangerous😂
GIFTED ADHD KID CRISIS!!!
hemp graphene?
Just keep questions of evolution away from Prof. James Tour.
i tried to listen to find out something interesting but you talk too much about nothing worthwhile  maybe on a different subject you might be able to get to the point of the subject instead of refrain constantly about every little nuance in history and experiential dichotomy in existence . i notice that it seems that most people want to be entertained by sophomoric soliloquy  more than just the facts mister that's why all the ' newscasts ' are now more soap opera and drama queen time than any relevant and pertinent information  many years ago - the news was the ' news ' and nothing but the news
I love this guy, BUT, come on Joe……..LAND THE PLANE BUDDY.
Dr. Amber straughn just tweeted the JWT will be releasing its first images in about ten days. You should do a podcast interview with her, that would be really cool to watch.
oh dude, 90 seconds intro made of cheesy puns.... well earned dislike. About Graphene - there is not much infrastructure today to utilize its potential to a decent degree, and how to produce graphene? today it is slow and expensive.
Is at least 3 years that I truly believe supercapacitor is the future of batteries... I came to the point of doing my own research making laser induced graphene supercapacitor with kepton and a laser cutter one of my friends has
I wish a "Joe Bot" would respond to my comment for me to text them...
PUNS! Don't stop! You on a roll bAbY!! Love puns, the cringier the better!
Oh no it's almost as if markets and capitalism are sh*t
good show,
gravity
Dude...you turned into the uncle everyone avoids because of the horrible jokes he tells. Or worse...dad jokes.
Sadly, most people don't realize how many problems a space elevator would fix.
design the battery so we can combine them into a space elevator ... mingling carbon threads , charge ahead ....
Good presentation, though I have to forward at each pun.
Graphene fusion reactors....
I think it is worth investing in and pushing.forward. the time for leaving progress in the hands of corporate america is over. It's now or never.
Cool vid. I've definitely read a lot on Graphene, & it'd be nice to finally see it implemented into a product.   But like success, the easiest hardest thing to happen, is the 1st step.
Alternating Current runs on the surface of a conductor. This is called the skin effect and effectively increases the resistance of the conductor. Direct Current, which batteries deliver, runs through the bulk.
The fast charging of graphene could open up the practical possibility of in road inductive car charging. Like how some busses charge at bus stops, only while in motion. At present that's not practical, but with fast charging you'd only need a charging road segment periodically placed.
Nice backyard Joe.
This video just got a like for the "Li-ion's Share" pun.
Another day, another battery breakthrough. Lies, lies, lies.
I'm 36 and can only dream of being a content creator in my 40s with 500k views in 4 days...
Great video! Will they recharge as much as Lithium batteries?
Joe,  Hi it's Sean. Future video idea: First graphene powered house.
I'm graphene... Need that in a shirt.
Dont worry Joe, I am also graphene
Graphene sounds like fusion, only that fusion is 3-5 years away from net positive output
Enough with your jokes. They arent funny. Just move on with the video and it will be way better.
Haha "tech nerd stiffy" hahahahahahaha
Going flat-out with graphene. ... I could not resist.
fortunately the Supreme Court will render all this sciency  stuff irrelevant so we won't need to worry about whether or not it will actually happen.
My son kept chewing on electrical cords so I had to ground him... He's doing better currently and conducting himself properly.
No one wants a space elevator duh
The football you just can’t kick.
Commenting for the algorithm, gotta get Joe pulling millions of views again!
silento
I'm for (totally ditching the idea of a BATTERY).  And pulling our energy from the either.  I can see it, and it's true.  We live in a sea of energy.  We just need to take it.  Remember the EM drive?  How it took about a zillion watts to push the length of a red blood cell?  It only makes sense to be excited about such a technology if you can have access to an inexhaustible source of energy.  And on a lesser note, that same logic holds true for electric cars.  They are (really), for realzies, only desirable if you were carrying an inexhaustible source of energy.  And that source of energy is all around us.  We just need to tap it.
Yep, and fusion power is right around the corner.
HOLY SHIT the production quality :D
I don't know, graphene might be cheaper than diesel soon.
This is crazy and totally irrelevant to the video: I was walking down O’Connell Street in Dublin Ireland today (1st of July) and I saw a guy who looked the spit image of you! He had on a pair of shades that made him look just like the thumbnail of your channel profile. I nearly went up to him but thought there was no way this could really be you. Right? Right??
vs NDB's with their 28,000 year lifespan!
Holy get to the fucking point
I have heard of a dozen or more breakthroughs recently in battery technology.  I say, talk is cheap.  When I get to use such a battery and find no hidden problems....then I'll buy the talk.
When you pul lithium ion in machines the wurk 20 jears. When I use it in a phone the tun 2 jears. Do to the led screen needs to release less negative space from the battery. That the battery runs out of diverentional in the strinks of the set of conditions it was bevore. And that technician dit not saw that .  While the phone sencors one for daylight and one vor led lights to dim and to open wider for creating  lights automaticle is like I childis dropping in to a pile of shit to get that marble🤣🤣🤣.  And jad some ectoctronic people becoming wise I saw last week finely they see energy transmition trouth the wire dimention for electrons to move along it .  Not jad realizing asking the question whay.  While the wraping of space bi the energy transmitions. And the parts who hat to less negative to leaking outwars in to the inviormend and the one to get to negative take from the inviormend. Whay you can move more treuths smaler wires is that those dimentions are haven togheter more conection with the outside CO balance out not for coper atoms to tlreposition for your could our wires to burn. And this energy transmisions  as energy diverentional displacemend was mastered as electrons🤣🤣🤣 You saw plus and min. I saw thentional diverentional bi the introduce ratios of plus and min of the coper dimention and the dimention where it is within😍🥰😍 And finely they start understanding🙏😍🙏  Put aluminum in the fridge I bad you in the fridge it becomes more conducting as the space inbetween within and around the aluminum atoms become more lubricant and conducting bi becoming less negative space dimention.with otroduced diverentional is able to become bicker without overloading aluminium😍 And than you'll see en mabey one day you'll understand whay😍🥰😍
If they can do plastic into graphene, it solves a lot of problems.
WOW LOOK another SOMETHING that could change EVERYTHING.... WHEN I ask WHEN will something Change Everything?
I think it would be interesting if you reacted to your videos pre-pandemic. So much has changed, esp what our future what going to look like, vs what actually happened.
There’s a guy with a cane and a tomato waiting outside Joe’s door
FINALLY!
Let's hope Dr. Tour sticks to his field and doesn't venture back into 'creation science' and 'debunking evolution'
🏈🏈🏈🏈🏈🏈🏈🏈🏈🏈🏈🏈🏈
OK Joe, I heard that use of an M in capacitors at 5:29. You're grounded for the day.  :)
After cost and safety I want to hear about efficiency, cold performance and number of cycles before it dies.
Looking at electric cars there is so much wasted space that could be more batteries.  Screw the frunk….gimme batteries….wonderful batteries
At this point I'd love to see graphene do just about anything useful, but that football has been yanked away so often that my normal response to the term "graphene" is skepticism.
When it comes to "on the horizon" materials science I'm most excited for the combination of protein folding and cas9. Mastering protein synthesis and production could lead to some pretty crazy stuff!
Joe have you looked at the potential environmental and health aspects of a graphene future? How does graphene break down? Will it aerate and create a respiratory crisis? And the thought of a 60,000 mile cable unhinged from its orbital pop form wrapping itself around the Earth! We probably have to leave.
Joe why did humans find pale skin more attractive throughout history?
There's a very simple reason why this material and many other materials and devices are not produced and put out into the public. It's called Planned obsolescence! Once you make something that works so good that you don't have to buy another one of them, well that's no good for the company who needs to constantly sell the goods. Quite sad but that's the game that they play. Sell a man a fish, and you feed him for a day. Teach the man the fish, and you've ruined your whole business! LOL
When I heard Rio Tinto followed by ethically sourced I cringed real hard. Not the best company there.
Good video.
You can make graphene with cigaret butts....
👍 just for the puns! 🤣
4:35 your best joke 😂😂
lol you got 1.4 million subs brah
Imagine a drill battery that could recharge in a couple of minutes! That's gonna be be nice!
If all information was presented like this I would learn so much more top notch yet again
Oh, the puns are killing me, LOL.
When are you gonna go on Joe rogans podcast? IDK...it feels like it's time, right? IDK I use to be very indissive but know I just don't know...
When I heard about Graphene's properties a few years back I knew it was a matter of time for this to happen. After all batteries are the most poorly evolved part of technology mainly because they're really difficult to optimize. I think the reasoning behind why is because other parts of technology require precision and that sets back affordability while batteries can work with pretty much any quality of film and it'll only affect it's specs.
Speaking of graphene, look up toyo tanso
Lithium is only cheap because it has a MASSIVE infrastructure and is a traded commodity. It is arguably more costly in everything but dollars to produce. Once graphene  production scales up to 85,000tons(2018)...it will be pennies/kg.
Your comedy is the untapped supermaterial.
Comparing the costs between lithium and graphene batteries 80 vs 1000 $/kg, I'm afraid you didn't include the costs of the respective co2 bills. The production of lithium batteries, from extraction to manufacturing and then recycling, has a very high cost in co2. What does it mean to use electric cars if it is not mainly to influence this co2 bill?
So, can it discharge just as fast? Will I electrocute myself? Hmmmmm
lmao nah ur jokes are funny most the time bro. if u cant have fun and enjoy what you do. why do it..
I do make turbostratic graphene.
And the self discharge rate?
I am making graphene in scale.
Funniest one to date!  Thanks for that
Great information, though your jokes fall as flat as graphene itself.
Does grapheme have hydrogens that aren’t depicted in the cartoons shown? Those carbons were only shown having 3 bonds…
Did i hear graphene is 4x stronger than steel. So whats the tinsile strength of 1 atom diameter of steel? Oh right that cant be done...  So does that mean its about as strong as a molecule of steel? Oh wait steel is like 5-10% carbon. Meaning 10-20 atoms per molecule to get 1 atom worth of carbon in there. So 1 steel molecule is as strong as 2.5-5 atoms of graphene, although it takes 6 atoms to form 1 complete graphene section.  You do the math!
too many bad puns.  Couldn't make it through
first one I was like 😐 but the "phone age" made me laugh XD
The head down and “Yeah, I know!” Made me subscribe
So it seems to me that although it's very expensive, its far more recyclable than Li.  So when you purchase the material, you need to consider its longevity.
Soylent batteries are made of people!
Believe it when I see it, like the commercially viable net positive fusion reactor that has been "right around the corner" for 25+ years.
i am sure in couple of years a doctor will come out and say they found a cure for cancer using graphene
Yeah......our current batteries are not going anywhere anytime soon 😕
the good enough joke was very good
I finally gave into your constant nagging and got Curiosity Stream with Nebula.  I better enjoy it, or so help me, I will…  I’ll…. be out 14.79.  Don’t try me!
Another fantastic video Joe. Thank you for airing  this positive advancement towards a better more sustainable world. It is always darkest before the dawn. I just hope humanity can reach its potential. I believe it can.
Makes me wonder about if there is a future where we have micro graphenes in our oceans etc.
My jumpstarter now run off of supercapacitors.  Works very well and should last forever.
your thumbnail looks exactly like my weed bags from the dispensary... i got excited and then disappointed .. . still a good video
"It's not the stone age it's the phone age"
Wait until you hear about the Lion electric buses and trucks company
What phone takes 2h to charge these days?! I remember getting a Huawei P10 back in 2016 or 17 and it took about 90min to charge and they have got a lot faster, a lot!
You funnnny joe I always love your content it makes me smile thanks 🤔
borene?
had to skip   not funny  tedious i will let someone else explain graphene
Stick with combustion, seems easier
Lithium Ion..... Has the Li ground  .... *Badumtzz*
LoL the coin battery is 1.7V??? I filled an old tackle box with sand liGht and dark rocks and used Graphene, Copper and Aluminum foils for the leGs and it stays at about 1-1.2V and it will Get 1.7V if I add urine or saltwater and it's 3phase...
Dont get excited. For example this one will be available in next few never.
You're a top tier content creator in my book Joe
Space elevator  I don't really understand why it's a good idea, you still need a lot of energy to reach the escape velocity. If you are on the equator you have a radial velocity with the earth of 1666 kmh You are a 6350 kilometers away from the earth's axis. Your space elevator has a space station at the end of the cable in geostationary orbit. At about 36,000 km altitude from the earth's surface, so 42350 kilometers from the earth's axis, and, to has for the geostationary orbit a speed of 11,068 km/h So you will have to accelerate your elevator in the radial direction by 9402 km when it reaches the top. Where are you going to get that energy? Further, the weight you bring to the top pulls down by just as much. You will have to correct the orbit
sometimes i wonder why i don't watch this channel, and then i watch a video and joe makes 5 shitty jokes in the first 5 minutes and my cursor is just hovering over the close tab button and i'm like "oh yeah he's fucking corny"
Very punny.
Have you been listening to Ian on Timcast? :P
I have some "graphene" lipo batteries that I run in my r/c cars!  Thanks for the vid, Joe.  VERY interesting and entertaining, as always! :D
*Ian from Timcast is gonna flip his shit when he sees this...*
Why you always look like you have been drinking?
Thanks Joe!
Ian Crossland sent me.
was new to me that Tesla makes battery's
You okay bud?
مساء الفل 🌹🌹🌹🌹 والجمال 🌺🌺❣️🌹
When you said the gifted kid who didn't reach his potential I could've sworn you were talking about me..... but I'm not even a midtier youtuber in my 40s yet :'(  Here's to hoping graphene (and I) can live up to that potential soon!!
Science fiction author, Philip Jose Farmer, in his River World series, described a hybrid between batteries and capacitors. He called it the The Batacitor. Funny how fiction can "invent" reality.
Those batteries might be the holy grail or as we call it Gra-Al (get it?)
the huge downside of the EV revolution are all the semi-exotic and exotic raw materials - we will destroy the Earth trying to scale out prodution of these to where will make oil and gas drilling look like a green energy source. And Elon Musk says the US energy grid needs to be trippled to convert all ground transportation to electrical. But nothing is being done about that all the while a war is waged on oil and gas industry. So as people try to buy EVs and the scale goes up, that will just result in causing brown outs of the grid.
Ian approves.
oh, man - am suffering bad pun whip lash
Lithium ion? Are you trying to tell me LiOn batteries are not powered by lions?
I don't know if you said it and I missed it, but what is the expected number of charging cycles? That's always a pretty important metric imo
10:56 I think professor dave said his chemistry-knowledge is good, but in physics I know that guy is a sharlatan
Finally came out to touch grass huh Joe
Waffle waffle waffle. Stuggled to stay with this.
Li-Ion battery's are indeed good enough for the most part, and I saw what you did there.
14:16 No, that's a lie. You do not get nebula and curiosity stream for 14.79$/year. You need to pick a yearly plan of 52.49$ to get nebula+curiosity stream. You actual liar Scott. In fact, the normal subscription to curiosity stream isn't even 14.79, BECAUSE THERE'S 3$ OF TAX TOO. Really Scott, didn't think you were the type to just blindly accept misleading sponsorships like this.
That low, pounding, music in the background gets annoying rather quickly.
The "li-ion share of the market" was world class!
3:55 - you made a pun and didn't even acknowledge it, Joe!!!  "The potential of graphene is off the charts" --> when talking about graphene's electrical properties, in which voltage is referred to as "potential".....
Here’s a problem with cold batteries how do electric vehicles heat their Cabins if the heat from the battery is removed. They’ll need more batteries to charge heaters.
Heard Hemp makes good Graphene.
I don't understand why a graphene battery would be more easy to recycle. You said it would be, but haven't given any explanation as to why.
I saw the thumbnail and thought it was a bag of cocaine.
i think its when you combine the... positive and negative... like this that you reach your best... potential >.>
I was working on this last year. But being  from a small reactive country I couldn't secure the funding and it flopped 😢 but I'm glad to see someone doing something  about it.
As NOT a native language owner I barely understood the context and jokes.
I'm loving the science content! More pls... Remember the algorithm is evil, a popular video is often a bad video, so we don't need doom and gloom thx...     ;)
its the stone age when you brick your phone >.>
Why nowdays  youtubers think they need to be stand up comedians?
And not to mention solid-state batteries are coming out as well
Rio Tinto and "ethical" are two antithetical concepts.
Wollowitcz part deux
You do realize that graphene is only 18 yrs old, and mass production of graphene is a fraction of that, and mass production of graphene with minimal imperfections is not available yet, so to say that graphene is "just a ball we can't kick" or "a kid with potential but no belief in himself" is just not realistic or fair when considering that the material is so new. 10 years is nothing on a technological timescale, it has taken us over 70 years to get semiconductors to the point where they are now.
Great informative video. The low thrumming sound adds nothing to the experience.
Joe, I love your work. But, what's the deal with your battery fetish? You have done, like, a dozen battery videos. Batteries are boring. Just my opinion.
Yes, excited
Yet another "miracle" battery.....(yawn).
Graphene is single layer graphite, nothing new at all.
That is, fun to hear.  Because all batteries or devices to store large amounts of energy in a small area have the same problem.  When damage occurs on the energy store, all that energy wants to escape.  In the case of chemical batteries, this is smoke, explosion or fire.  With non-chemical batteries, however, this can hypothetically really be lightning in a battery that kills people.  And yes no firefighter has put out the lightning yet!  I like to imagine batteries as water and chemical batteries are streams and rivers, while non-chemical batteries are dams on rivers and when they explode no one stops them.
😅😅😅 the Puns 😅😅😅
What about its 'Recycle Power'? I'm only at the 8:42 mark...maybe you addressed this.
When Joe says “love you guys, take care” I know that all is right in the world…
Hard to watch.  Good science but don’t try be funny.
I remember the time when this channel hit a plateau, and Joe shared it in one of the videos. I think it was about 130k subscribers? Now I can see 1.4 M followers. Joe, you just don't have a potential, you actually made it :) You made a lot of people interested in science, that I am sure!
the issue is, when this battery accesible for all of people.... the use of electricity will skyrocket, and we haven't come up with efficient way of making electricity that doesn't destroy our planet yet....
yay to space elevator in 2023
I have made a lot of money out of trading GMG stocks and options. Their stock goes up and down like crazy (that's why I love it apart from their innovations). It's around 2.75$ per share now and I highly recommend buying their stock (today is June 30th, 2022).
I was wondering when you were gonna cover this.
FINALLY! Another video about graphene here that is actually not
"tech-nerd stiffy" Can girls play, too?
One word Unobtainium.
03:22 I feel like when Joe was looking down there, he was checking his script in his inner monologue: "Who wrote that tacky pun?! ...Oh.  It was me. It was me. Moving swiftly on!" 😂  (Feel free to nick that for a future video if you found it funny.) :D
Ive discovered this new stable super heavy transurinuim element ive named it ununobtanium!
Thats weird -_- i had to resubscribe
As a fellow former "gifted kid with loads of potential", I appreciate you Joe. Maybe I too can be a mid youtuber by 40, maybe I'll buy you a beer someday with my YTbux ❤
Lithium and water produces fire.
So happy to see folks from the great state I live in, Queensland, possibly coming up with the next game changer battery tech ...keep on keeping on!
Joe, I have to pull you up for a sec mate. If you talk about Australia and aluminium in the same paragraph, it's pronounced al-you-mini-um. The only thing that comes close to the way America pronounces the word is the interior coating of a CRT monitor. Aluminised film was the name of the coating. Copy? Carry on...
At last someone that belive in compasitors.
I remember hearing about 'viral batteries' back in like 2006, viruses that can be grown the size of a football field and rolled into extremely tight cylinders the width of a regular, say, AAA battery, and provide tons of power. What ever happened to those? Yup...
This was fun!
Do you mean electrons do not move in the middle of a middle of a metal wire just the surface?
@11:00 "have to determine if the graphene is of the high enough quality for batteries", I'm sorry, again, but, WHAT? If the graphene is 1 molecule thick, how TF can any one particular sheet of graphene be better or worse than another, they are all the same molecule, are they not? and are only, singly, comprised, of that single molecule, are they not?  Sounds like more shenanigans to just simply not utilize the tech...  If it is 'dirty graphene', polluted with other molecules, it wasn't graphene to begin with...
First grams of aluminium were _way_ more expensive than gold. For some reason we use the same material for drink cans now. Maybe somewhere around Persian gulf they have golden cans ..
everyone can hear the siren's call and turn their avatar to a ukraine flag and we as a country can send billions of dollar seemingly overnight.... but a tech that could actually provide luxurious decadent life for all future generations forever? "*Yawn*, When's the next season of Stranger Things??" the dumb masses chant, having been made uncaring and ignorant by design...  We could have accomplished great things already, have a society the likes have never been seen before, but instead we spend unfathomable amounts trying to keep the worst of society alive and thriving. It is now costing humanity it's future. I'm certainly no eugenicist, but I do recognize an 'opportunity cost' when I see one.
@8:38 why is the CEO a white guy? You should feature the African companies/CEO's developing this life altering technology!
Joe, as someone who "used to be into conspiracy theories", I'm highly disappointed that you seem to think as per @4:20 that graphene has not succeeded because it is "like a smart kid that flounders around".  WHAT? I'm sorry, but, WHAT?! You are smarter than that. You know, as I do, exactly why graphene, and other advanced technologies, have not thrived in the last 20 years, and that that lack of technological implantation has been by design.  Why not mention that archaeology and technology have been held back, intentionally, in order to maintain an artificial status quo. Why not?  I would love to indulge in details, but to do so would result in Youtube deleting this message. The same reason why our beloved Joe can't mention said facts... Yay, censorship! For the good of the rich!
*yawn*, been hearing this for the last 20 years... let me know in 20 more years what the next great suppressed tech is.
What is the true cost of lithium production? e.g. Taking into account environmental damage caused by mining lithium.
Joe, you are not graphene.
Those puns were shocking
I’ll get excited once I see it on Amazon, and I can get a next day at cost of $199 for 500wh.
I heard the same empty promises 15 years ago with the whole Carbon Nanotube craze.
Tech nerd stiffy……..noice!
getting excited?  worth it but I won't hold my breath
Graphene: the fusion of batteries
The puns are polarizing, but I feel positive about them!
Thanks!
The US Electric vehicle made by Arcimoto uses pouch cells for it's 20Kw battery power pack 8:30
So you are saying that hand held rail guns soon yea?
A quick search for publicly traded companies with "graphene" in their name revealed a short list of about 6: All have horrible financial fundamentals for the value investor. From a financial investment perspective it's a wait and see about graphene.
Imagine giant underground batteries storing energy from renewable sources or a large house battery that has the same purpose.  And imagine the batteries come from aluminum and carbon. Some hope for the future. And we need that right now.
Rio Tinto? Ethical? ha ha ha
paperclips made of steel....
There is another graphene battery on the market. Right now they only sell battery packs, but they charge quite a bit faster than a comparable lithium ion battery. Plus a new concrete that uses graphene as a component and has increased strength compared to ordinary concrete.  It may be taking a while and hasn’t become a wonder material yet, but graphene is starting to arrive at the market and it does have a significant quality advantage even using lower grades compared to existing materials that can allow it to gain a foothold in the quality/luxury market needed to get more money in R&D to start producing it cheaper and at the higher qualities and larger sheet sizes we would need to start unlocking the wonder material aspect of graphene.  From a historical perspective we should also remember the first synthetic plastic was made in 1907, but didn’t become the ubiquitous material used for disposable items until the 1950s-1970s. Graphene was discovered in 2004. Even if it takes until the 2050s, it seems likely at this point that graphene will be a game changer. I’m personally hoping that it’ll become big in the 2030s. The 2020s seem more likely to be the era where graphene becomes a niche product like lithium batteries were in the 2000s. If so then graphene may become big in the 2030s, and a wonder material in the 2040s if we’re lucky.
2-layers graphene is still considered graphene (as opposed to graphite that has hundreds of connected layers).
I believe this is one of the future solutions.  There are others but I would back this one.  Love the presentation.
That jar you have must have a lot of dollars in it.
paper clip.
Someone show this to Ian Crossland
It's like I've been pun-ched in the face. 😆
Hate to say it but Australians are famous for these vague, high tech, jargon filled, unlimited potential, claims.  It’s not real.  Sorry
Wow that intro was wild Joe. Nicely done!
Never stop the puns 💯
The future is exciting.
i thought this was Matt Walsh from the thumbnail
Electrical Conductance does not scale with surface area, Electrical Capacitance scales with surface area and that's what matters for energy storage.
What about a battery made out of element 115. I heard about it somewhere once. Idk where.
Alabama graphite mines should be productive soon.
quickcharging say 5000mAh would require quite the energy brick tho...
Don't let the Chinese steal this technology.
This gets REAL at 4:05!
to clarify, electrons move over the surface of plastics and similar materials but in metals they move through the material so it's cross-sectional area.
I am Graphene's weeping electrons...
Space elevator to a blimp.
Li-Ion's share of the market IS AN INCREDIBLE PUN.   That's gonna be in my head all week.
Almost took my like back after the puns!
Joe, so you're saying li-ion batteries have their 'negatives'?
They should put the design question into a quantum computer
Might actually jump into curiosity stream again. Does the promo work if I was already a member at one point? I stopped subscribing a couple years back cause I ran out of docs to watch (I watch A LOT of docs). 14.79 for an entire year is nuts but makes me think... am I gonna be out of docs to watch in a month again? I've been heavily considering Magellan TV. Maybe Ill do both *thinking face*
Exhiting stuff! 😁👍👍
the battery issue is a large problem why tech as a whole is partially stagnating
Re: Gifted Potential - There is a whole societal and mental issue here where we build them up and praise them but don't properly support them. They go and go until they hit a wall they don't have the tools to overcome and they are admonished for being lazy or not applying themselves when they were set up for failure.
Craig Nicol looks like discount Chris Farley I wonder how much thought he put into trying REALLY Hard to make it a carbon-nickel battery so he could call it a "Nicol Carbon" battery. Nicol for your thoughts? If only I had a nickel for every like and a Nicol for every dislike
Graphene now being incorporated in lead acid batteries, where it also makes a big difference. In effect battery becomes a super capacitor battery hybrid.  More importantly, you can actually buy them through various manufacturers.  Cost currently is about 60% premium over standard lead acid, however, manufacturer claims this is easily recovered through greater life.
So, if we eliminate the need for cobalt- What will the child workers be forced to do next?
Very interesting. You seems "slightly" tired though...
When did 1+ millions subscribers become mid tier?
I love how he said smart phones not Samsung. It’s Samsung. There shit is so 🔥 never forget lol! Theres a pun.
Oh please oh please get that graphene battery price down!
Graphine is a further example of how energy density in batteries has a long long way to go... especially when you consider that an energy grade nuclear fuel rod the size of a coke can power nuclear submarines for 80+ years !!! ... Awesome Video !
man.. you are funny and accurate in one shot! , Thanks for your great work
Don't let anyone tell you you aren't funny - You're hilarious!
James Tour, as in James Tour the "creationist chemist" ?
get two birds stoned at once
6:30 Super capacitors are capacitors turned up to 11.  Ultra capacitors are turned up to 69.9.  You're welcome /bows/
Graphene saving the world is definitely Lucy's football... so is fusion reactors.
Your electriciy jokes are shockingly bad!
I'm pretty sure those puns are a war crime. 😱
🤣🤣 much more so funny
Love your puns!
Graphine is the modern version of nuclear fusion lol
Omg, if you know, than stop! Just get on with the news
Joe.  You have buckeye balls.  And I continue to believe that you, and I , and general AI, and graphene will one day shine.. in a light powered by (non solar) fusion.
I was about to name you the "Father of all Dad jokes".....But then you did that self-effacing brilliant schtick calling yourself  cam graphene....and I must now publicly admit....I adore you, good Sir.
hexagons are the bestagons
So, I take it that the next future of battery technology involves unobtainium?   ; - )
Electon doesn't move freely in metals and this concept of free electron is just wrong. Please read about or do a bit of research.
Joe, you are a top -tier content creator in my book!
"Tech Nerd Stiffy!" LMBO 🤔😆🤣  I Love every video you & your team produce. Always educational, funny, & overall heavily entertaining.   I hope that You & Your Family are doing great, staying safe & healthy Joe.  Cheers, Stephen W Vernon BC 🇨🇦
Could you imagine a graphene super capacitor paired with a nuclear diamond battery?
Isn't James Tour that religious pothead defying Darwinism? I would not believe anything from him.
This video is Goodenough!
love those puns!
Real life Vibranium???
100 kWh in 5 minutes is one hell of a wire..
Go dad jokes
Look up the MIT tech producing graphene on a copper substrate on a roll to roll system; plus, how thin can you make the copper?
Graphene material crafted machines are gonna be *awesome* !     _Until you have to take them to the mechanician for fixing, and he tells you he doesn't have a one atom wide twizzler or something_
great video Joe but I think youtube is losing it. your curiosity stream / nebula sponsorship was interrupted by two youtube ads   😂
- Did you hear that the Energizer Bunny was arrested ? - He was charged with battery.
Would be nice if they could capture atmospheric C02 to produce graphene
4:10 I found out recently that that is called undiagnosed ADHD
I need to invest in graphene before it takes off
Great video but someone is going to have to prove that this isn’t a “Lucy with the football” moment. Until then, li-ion it is.
Would love to see a video about the company Solid Power out of Colorado!
I've just noticed that Joe looks like Steve's Rogers uncle from Kentucky.
Just throws in at the end that they are partnered with Rio Tinto
13: 00, are you listening Yes sir  Just one word  "Plastic"
Very nice video
4:35. , I like that reference
Is Joe the actor in the new spectrum internet commercials?
Joe on location!!! WOOOOHOOOO!!!!
dude the comedy is too much, maybe back it down by about 66%. or more.
No Li-ion batteries don't run hot Joe. It's just their chemical composition is like a match you can't get wet, its highly prone to combustion.
Are you trying to tell us your wife is pregnant?  Because your jokes...
Graphene is so relatable
Has anyone thought that the stuff is really lightweight, graphene? So. 1000 per KG, may be a good deal, because a KG of graphene is a lot of graphene???!!! I keep finding these completely ignorant claims that the stuff is expensive... make it with hemp, that's fast and cheap.
Sigh. You had me until the whole Rio Tinto bit. A few years ago They blew up an aboriginal cave art site in Wa that was over 30 thousand years old that crapped all over the Lascaux caves in France. Not because they needed to but because they could. After taking a total bath in the ASX over it the CEO said something like “Ahhh yeah, we probably shouldn’t have done that, my bad.” And resigned with an eleven million dollar payout.  I was working an iron ore mining site nearby at the time and even those of us that have made a living from this thought it was a step too far. RT are like literally the last people on earth that should be put in charge of a nascent technology like graphene.
40 years ago there were electric cars. (Actually over 100 years to the first horseless carraiges).  Cars like pintos and vegas that were converted with 1 motor, lead/acid batteries, 40mph top speed and 25 mile range.  There was ZERO thought that an electric car was ever going to be "real".  Time and investment/invention changed that.  Maybe that will make graphene super uber mega giga capacitors "real" in the future?  Maybe the elevator ride 240 miles up will be real too?
GOOD ENOUGH...........NICE..I see what u did there Joe. Well played sir. I sure hope that good old chap is still alive!
what about the sodium glass batteries 😩
if you like graphene, graphyne is like graphene but rather than a honeycomeb the lattice is a more easily foldable layout; think of it as made of copies of the benzene ring connected and overlapping eachother, so it can form nano origami, in addition to all sorts of interesting material and electrical properties  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Graphyne  other chemicals can form stable 2d sheets too https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stanene https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Boron_nitride#Hexagonal_form_(h-BN)   mixing these in complex ways at the scale of organic life along with other interesting quantum elements like room termpatrue superconductivity and quantum processing is interesting to speculate about!
Too expensive....not enough money.....money that we just made up out of nothing....so....wait, what?
You know darn well the battery is NOT gonna be cheap
I’m debating investing a few grand into GMG. The stock is at an all time low, and could double at any moment especially the potential with an actual graphene battery on the market this year
4:20 Samesies! Gifted school, only to become and alcoholic. "You have so much potential" they told me... I strongly dislike the way my life has unfolded. And it makes it worse to think that everyone thought I should easily be doing well, when in reality, I'm struggling just to feed myself
👍
No. Not all paperclips are made of steel. Some have a copper color and you obviously don't get get brown steel unless it's rusted
You mean feed two birds with one scone
Wow, at around 3:10, you really phoned that pun in.
Love the Spinal Tap joke. Laughed up to 11
Finally flying cars will be possible
maybe something like the chips that were too expensive for phone manufacturers until a company bought a metric ton of them and lowered the price for everybody happens.
Gotta realize that James Tour often sticks his nose into areas where he has no competency…..
1:24 For anyone that doesn't understand the pun, that's John Goodenough.
Looks like Joe  must have kids hitting their teens. His facial expressions give away the fact that he knows the dad jokes are taking over but that he is powerless to stop them...
Your a goober Joe. I love it!
What about life cycles?
All of us on this channel are graphene.
Hi Joe ,  I live a few miles from the UQ in Queensland and did not know anything about their research???  Go figure ? Does sound interesting but we've heard it all before?  Thanks again for another great video. GRegg.
20% of Lithium Ion batteries recycled (in 2016) is fodder to pro ICE/anti EV crowd that points to this lack of recycling as a key reason to avoid EVs.  In spite of virtually nothing of an ICE vehicle being recycled. Nevertheless these arguments are important to defuse if we are to move towards sustainability.
Borosphene is the next generation of better  materials.
The video starts with such an ignorant lie statement, that i rather spend my time on writing this comment than continue watching the video. Electrons expelled to surface only on high frequency AC current. DC goes in bulk. Check the formula of resistivity from school physics textbook or something 🤦‍♂️
Joe scott and puns. SHOKING I know
4:30 or they realise that pursuing that potential won't make them happy and they do what brings them joy in life.
Charging that fast would be a challenge. Roughly, (i hope) For a Tesla Battery usable 90.0kWh, a 6 min charge needs 600A at 240V. Try that at home!
Hasn't graphene quietly become commonplace in high duty applications? I believe it's mostly used as a an additive, like in rubber for tires or in lubricants. While we complain about it not being the leap in technology that was promised, we might already have gotten used to its benefits.
Joe, it is great to sometimes start video outside from studio, really refreshing, thanks for that
Would love to see a video comparing battery technology with supercapacitor arrays. Supercaps are really starting to come into their own in transport systems such as light rail, and I've also read that they could be the answer to self-propelled electric heavy traction (notably, heavy road transport vehicles, but also trains where no overhead or third rail supply would be required, but rather momentary charging at signals or stations, etc.). The biggest advantage besides materials costs (environmental as well as monetary), they have an amazing ratio of power life to charge time.  (As I write this comment, I'm starting to think you've covered supercapacitors before ... 🤔)  EDIT: Note to self. Watch ENTIRE video before commenting, or you're bound to look like an idiot. Still, I'm gonna "own it" ... (do kids still use that phrase?). EDIT: And James Tour? Hmm ... might wanna "read up" on that guy. :/
The CEO of GMG looks like Chris Farley in Tommy boy.
👍👍
2012: - FINALLY! A Graphene Battery That Could Change Everything  2017: - FINALLY! A Graphene Battery That Could Change Everything  .... NOW! 2022: - FINALLY! A Graphene Battery That Could Change Everything  2023: - FINALLY! A Graphene Battery That Could Change Everything  2024: - FINALLY! A Graphene Battery That Could Change Everything  2025: - FINALLY! A Graphene Battery That Could Change Everything  ......... ........... 2040: - FINALLY! A Graphene Battery That Could Change Everything  2050: - FINALLY! A Graphene Battery That Could Change Everything   Me: Enough, YouTube! I see where you are going with this
Love the potential of this, been interested for a long time. But, you're right hearing about it and actually seeing it in use are two different things.
...Didn't think the absolute quack, James Tour, would show up here... He's good at what he knows, but he's an avid evangelical science denier.
I think any super fast charging battery is more suited to portable devices than transport. Super fast charging requires very high capacity infrastructure which is expensive, though if you charge for a shorter time, there will be less cars charging simultaneously. Much cheaper batteries with reasonable range and charging speed would be the REAL game changer for vehicles.
The dream. Plastic into graphene would… wow
Comment
Worth the hype.
I wanted to watch “The secret life of materials” but nothing showed up when I searched it on curiosity stream. Is it controlled by region?
Joe - on the surface: There is some more complexity behind it. Electrical energy is not as superficial as you describe it. Of course, there is some tension in this topic, explaining that there is something different inside this whole thing. To be more specific: Its complicated. To cut the puns:  That electrical conduction happens on the surface: Theoretically is not completely wrong. But practically, it is completely wrong! In the simplest view, conduction happens in the whole cross section of a conductor. But electric charges repel each other! So if you have enough electrons, they move near the surface simply from trying to get far away from others. That effect is very strong at 100.000 V, but at 3 V or so in a battery it is not relevant at all. This is called the skin effect: The conduction happens on the outer layer of a conductor, but the thickness of that layer depends on the voltage, and in every days life, the thickness of the conductor is always much thinner that the skin layer - it is just all skin. Except in a thunderstorm. Here, it is just all skin too, but even the skin of thick-skinned people is thin in terms of skin effect. Oh, sorry, I tried to cut the puns...
What the fuck is a tesla battery? Dont u mean panasonic battery? LOL
Hashtag batteries
Joe quit punishing us. 😒
Great potential, perhaps 3-5 years they'll be more mainstream.
Paperclip will conduct electricity on it’s full crossection. Skin effect which you told about in the start starts to work on higher freq currents..
Great video You are appreciated❤️
YES SPACE ELEVATOR!!!
Drop the puns and got to the point
Drop the music. Either make it consistent or not at all.
Energy density, specific energy, potato, tamato, it's not like they're different, right? ...😑 But as always, the humor and education was 👌 The paperclip to tennis courts example was genius.
James Tour ?? (11:13) isn't he the guy who doesn't believe in Darwin's theory of evolution? Never thought I'd hear from here in this context..
I think we should punish him for his depleted jokes by electrifying him.
The cost of Graphene is the least of all challenges ahead of this technology. GMG get it uber cheap from natural gas and First Graphene (also Australian) get it uber cheap from Petroleum. Each company has their respective process patented. I did enjoy your introduction to the plastic recycling option however. Your jokes hurt ;) but appreciate the content!
wher can i get one oboy
Damn, that ~40 second intro, with the little drums, great explanation, lav mic and MULTIPLE CAMERAS!?!!! Oh yeah, you’ve earned yourself a subscriber in under a minute of video!
The thought of me having to replace all my tools for the new fancy battery's is scary. But other than that , it's very exciting. Lol
maybe if we pound that paperclip a little harder people....
Graphene seems like materials scientists got wise to the pitfalls concerning Unobtainium (among other things, this is the material the humans want to mine out from the Avatar movie).
Joe, You should do an episode on how excessive use of puns are sometimes a sign of brain damage.  I have a super smart friend that just cant help himself to make pretty clever but exhausting puns way way too much. He has had several concussion's in his life and we are pretty sure he has this condition.
Computers have one big battery and many many small capacitors. I wonder if that would be a better approach to cars as well. The capacitors can deliver large bursts of power while the battery output can be more smooth. It keeps the battery cooler and helps it to last longer. Perhaps capacitors at the wheel wells, AC, heater, charger, etc would help to reduce the size of car battery needed while improving on its performance. It is not either/or for me, it is both and...
Aren't carbon nanotubes made of graphene? Those are used in a wide variety of products nowadays, you've even made a video about them before if I recall correctly.
It would be great to see a combination of the two, a fast charging "buffer" capacitor that can offload it's charge to the larger and slower chemical battery, perhaps even work as a good power source for energy spikes. That way we get some of the benefit of the cutting edge without the cost of a complete conversion. We already see a similar kind of tech in storage drives for data, which is why large data transfers often start fast and then slow down once the super fast buffer fills and the input slows to match the overall rate.
"And a lot of potential." That was a brilliant joke, and I'm not sure anyone caught it.
I'm Excited!
The worst offender to recycling Li-Ion batteries is disposable vape pens, the majority of which are just dropped wherever they die by the user, I have been collecting them to create cosplay gizmos that can be activated by breath giving a great range of uses for a cosplayer wanting lights, servos, smoke or pyrotechnic effects. Inspired by my daughters occupation as a costumer.
A space elevator would be awesome
I think it'd be awesome if we could sequester CO2 from the air and turn it into Graphene.  It'd be nice.  Yeah.  Nice.
There is aluminum graphene in my Moderna vax. Why?
That's why I love this channel. I too was a gifted child with a lot of potential that ended up doing nothing with it. Too many interesting things to learn and unable to focus on just one. I don't even have a youtube channel.
the "I Am Graphene" bit was so unexpected to me that upon beginning to laugh, my body decided to instead inhale some mouth juice. Thanks for the minute long coughing fit, Joe. I'll be expecting a full shipment in the near future plz
If they can get 10x the charge cycles at a similar performance, 10x cost would be a wash... If graphene batteries are 10x the price (and actually compete) I would pay $150 (vs. $15) for a 18650 battery that charges 60x, or even 10x faster, as long as it has 10x the charge cycles of the 18650s that I rapidly blow through... I'm not very hopeful tho.
Would graphine swords be any good?  I want me a graphine sword.
If you know, then why do you keep making these stupid puns? I mean if they were good or even contributed to the video great, but those are just cringe and make me want to click away from the video.
honestly "phone age" is the only pun that got a legitimate laugh out of me
Yeah dude I remember being a kid nothing that was rechargeable had lithium batteries in it I was really into rc cars and up into the mid 2000s your batteries were nickel cadmium I believe and electric cars in the 90s and early 2000s were more of the same
Also, if you consider density and volume of material needed compared to lithium, graphene is potentially cheaper or close to comparable.
Whoops, there's a typo in the thumbnail ... 😜
I love the humor... puns and all.. It's good humor... well, not ice cream, but close.  I love ice cream.  Makes me fat and gassy though.. still good.  Oh Yeah... speaking of gassy, what about gas fueled battery's... like that use atmospheric Nitrogen?  Anyway, great video as always.. thanks!
Hey at least you became a mid-tier content creator. I didn't even get that far. But I'm a hoot on trivia night.😊
So i bought GMG today on the long chance that this Aussie company can get their s together and bring us we all want......thanks for enlightening  me on this Joe.....i honestly think your broadcast influenced yesterday's price.....I bought today on that dip......supper low trade volume
What is a "light socket"?
10:51 Wait... _THAT_ James Tour?!   UUHHHHHH well hopefully he's better in his own field 😬
I wanted the two minute update on who is releasing a worthwhile graphene battery. Not a 15 minute lesson with jokes session I didn't need. Better label your vids please.
Local recycling centers still won't accept lithium batteries.
Well graphene offer some really incredible enhancements to batteries all those batteries still need electricity to charge them. The really big problem we all face if we continue this movement towards EV for everything is generation of electricity beyond what we have at this time which is not even meeting demands. And this is all in the quest of zero emissions which using the current means of generation of electricity coal natural gas Hydro in limited amounts of nuclear we can't meet those increased demands. Newer forms of renewable energy such as wind and solar I've been proven beyond a doubt not to be able to handle those demands.
always get excited. the disappointment will never stop me from getting excited again and again every fucking time until I die! we're going to get that space elevator, joe. that bitch is coming. it might just take our kids kids for it to finally be realized. graphene has to become extremely cheap first.
Graphine is the new carbon nanotubes.
Since 2016, there has been a massive increase in the amount of Li-ion batteries recycled.  Multiple companies have sprung up to do just that.  Redwood Materials, a company started by Tesla Alum JB Straubel, is one successful example, but there are many more.
I am looking forward to what happens!
Maybe graphene batteries and fusion generators can share the Nobel Prize -next- some year.
I wouldn't be too impressed with Tesla's battery technology. He just makes them bigger and claims it's some kind of evolution. the 4680 has 5x the volume of the previous generation so naturally, it has 5x the energy. He is a world-class con man.  https://youtu.be/dMmaG_3NnGs?t=124
Are your pins giving us a charge?  Positive!
Aside from the "mid-tier content creator" stuff, you perfectly described me as graphene there for a minute.
It does not have rare earth elements, give it to me...
Nothing mid-tier about your videos or your channel. Keep up the great content!
Joe: It's might be possible to recycle plastic into graphene Me: Dont..Don't give me hope
My guess is that through constant research and development, the battery industry will get to a commercially viable automotive graphene battery. Unfortunately it will take years. A decade? Who knows?
Keep the puns coming, makes your videos more enjoyable and entertaining.
That Could Change Everything
I’m genuinely hoping this goes way faster than the past.  Graphene always catches my attention !🤓💖
EV charging times will not get dramatically shorter, the current limits are exactly that... current limits. The most powerful chargers currently in operation give you 350kW, and that is already using somewhat unwieldy, thick, water-cooled connections. Without the cooling, the wires would melt. Doing the math... EVs typically consume between 15 to 20 kWh/100km. So to get a decent 300km range, on a highway, you need about 60kWh. Charging at 350kW will give you that in a little over 10 minutes, assuming the battery can actually handle that load the entire time.
Joe brother you okay?
Lanthanides and Actinides are the FUTURE!!!!! (and "RARE ELEMENTS" are NOT really all that rare... which is WEIRD)
The superduper mega capacitors, hey been cranked to 13, , , , , , , ,,,, twice! 😆
Ok wow cool new battery great awesome but let me guess… it’s extremely toxic to put in my mouth right? 🙄 god give me a break let me know when they make one of these that are actually edible
i don't like outside joe... i need some constants in my life
Potential doesn't matter if we can never actually use it.
By the way, everyone talks about graphene like it is the miracle material that is going to change the future. But no one talks about how it is recycled. Short version - it can't be recycled. And that's a massive problem, graphene will be the next plastic. People should put more thought into how are we going to recycle it before putting it in everything, like plastic is nowadays. There are a few clips on youtube about how unrecyclable it is.
12.5 times the cost for graphene doesn't actually sound too bad.  Depending on the device, if I could spend 12.5 times more for a battery that charges extremely quickly and holds a large amount of energy, I'd go for it.  Though I suspect that there would be a ton more factors to consider, each of them potentially adding to cost along the way
10 percent of li-ion batteries get recycled? thats way more than 2 percent of plastic.  Graphene batteries? link where can i buy a cell or few and test the living crap out of it or it didn't happen. sincerely electronics design engineer. Quantum this, nano that, graphene that... i say bullsh... i mean sci-fi.
Chemically perfect graphene still breaks under its own weight at Earth space elevator lengths.
Thanks for this video Joe. Great job
Big up to the Professor's at Manchester University for giving the World this gift.
So what you are saying is: "Finally! It's here! https://youtu.be/5kj83ouhXTo"
Can we please PLEASE stop talking about new battery tech miraculously enabling devices to charge in seconds? Even with today's lithium ion cells, the charge rate is often capped by power delivery systems, rather than cells themselves!  I don't know about you, but I'd rather wait for my laptop to charge over ~2 hours than have to tote around a >1400W charger.
I know you keep shrugging off your jokes so the haterz don't hate. But to me this was one of your funniest videos! I legit LOLed a couple of times, probably a bit too loud. Dude, we love you.
terrible puns!
2 hours to charge your phone? Not if you have one of those 125w fast charging Chinese phones. This comes at the cost of heat however, and with heat comes less longevity.
3:00 - on that 2016 "10% of Li-Ion batteries are recycled". That's also 10% of the *number* of batteries. The overwhelming majority of those are tiny Li-Ion batteries in tiny "disposable" devices. The rate among larger devices (laptops, even,) is much higher, and the rate for truly large (EVs) devices is near 100% (there are also very few EV batteries that have *NEEDED* disposal/recycling yet.) Even in 2016, far more than half of Li-Ion batteries _by weight_ were recycled. (And 2016 was early enough that the number of Li-Ion EV batteries being disposed of by that point was effectively zero. Every EV with a Li-Ion battery pack was still under warranty at that point except a few ultra-limited-production-run vehicles like the earliest Tesla Roadsters - and Tesla offered a battery upgrade program most took advantage of that extended the warranty.)
I liked this video primarily because of the existential midlife crisis. lol
1:35 - When people say your puns are too negative, you just have to remain positive.
Turned up to... over 9000
Clickbait we'll see how, we'll see..
Graphene mood.
On fire today 😂
Grapheme has been junk for 20 years yet touted as Jesus itself.
We need to be able to manufacture graphene at home
Dude! not every sentence needs a pun.
Joe I want to take a moment to recognize you for leaving the house to add that paperclip/tennis court production value to this video! Very nice!
15 minutes of wasted time, get clickbaited and try to sift through 99% of useless talking
I stole your jokes and used them when we all went out....100% effective birth control
How come nobody discusses the phosphorus issue EV batteries use a large amount of phosphorus but phosphorus is predicted to run out in 50 to 100 years so are we not just setting ourselves up for yet another failure just like gasoline just a random thought 🤔🤨 show idea just saying
when ever you want to use graphene in something you end up using graphite, because soon you realize you can't do anything using single layer of it. i don't know why they have to scream that they used graphene, it is like someone eating meat say "i am eating animal muscle cell" true but completely unnecessary and stupid. and another thing by adding layers of graphene it doesn't lose it's property.
The fact that GMG is working with bosch makes me excited about them
Manchester University in the UK spent a fortune researching Graphene and the cost of production is an serious road block issue ... but also one guy found a way of using Graphene to convert sea water into drinkable water without massive damage to the eco system. That could be a big thing in the future.
I’m looking for a company that will pull carbon out of the air and make graphene out of it
Narrative of Self is the result of a feedback loop between “Separate Self” & Cosmos- 🟥
Advantage of graphene : it would be cheap, Disadvantage of graphene : it is expensive
This is by far the channel I watch the most. I love that you cover so many topics and I love your insights. I send your videos to my friends and fam all the time and I always learn so much!  You’re awesome Joe!!
That gifted kid not achieving their potential hit hard 🥲
You said pre-rolls lol 13:49
Tesla bots will be here before graphene batteries.
What phone do you have? My phone charges in under 30 minutes.
The humorous parts are not humorous. The theme would be interesting.
Huh, and there I thought we already had these from Estonian manufacturer Skeleton? Yeah, there was this video from the Fully Charges Show, visiting their factory. But reducing the cost is always good.
haha. you said "one Adam Thicke"
engagement engagement engagement
I’m still holding out for fusion and the return of Jesus.
You’ve been telling jokes for over 30 years.  Keep it up.  You’re bound to tell a good one some day. 😋
Our kids are going to be tapping their phone against some type of energy transfer dock and have it insta charged in 5 seconds and wonder why the heck we waited hours for things to charge 😧
Your "Potential" part made me feel like you were talking to me. Is that good or bad?
"Phone age" is a horrible pun but it is an accurate description for modern life.
Mε ?,  I’m waiting for my car, household appliances and my digital phones, tablets & laptops, not to mention planes, spacecraft and ☂ umbrellas to all be ροωεrεδ by Will Power;   …however, Mr. Power hasn’t done anything in this, or ‘any’, direction of, 🧐, let’s say βίο-tεςh, because he, too, has made it his present occupation for “someone else” to figure this all out.   Until then, I’m still putting my mind toward Mr. Power, or someone like him, to get my lazy donkey off this sofa and get myself another bag of topologically-challenged 🥨 pretzels.
Aluminium. . . A-L-U-M-I-N-I-U-M
Oh Lucy, you got some ‘splainin to do….
I love how far tech is coming! Very good video Joe thanks for all the time you put into it!
So the Australians have found the Gra-Al ! :S This will piss off their uncle-brothers on the Antlantic side for sure
Tech nerd stiffy 😂🤣
Hey Joe you should cover borophene, its stronger than graphene, more flexible and it a good conductor of both electricity and heat, and it also superconducts.
Nice to see more positive videos. It would cool to see a video on 2D materials of which graphene is included. I think your viewers would be interested in the different “purities” (forms) of graphene (one/ two layer, flakes, magic angle, etc.). Keep up the good work joes!
Where to buy?
hi joe, why aren't you answering on whatsup?
'I am graphene cam' got me lol
my God man, get to your point!!!
I'm okay with your puns, but the most cringe-worthy part is that you seem to cringe at them. It comes off as fake, it breaks the rhythm of the video. Those are decent puns, you gotta own them, goddammit!
The big joke about this huge global push towards battery operated everything, is that the whole production process to mine lithium and make the batteries is just as bad if not worse then mining fossil fuels, and also the biggest contradiction to every logical thought on this planet is that we BURN Coal to produce electricity to charge these batteries, and run nuclear power plants that produce tons of toxic radioactive waste, so going green is a load of horse shit being shovelled down our necks so that heavy industry can thrive in the future just under a different guise.
constant tslk and sarcasm from him and a waste of time
DUDE!! Congratulations on making it to the trending page!!
Man, if only oil companies would rebrand themselves as energy supply companies. Then they could use their ridiculous profits to find the solution to global warming instead of the cause. And they could stop lobbying to make the transition from fossil fuel more difficult.
Ah yes, another miracle battery that will change everything, can't go for a week without hearing about another one
TIL I'm graphene...
8:34. THEORETICAL. I am visualizing Oppenheimer and friends of the Manhattan Project living in this current Internet and social network Eve, saying things like "guys, plutonium is the key to the ultimate weapon to win all wars"... Cause this video is just about batteries, nothing important these days.  All that makes graphene great came from the heart of a pencil: it is graphite going supermodel thin. Coal to sell smoke LOL  Love your channel though.
I serious laughed so hard at these puns. Made my day. Keep them coming! Love ya Joe
seems to be a new battery every week that will change everything
Which will actually work first? Nuclear Fusion or Graphene? 😜
Your puns are just phone-ey
i lolled at the i am Graphene  tangent 🤣🤣
Battery tech is becoming a bit like nuclear fusion- perpetually tomorrow.
I feel like we need an update on what Johnny B is up to these days
"Feed two birds with one scone"
puns, you should read Xanth series
Why is it so expensive if it’s made from such abundant materials?
I don't think you realise how electricity works if you're saying 'some type of battery will not have heating problems'. It might be easier to cool but if battery produces current it produces heat. It is basically the same thing. Also current does not travel exclusively through the surface of materials. Otherwise all cables would be produced in a form of a tube.
Our government about 10 years ago sat a whole heap of our scientists working on government projects like this
Love the humour in this episode. What did you do differently ?
You missed a perfect Spaceballs reference...if it's past 11(Spinaltap), then it's dialed up to ludicrous speed...or just "it's more than 11...it's ludicrous"
Hey buddy don't be too hard on yourself. You've help me learn.. stuuuff? Y-you know what, it's not important. What IS important is that you're putting your content out there. So keep.. putting it out  where people can see. You've already touched so many children and changed their lives forever with what you put out. 😎👉👉 You're going places
It's something to get excited about! The price is not that much of an issue, because that is the same with every new technology. We all remember the time SSD's hit the market at a price of around $1/MB... they were way too expensive to replace those HDD. Now, that's practically all we use at a fraction of the original cost.  Looking forward to this new technology and I'm also optimistic, since in Western Europe we all went into a cramp to look for renewables so we can stick it to Russia... It feels like we went for a stroll for decades and all of a sudden we ramp it up to 6th gear.
What about condoms? Super strong and super thin for that natural feel. And probably reusable. Remember, it was my idea first.
I worry that graphene is like fusion - always 20 years away.
This would almost allow regenerative breaking to fully charge the battery so you would require a much smaller battery. With the weight reduction you would also have better range.
It's amazing all the materials that we've created out of basically nothing other than luck and intense scrutiny. I don't feel as though graphene will be largely marketable in my lifetime (33) but it may be in my kids or grandkids, and at that point we will see many other technologies come to fruition that can almost eliminate our climate issues and other problems.
The start, is wrong .The amount of electricity a conductor can move does not depend on the surface of the conductor. It is the cross sectional area of the conductor. The free electrons are not only on the surface of the conductor, they are also free in the centre of a conductor. The electrons are free because the atoms that conduct do not hold onto the electrons in the out orbital shell, and it does not matter where the atom is.
football sadly. i also think spacex killed the elevator idea. if they keep getting cheaper the elevator wont be feasible.
If you are talking batteries, it should be required to have at least one Goodenough joke in there.
I just want to point out around 8:15 you mentioned charge time. The limitation of charge time on electric vehicles is based on the power source. Not the battery within the electric vehicle.  Most EVs are capable of being charged in well under 15 minutes. So about the same time as a pump that's running really slow... Or slightly less time than if you have to run into by just one thing but there's a stupid line because the lottery has a high jackpot.  Anyway, my point is the super capacitor charge time and the lithium ion charge time would be identical even if we had perfect super capacitor batteries available right now. And that's because the limitation of charge time is based upon the limitation of the power source.   Since EVs are actually a mature technology, pretty much every manufacturer decided that right around 7,200 watts is the correct amount of power for the onboard charger. That's based more upon the generally available power for level two charging, then it is on the battery..  So then there's level 3 charging, but again every one of those machines is limited by what it's capable of putting out. Most of them are limited to a certain amount and that's why even when you have the cool super fast charging Porsche you won't charge any faster than any of the other CCS vehicles because... The limitation is actually the charger and they don't make a bunch of chargers that are super high output. You'd have to be exceptionally lucky to find one.  And you can't put them anywhere because you would need the power source large enough.  Can this be fixed? Yes. You could even use your super capacitors to fix it. Just store a shitload of power locally right there at the charger so that you can dump it all on the battery at once and charge that EV battery from the locally stored power and then slowly top up the stationary power source battery consistently over time. But that would only allow for intermittent fast charging and not continuous. So it would work great as long as it's not like a gas station with a line.  In other words, talking about charge time on EVs is a stupid moot point, but it's a common talking point for people that don't actually own EVs.  Those that own them, fit the criteria of people that can use them and therefore they don't have any problems. People like to argue that charger availability stop some from being useful because they don't live in single-family homes.... To which you can easily reply.. ok. Don't buy one until you have a place to plug it in.  Problem solved.
joe by no means are you a mid-tier content creator. imho you are probably the best science communicator there is. i am always dumbfounded when i'm reminded you only have 1,3M subs. your production value and content is worth at least 8M-16M imho. and i'm not exaggerating!
So somehow this company has cracked the code to energy storage and yet not one major battery manufacturer has shown any interest whatsoever?
I honestly don't care about the charing-speed of a battery, the most important things for me are their lifetime (the battery of my old phone is empty after like 5 minutes) and risks (swollen/overheating batteries)
How do a single lattice carbon has diffetent qualities and grades?  🤔🧐🤔🧐🤔
I'm only a couple seconds into this video but I want to stick a paperclip into a light socket now
1.7 volts sounds like a great replacement for carbon zinc cells. The nimh batteries are just a little low for a lot of devices.
You should be sponsored by New Balance with all these world class dad jokes!!! Li ion share lol
AWJ is like a weekly vitamin pill for my brain! I love it and I always look forward to the next ep. I donate 1 dollar per month. Not much.. but if a bigger percentage of the subscribers does the same we can all enjoy AWJ now and in the future!
Fusion powered graphene space elevator.
Another video about graphene... ugh. Progress is soooo slow. Just like fusion. I'll continue to bet on Lucy until further notice.
you should check out electrobooms and veritasiums recent videos about how conductivity works.
A couple of points: if you buy lithium batteries with a low internal resistance you can do a full charge in 20-30 minutes and they are easily found on the market but cost about 15% more.  Also, there are lithium graphene batteries available commercially and while they can be charged for more cycles they have a slightly lower energy density.  Modern low voltage semiconductors will operate at voltages under 1 volt so powering them from the 3.7 volts of a lithium battery only requires a single cell.
Ive chuckled. I admit.
This will be widely available around the time we mainly use fusion energy.
20 years away yeah? Yeah i heard that 20 years ago
Joe! I love your political correctness, I believe in was one cell phone manufacturer that had the exploding batteries you speak of.
Any idea how many charge/discharge cycles this tech is capable of?
Re: gifted kids: I did not expect to be called out in this video and yet
Great investment materials!!!  👍
Great to hear a local Aussie company is making graphene batteries!
I'm a Dad, I love the puns Joe :)
Whoa, whoa, whoa... You started this one off with a completely bogus statement... Materials aren't conductive, because "electrons can freely flow across its surface". Surface area has NOTHING to do with conductivity. Zero. Thus, that whole statement about graphene is irrelevant. Graphene is so conductive because of how PLANER it is, quantum mechanical stuff.
"Li - on's share of the market". I clicked on this vid _after_ logging out to go to bed and literally signed back in to give it a thumbs up just for that! Good one!
that means graphene is kinda like me?!?! damn
I want to believe but that also applies to alien UFOs and life after death
Hmmm James Tour... the guy Professor Dave and others have ridiculed and totally schooled about his abiogenesis theories.  Might be graphene production is actually the area JT actually knows something about. as he is a materials scientist.  But I wouldn't trust anything the guy says due to his dishonesty in other areas.
Joe: Mentions Rio Tinto Australians: F*** RIO TINTO  For context, read up on Juukan Gorge. To summarize "The gorge is known primarily for a cave that was the only inland site in Australia with evidence of continuous human occupation for over 46,000 years, including through the last Ice Age. The cave was permanently destroyed by mining company Rio Tinto in May 2020." For reference, the oldest European cave paintings date from 37,000 to 33,500 years ago. They were being degraded by visitors breathing on them so they made a complete and exact copy of them nearby to protect them. Rio Tinto _BLEW UP_ ours. The outcome: three executives resigned, three executives would lose part of their bonuses, the company apologized, and the board chairman resigned amidst _record profits_  So, please, let me reiterate: F*** RIO TINTO
You give hope
Phones charge much faster, like 0-100% in 30mins for some phones, or even faster. EVs charge like 10-80% in 40mins
Legend has it that Joe Scott spends about one-third of any given day holding a pause and awkward stare for comedic effect
I wonder how long lasting a graphene battery is, because capacitors can usually handle a lot more charge cycles than batteries.
This video has made me more optimistic about graphene, I was starting to look at it in the same way as nuclear fusion. A wonder technology that will change everything, which is perpetually 'just around the corner'.  Here's hoping graphene is 'just around the corner'
Are you describing my life trajectory Joe? I sure hope I become a mid tier content creator after an early adulthood of burnout after being the "gifted child"
He brought back the space elevator🤘😅
cold fusion based on graphene will be here before you now it.
If they can make a 1kwh per kg battery pack I’m getting in the evtol business.
Puns are fun when you move on immediately. It's not the pun that's annoying, it's the dwelling on the pun that annoys me. So please keep the puns, but don't dwell on them. It's okay if some people don't get it, you don't have to pauze.
Hey man, ask professor Dave about James Tour.
It's the Bestagon
That outside shot.. My god man you are white!
Graphene or Jesus who will come first?
I used ultra caps in my car for my stereo lol... yes, they were extremely powerful... I loved them 😎 won 1st place in competition.  I always knew they would be the future.
Maybe it's like fusion, always 20 years into the future.
Unsubscribed.
You are awesome Joe, dunno why after all these years of enjoying your content I only realised I hadn't subscribed yet.....doh...
Sounds like snake oil to me
How would it benefit electric wings suits man!!!!
The problem with super quick charging is generating and moving that amount of electricity. Charging stations at 800KWs will be interesting to use and get the electricity to. HYDROGEN!!!
So Graphine is basically real world Vibranium
The price of Graphene by GMG is far a way from the price mentioned here, you can read GMG CEO to understand, they have different way of producing it from neutral gas…….
I think Kyle Hill did the math and showed we don't have a material that makes space elevators possible yet.
Unrelated!  SpaceX has to have some of the worlds best cyber security assets.   Imagine being the worlds richest dude.  Challenging Vladimir Putin to a duel 🤺  Trying to get the worlds most powerful, reusable rocket off the ground at a time when  cyber warfare is likely Russia’s strongest hand.  Well…that and a modest number & variety of nuclear weapons  🥸  Thank you
haha,  stiffie
Your sad story is like my sad story except I'm just plain unemployed right now
Joe... please mind your grammar... "ethically sourced" & "Rio Tinto"  does not go together in the same paragraph...
Steam age, nuclear age, waiting-for-battery age :-/
Cough *EEStore* cough
An ethically sourced, fully recyclable POWERFUL safe battery could FINALLY replace most fossil fuels. I have said it before, these kind of breakthroughs are what we need to get off of fossil fuels. The current admin is trying to do this NOW, and it is having a major negative effect on the economy and investments (which FUND these kind of research projects) because we aren't there yet. There will be a time (and it seems it is getting closer) that we will get off of fossil fuels where it is possible and I do believe in an all electric future, but in a measured way.. small steps to this green future instead of what we have right now is near economic ruin for many families and a major national security risk/threat as we do not produce enough oil (under this administration) for our own use. But videos and breakthroughs like this bring me hope that I will live to see the day when we are no longer dependent on long dead creatures for our energy needs.  Also, as an environmentalist, I would like to say, that the US environmental protection laws are MUCH more strict than the other nations that we get our oil from (say for Canada) and that by getting our oil from them, and having it shipped to the US produces way more CO2 emissions than pumping from the ground ourselves and using pipelines to move it around.
I love your sense of humour, never stop! 😂
Yeah, a prototype. Probably one of these things that you hear about it once and  then never again.
Can you cover a video about Battery in Lucid motor company, that they used for they Car?
Uh...James Tour, the evolution denier....why can´t we have nice things...
Aluminium.  Not aloomanum.  😁  Think of plutonium, uranium, iridium, magnesium.. they're not plutonum, uranum, iridum, magnesum... 😅  Just teasing of course, not like we don't know what y'all mean haha.  Great video as always!
This reminds me of early Li-ion. Took 20 years before it filtered in the market when I discovered it working at a big alkaline battery manufacturer. At the time Li-ion was already 20-30 years into development. These things take time indeed.
Graphene has been around for years...and I'm just waiting for actual products...we've been talking graphene for 15yrs plus
Thank you for using metric. It sounded so natural that I didn’t think about the extra effort you had to bring in to use grams and meters.
Hope springs eternal.
It's designed in Australia so it's Graphene Aluminium 😜
"Finally here! Graphene batteries, fusion reactors, and a Martian colony." - someone in the 23rd century
I liked the bad puns. I also liked the quality investigative journalism on battery recycling!
The amount of information in the video is not worth enduring the “humor”. Bailed at 3:26.
Thanks!
or they have severe adhd, don't get diagnosed until their 30s and then start to figure out how to actually function... finally edit: didn't realize those words resonated with so many others... it's nice to be reminded you're not the only one that knows what it feels like to "not live up to your potential"
Incredibly good video Joe!
OMG, GMG WTF?
I love your content. Don't doubt yourself!
I think Graphene has not  took off because .  The lithium mines and lithium battery factory's are not depleted or worn out. Graphene is extremely easy to make at a less then perfect grade. . .. even a homemade diy graphene supercap  will charge next to instant. .. ..the easy cheap  way to make graphine .. is to pour graphite powder onto polycarbonate  plastic sheets then use a car buffer with clean pad to buff it and dump the excess. The graphite buffed into the sheet is graphine.   . There's a diy vid showing how simple it is
am i graphene? lol!
It looks like you're using a paper clip to make a point, do you need help with that? 📎
are there companies attempting to start mass production? no? did it ever leave the lab? no? does it exist outside of fancy 3d renders? no? then i don't give a flying fuck
I want to know how one handles graphene?
I wonder what the efficiency of these new batteries will be.
I LOVED the puns on this one.
I am super excited about this. The big question is how many charges until they reach end of life. The price tag would be so worth it if the charged fast and say quadrupled battery life while being recyclable and made of plastic, total win!
Take a leak !
I think I get it...this producer constantly acknowledges his own self effacing attempts at humor as "bad" and this admission is somehow supposed to cancel the negative affect these interludes are having on the limited amount of quality material that the presentation actually possess. Except that he employs this "comedic technique" so often that the whole presentation soon becomes "weighed down" and ultimately fails to engage the viewer. Are we supposed to feel sorry for the guy as he fails to "learn acting on the job" before our eyes?  Are we supposed to overlook his feigned self loathing and pick through his commentary in search of the sincere bits? This guy just might have something useful to share; however his dreams of being "a humorous, tech savvy commentator" have driven him to turn his presentations into nightmares to watch.
This is awesome. As an entrepreneur looking at my next opportunity after my current one has a good exit, I was looking to Li recycling. This video is making open my eyes to other opportunities out there! Thanks, have been a big fan of yours for couple of years now.
Why don’t you just make 10 hold more charge, and make that the highest level capacitor ??
Interesting video
Hum... good brain teaser guys.
Every one is missing the point on charging. The empty battery takes a long time to recharge.  The Daily drive is 7kwh and the EV battery will be 100kwh for the ability to travel longer distances.  So daily top up charging will be ezi pezi and from a home type supply. The rapid charges will still be available when needed commercially.  The grid connects every building, and every building can have solar PV panels to supply the grid.  Every EV will be near a building and automatically plugged into the grid. The huge EV batteries will trade power and stability with the grid for money and profit.  The automatic plug in gizmo will be the killer invention for the EV.  EV will be plugged in 24/7 except for the rush hour and the daily drive.  Does that make sense in a renewable energy world?   Renewables and EV batteries every where means that the central power plants and grid and poles and wires does not need to be massively increased with massively costs, massive time frames, massive work force mobilisation. An increase of 300% if all electric world. If every EV is plugged in 24/7 and has a home rooftop solar PV system the existing grid will be adequate.  The buildout of the Renewables can be done with quickly trained locals.   Elon wanting to roll out rooftop solar PV and EV with huge batteries that will stabilise the grid and trading power for money.  The man is a genius 🙌 👏 👌 😎   No huge grid build out.  No new power plants or power reactors.  No nuclear power proliferation around the world.   The man is a genius 🙌 👏 👌 😎
When I can have a graphine based mobile phone, then I will get excited.
Potential - What do you call a drummer whose girlfriend realizes he will NEVER reach his  "POTENTIAL?"  HOMELESS.
Graphene and carbon nano-tubes are hard to produce, that has been a choke point for a long time. I'm optimistic.
Rio Tinto Ethical  Pick one.
So... 12.8?
Imagine combining a nuclear diamond with a graphene supercapacitor.
Dr. Tours flash graphene process can be used to lockdown/sequester carbon as well.
"Tech nerd stiffy" is my new favorite phrase.
I gave the thumbs up just for the Li-Ion pun. The rest was extra :)
While you SAID you’d stop with the puns, we’re not fooled.
"10% of Li-ion batteries are recycled. Granted, this was from 2016, so I am sure they are doing better now"  Department of Energy, 2019: "5%"
Borophene?
This is what mid life crisis look like...
i've become so desensitized to watching joe inside that the intro seems fake
If I had five bucks for every new wonder battery and use for graphene I could fund Battery and graphene  research. Believe it when I see it.
I really hope Graphene isn't the next fusion where its always just a few years away. I remember learning about it for the first time when our house was tented. We got sent to a hotel and there happened to be a brief clip about it on the TV when I turned it on. It seems like it could become an amazing technology if someone makes a more efficient way to manufacture it.
VERY interesting! There are so many electricity storage ideas out there right now. Something HAS to click and make it! I will be following this idea.
I feel like I have seen several shows/videos that have said that graphene is being used in roads, and buildings, which isn't exactly where I expected to see it first but I believe it has been used already.
Like graphene, "revolutionary new battery technology" stories are the norm. I've been paying attention for over 30 years, these stories come out about every three years. Hopefully, one of them will be true someday.
Hmm, nice.  :)  I think the real catch is going to involve the aluminum.  The catch with aluminum as a battery or even a battery-super-capacitor material is that not unlike carbon, Aluminum can form chemical triple-bonds.  On the one hand this means a richer-than average energy density, but unlike carbon, which only sometimes  forms triple-bonds, Aluminum is really aggressive  about forming strong triple-bonds with both itself and oxygen.  No really, you can make a _potentially_ excellent metal-air battery with aluminum, but you can't *recharge it, ever.*  The oxygen will always form triple bonds with the aluminum that the electrolyte can't break.  Sure you can compensate for this with enough boron in the cell (there's some research in France and the UK on this) but this reduces either specific energy or specific power considerably, just to get an aluminum based cell to recharge *at all.*  What I'm saying is, a graphene-aluminum system can work, but it would have to be sealed air-tight to keep O2 in the atmosphere from killing the battery dead.  OR you'd have to find a way to make a graphene-aluminum/aluminum-air hybrid that can still recharge?  Somehow?  That would be best of both worlds since the specific energy of the original Alcoa battery (aluminum-air) still beats Li-ion designs to this day, but the recharging is the thing.  Nobody's going to buy a battery with a cycle life of ONE for anything serious (more serious than backup for alarm clocks, smoke alarms, etc.).  There's no question though, an aluminum-ion cell, using graphene, sounds awesome as hell, provided you can keep the triple-bond chemistry from happening.
Don't do that... Don't give me hope.
plz cut the lame humour, it is usually not funny and just makes me groan.  Stick to the subject,  you will do better, bye.
a few more years and graphene based batteries could be fitted on rovers or even used in rocketry electronics
Matt Ferrells hair is made out of graphene. That’s why you can’t see it. It’s only a few atoms thick. But it’s hair..
How come is it paper clips isn’t made out from paper? Also, steel screws is made from steel, aluminum screws is made from aluminum, brass screws is made from brass, but WOOD SCREWS…!
I think until we master true nano technology, IE assembling structures rapidly one atom at a time, we won't see graphene take off like it should or reach any kind of regular usage or potential.  The true goal manufacturing unbroken sheets of graphene with the surface area of tennis courts. This can be done in folded form but currently what we have are flakes. Usable flakes, but still just flakes. They link together well enough to be conductive and handy but it's hardly a real breakthrough.
They need to hurry up and go back in time and press fast forward on research and development for this stuff.
Looking forward to the Thunderf00t busted on this. Between the thing sounding like a kickstarter vaporware scam and the fact that the theoretical "instant charge" wouldn't just cause the power cord to melt, it would explode. Might as well say every charge station in the world would have room-temperature superconductors.  While I am not saying we will never have graphene batteries, but this company wont be the one to do it.  Lets not turn this channel into one of those "magic technology saves the world" kickstarter scam channels.
Damn, this sounds complicated. I'm just gonna keep throwing car batteries into the ocean.
For the record, I did legitimately laugh at your Li-Ion joke. Maybe I'm old, I don't know, I thought it was pretty damn good, LOL!
You’re cracking me up..
Hey man you are some premium high quality content
I wish you had touched on the fact that the number amps we’re pushing is also a problem right now. Just because we make pouch cells that you can charge in 30 seconds doesn’t necessarily mean that you can pump an EV full in 30 seconds (not without making huge amounts of heat)
It should allow much faster SOLAR charging as well.
That "gifted kid" that always "has so much potential" but never seems to apply themselves is probably undiagnosed ADHD. From inside that person's head, they know what they need to do, they just have a gear slipping somewhere between their motivation and their action in the mechanism otherwise known as "executive function".  There's an idea for a future episode: how to deal with the gifted kid with so much potential who seems to have no idea how to apply themselves.  It'll only come about 40 years too late for me.
i guess i can use my graphene battery to store all the excess energy my fusion reactor makes.
Joe I think a really good video could be a overview of experimental battery techs over the past few decades, explaining how long they spent in development, their capabilities, and if they ever made it to the market in any substantial way, and if they didn't then why did they fail? Seems like every year I hear of one or more new revolutionary battery tech(s), but seems like nothing ever makes it to the market.
My gaming desktop runs off a lead acid battery.  20 minutes of runtime off an 8 hour charge…Yeah.
joe i love you.
Don’t worry joe, I think you’re an S tier content creator
"Goodenough" I'm happy that I got that joke.
You are not mid tier, you are top tear
Love the content Joe. Random thought...Do you think there's a practical way to siphon off Antarctic methane for the production of graphene? Win win?
Not sure why you can't get a couple sentences in a row.
It got dark at 4:30 🥹
Graphene is like fusion energy….only 10 years away
Joe you totally missed the que time 6:30. "It's over 9000!" Lol
Lithium ion is also redundant because all batteries deal with ions. You could rename lead acid or nickel cadmium as "lead acid ion" or "nickel cadmium ion"
I was following you until you mentioned the quack James Tour
So, in essence, no graphene usable battery yet, and not even close, OK got it! Thank you!
Graphene is like Tim Tebow, nothing ever really came of it.
2 years before John Goodenough won his Nobel prize, I emailed him to thank him for inventing the LiFePo4 battery I have in my escooter. It's an amazing battery which I got in 2015 and it's still going strong today. He wrote back with a nice email telling me where he was at with his solid state battery he was working on.
Oh thank God he lowered that background music
I understood the goodenough joke
Joe, do you use Scott toilet paper?
I have more in common with graphene than I thought.
Joe, you got lots of potential. So, apply yourself and don't give up
Thanks!
If these batteries dont get hot while charging, or are less sensitive to heat, then pouch and prysmatic cells would be (more) viable for automotive use. Traditional pouch cells cant really be layered for automotive uise unless they are cooled beyween every other layer. Without that cooling lithium pouch cells would need to charge too slowly for most people to deem acceptable. Sure charging overnight to get 20-40 miles of range for your daily commute would be fine, but for a long trip it would need to charge for multiple days just to go a few hundred miles.
Don't tell ME not to stick a paperclip into a light socket 😤
Wait, correct me if I'm wrong, but I thought another reason capacitors weren't really used as batteries is because they don't have a constant voltage supply.  Instead, you'd have a rlly sharp downwards curve (e^-at), instead of the relatively flat curve of the battery that only really falls at the very beginning and end.
I lost like $20,000 in a graphene stock that was really hot for a few months😢
Brilliant. Learnt so much from this. Thanks :)
You are like graphing my friend. way better than a diamond and just waiting for everyone to realize your potential!
How many thousands of battery breakthroughs have we heard about at this point that never amount to anything?
Good to see James Tour consulting on topics he's an actual expert in. Unlike OoL research.
Im sorry. I thought this was a science thing. Not a poor joke video.  I wonder if u cut out the nonsense. Maybe this video would be 3 mins long ?
To be fair, it IS the "Phone Age"  Never stop the puns, Joe
The battery chemistry voltage isn't really as huge of an issue as you might think.  It's pretty normal these days for sophisticated electronic devices like smartphones and laptops to have some form of DC-to-DC step up/down circuitry to take the 2.7-4.2 volts of a lithium ion cell and convert it into whatever voltage the device needs. Laptop computers, for instance, need several different voltages internally and so have to step things up as high as 12 volts to power devices on the PCI bus like graphics cards and storage drives and for thunderbolt/USB-PD or down to as low as 1.2 volts for the CPU.  Much simpler devices typically are designed to simply Just Work(tm) on the voltage range of a lithium cell or even on the 0.8 to 1.5 volts range of an alkaline cell (or the 0.8 to 1.2 volt range of a nickel-metal-hydride rechargeable cell) or a pair of such cells in series. You'd be surprised just how tolerant of operating voltage a lot of simple electronic devices are!  Hearing 1.7 volts for the prototype graphene-aluminum cell chemistry makes me think that it could just be used in series to get roughly the nominal voltage of a single lithium cell. Or alternatively, use a step up converter to boost it up to the nominal 3.6 volts of a lithium cell.  The big difference however is how these new batteries have to get charged. They're going to require their own charge circuitry that may be pretty similar or pretty different from whatever is used for NiMH or lithium batteries. NiMH charges using constant voltage whilst lithium ion charges through constant current. Which of those charging methods will graphene-aluminum batteries require? Will they require a special charge curve like lithium batteries do for maximum battery life? Or can you just whack 'em with a dumb flat curve like you can do with lead-acid chemistry? (For context, your 12 volt car battery gets recharged by a 14 volt constant voltage from the alternator.)  Those are going to be the interesting questions for a recreational/hobbyist electrical engineer like me to know the answers to. 👀
INTERESTING and entertaining, as are all your videos. I am like you; whenever I hear the words "battery" and "breakthrough" in the same sentence, I just immediately think of something like Solid State Batteries which look good on paper, and can power a car for a thousand miles, but can't power themselves off the lab test bench and INTO a car. The battery making it to actual commercial use will thus forever be "three to five years away".  I call this the breakthrough horizon because it recedes as you approach.  BUT, because you are awesome, I listen, learn, and enjoy, and adopt a "wait and see" attitude.  All good wishes.
Thank you for calling them  PUNS, and not "dad jokes"!
Here we go again with yet another "revolutionary" battery we'll never see in our lifetime. Lol
I've had a few people point out that my $1000/kg price for graphene is way overblown, since GMG (the very company I talk about in this video) have claimed to get the price down to $2 per kilogram. I kinda sorta just a little hinted at the fact that they are bringing the costs down, but I didn't put it into numbers.  That is really something I should have explored more in the video and looking back it was a missed opportunity because that's an important and interesting development.
yo put these jaunts in phones
"That car is full of pure capacitance gel! He's crazy!" --paraphrased from "Demolition Man"
Hey look this video made it on trending! Good job!
Wonder how a  graphane battery compares to the future solid state batteries being researched?
cheer up graphene man
What happened to that other "Goodenough" joke- er, battery?
Looking Tony Stark-ish with the shirt. nice
Here's hoping this pans out.  I just can't even guess anymore.
Football.
Joe, did you hear about Borophene?
I come for the information. I stay for the cringe Dad jokes lol.
A "tech nerd stiffly"!!! Joe your the best!!
then we might be able to travel faster than light. i'm holding out for a lot of things.
8:29 …if Johnny Knoxville put on 40lbs
Is a local Brisbane co manufacturing these to invest in yet on ASX market??
Minor nit: 9:55 Lithium is an alkali "metel"?
I'm putting my money on Charlie's football
Sounds great but some oil company will buy a politician to over regulate them or ban them. Aome BS that will keep them from competing.
What is the biodegradability rate and impact on the environment?
I have been hurt by graphene hype in the past. I’ll believe it when I see it
After all these years of madness, change we don't like and general disruption one thing we can rely on is Joe's calm voice and and then unchanged guitar riff.
fun fact: you make graphene by slicing tip of a pen with a knife
Graphene can do anything except get out of the lab
In just 10 years everyone!
I wonder whether one day we could tap energy from lightning, and store it in two-basketball court-sized batteries, made up of special material to stop them from over-heating or exploding...
Tech nerd stiffy! Oh Joe!
and as always 10 tennis cords only a true American can describe some area.
Thanks for all the pun-ishment.
@joescott I Like Your Crazy Jokes 👍😁
What is the lifetime of a Graphene battery compared to Lithium Ion?  Does that offset the cost of the graphene in some way?
great to hear , and really dig the informative knowledge building style of your channel , even with humor so dry it makes the desert crave chap stick ...lol .....for real your comedy is great,,,,,, peace be with you amigo !!!
Your top tier to me and my family buddy
Maybe OEM's should be bringing down device voltage consumption to meet the graphene battery output? More sales for both, right? And, of course, happiness for our YT friend Joe.
Joe, I have been watching - and enjoying!! - your channel for a while now. And this is my first comment, so here goes… *draws breath* You’re a nut!! 😂 But NEVER change and keep spitting out those dad jokes!! 👍🏾 Thanks for the fun, bite sized knowledge chunks.
Love this! Why aren't we converting all methane and all plastic into graphene? Putting that idea out into Twitter as a glitterbomb. Loved this episode! Would love more episodes on carbon converstion, too.
Charlie Brown keeps on missing that buckyball.
You want to listen to 'puns'? Listen to Undecided with Matt Ferrell... I'm not sure HOW he comes up with that stuff.
I wonder if this is the same as the research that a Quebec mining company is doing with graphene. Forget the name of it, but I know Now You Know has a couple of interviews with the company president.
Sounds like we might get Graphene batteries before cold fusion.
Haven’t you touched on Borophene before? Isn’t it theoretically better than Graphene?
I know people who recycle lithium ion batteries into like a big energy bank . And then plug it into public access power . Like in a shopping center or something.  And that's how they get free electricity .   Just have to avoid the security guard .  And the law around it is hardly a thing.    Ur just plugging something in like..what
I’m here for the “tech nerd stiffy”
12:52 borophene
yea yea greafine .. cool it has oredy bine lake 15 yeas ..yea! shure !!! and quntem comutres .. caca pupu  yea shure !!   ..anc yea good  dile for a yeas on  curiosit .. i jest hav to get may lie beak .. adn i ti totali cool  !!   and you wel if you get 100k nd have no morgege or det man go liv you life man  on tha tube is one vide per wek 15 minit man go on man  go ! be free experiene all !  and then creat videos !
Woah, I did not expect to see Joe's videos on the trending page any time soon. Congrats
Your puns had my inner dadness chuckling so hard.  I watch your videos every week because you make them great, thank you Joe!
Cris Farley didn’t die I knew it🥳👍
Your mate Matt Ferrell delivers his puns unapologetically and there are often so many in every video. It could be like drinking game.
Roar! Good pun.
What about power regulation? In a oops, could these become a major BOLT (pun intended) of lightening? I'll be more of a believer after a bunch are destroyed in every imaginable way (including just yelling at them).
Still waiting for Flubber 😆
Pun-derwhelming. 😂
That James Tour, though?
Wait, I posted the two birds one stone comment right before you mentioned development from plastics.
Is there any affordable way to make graphene from captured carbon from industrial sites? Two birds, one stone.
How many recharge cycles?
"Is this worth getting excited about?"  Short answer, YES!
Hey Joe, Could you tell me if Lithium based battery are really recycled? If so, who, where and when? Because I have yet to find this information on you tube. I've seen them being stocked till one day in the very far future, maybe we'll have the technology to really break them down into their original component AND at a more competitive cost, compared to mining and manufacturing them new. I have little hope in our future considering the growth of EV and battery backed up grid. Please tell me I'm wrong.
No ad before thee video.  Did they demonetize you over paper clips?
Liked for "li-ion share of the market" joke. Genius.
Curiosity Stream/Nebula is seriously the best value in streaming service bar none. I rarely have the time to watch the time to watch anything on there but it doesn't feel like a waste at ALL! it's worth it for the handful of Nebula exclusives alone! Also Isaac, Mustard, and a few others have leveraged it really well by putting longer cuts of certain YouTube videos on there. Spicier stuff the algorithm might not like or just big chunks that had to be edited out to please the algorithm, 100% worth. Just get it, you won't regret it.
They gonna just kill the DIY meth market.
I was always told about my potential, even though I dropped out in the 10th grade. The second time in 10th grade. As well as the 3rd time in 10th grade. I dropped out twice. I also was in the 7th grade twice. I also went to 14 different schools, 15 if you count preschool, for the 13(or 14 years that I was in school!). Once I realized that I might be 23 by the time I graduated, I dropped out, waited 2 years, took the GED, and enrolled in college. I dropped out after 2 years. I hope graphene has better luck. If it makes it, and follows my life again, it will have some fun, be really happy, and then it will all come crashing down. 10 years later it will rediscover itself, and then it will find its potential and never look back. Some of us just take a little longer because we don't fit the system, and they like to tell us all the reasons, some having funny names and some just being strings of letters, as to why we can't function properly. After we get done kicking their ass because they are trying to insult us and tell us that we aren't capable, we actually discovery that what they said were our weaknesses were actually our strengths, and we proceed to start considering how we may be able to peacefully take over the world in a way that will usher in an age of discovery, and the peacefully and happy existence of humanity... TBC... oh! And TCB....
Thanks, Joe, for calling me graphene.
Higher charging rates will even make the KERS in cars be way more effective.
Bruh the lengths Americans go just to not have to use their measurement system, is astronomic.  Or about 136 MacDonald's restaurants
If you could spin carbon nanotubes like cotton candy, it would be a perfect material for indestructible "forged carbon" parts and electricity storage
Your jokes made me smile when i was sad........ i'm not the biggest dumbass on the planet lol <3
More puns please.
Love you, dude.
"...I'll stop."  No, you won't, but that's OK, I am a PUNisher, too.  But Graphene?  Like the laser in the fifties, it is a solution in search of a problem.
Someone call @thunderf00t to yank the football.
You should collaborate more.i had never heard of Matt Ferrell until you introduced me to him. Both your channels grew because of that. Hit up sci show. Those guys are amazing. There has to be people who love them but don't know you're out there, just like you did for me with matt.
Wow would have thought mid to late 50's
At least you know. :)
You are my favorite mid-tier content creator 💕
Thanks!
"tool manufactur company Bosch"  Bosch happens to be much bigger in other areas, one of them automotive electronics hardware!
A wise man once said, "Prototyoes are easy. Production is hard."
How do I invest in GMG
I just hope we can store enough energy to phase out fossil fuels
You're the top-tier content creator to us, Joe!
Whatever they say "we can do it", I believe only to items ON THE SHOP SHELF. Once "graphene battery" appears on shelf, we can say "there is progress!". Now it's only fancy videos and empty promises.
While Lucy calls Charlie a blockhead she secretly admires him for his undying ability to be hopeful. She's not sure she will ever let him kick the football but that won't stop him from trying. Keep the graphene faith!  We love you Charlie Brown.
it feels like "graphene" is like nuclear fusion - only 30 years away... since 60s.
You sound tired Joe
Awww, don't worry Joe. You're at least an upper-mid tier creator.
"So you definitely don't want to stick one in a light socket" OK! I'll stick it in the outlet instead
Someone please show Ian on timcast
excellent article,.. and some nice humor;  Is GMG looking at their graphene batteries in formats that could be also employed as structural components of a device????  (VTOL aircraft, etc. ); also, could a format be developed that could be both structural and have photovoltaic action?? thanks for the article, Joe.
Joe, you're killing it with the jokes today. Keep up the good work.
many 2D (graphene is a 2D material) types Moly Tin (stanene) Boron...and a whole periodic table of nanomaterials. Nanodiamonds, quantum dots, carbon onions...
You're a month late
$GMG $GMGMF Share holder great time to enter the Stock IMHO please do your due diligence, it is a start-up
James Tour is a decent materials scientist and an abysmal evolutionary biologist.
Thanks Joe, this video got me AMPED!
i don't understand why Charlie didn't just kick Lucy in the groin.
I wonder how floss would work. I have some tight spaces. Would totally solve my problem. 😄
Really enjoyed the comparison intro and getting out of the normal set.
An EV that charges at the same speed as a pump? Count me in!
LETS PLAY US SOME GOOD OL' FASHON    FOOOTBAALLL
the jokes are so horrible they actually become funny.
If you have a word like could, should or would in your headline, it's more likely that we don't see that stuff work in our lifetime and I am 44!
GOD BLESS IAN CROSSLAND! OUR GRAPHENE KING HAS WON!!
If your going to put the effort into going outside and filming for scale, I need to see you led down on the court along with a few other American standard size references such as; a stolen lemon, adult salmon, a surf-board and 2 horses tip to tip.
Youtubers are cooler than movie stars
You almost have as many subs as Asmongold. Youre successful
I bet Ian from Timcast is happy about this video...
as far as the Chevy Bolt fires, the problem was traced back to the battery pack supplier, LG.  it was due to an improperly calibrated machine partially rupturing a cell during pack manufacturing.
Pun game on fire
Solid state batteries, graphine batteries, nuclear fusion... Why are these things always 5 years away... They've been 5 years away for decades! Grrr!
You always out do yourself on making a Joke about yourself and then super Selling it! I am Graphene cam is Hilarious
Worth noting ... never seen a real life sample of graphine that looks anything like the images of a single-sheet-lattice typically portrayed in these discussions. Methinks it'll be a while ... if ever.
I've been getting kind of tired of hearing about 'the next new revolutionary battery technology" that will be in production in the "the next two years"...  for the last twenty years.
I'll believe it when my phone is using it and not starting a small fire in my purse.
"That Could Change Everything" i cant wait for one of these things to actually change everything
Where’s the input supply going to come from for these?
Technology does not evolve. It's creators change the designs. Just like in our universe.
you should do a video on rust batteries. I've been hearing a lot about that too
Sorry, usually I agree with you. but conductivity is depending on the cross section of the conductor. Surface is however important for alternating currents. essentially, with alternating currents, the direction of the electron flow changes all the time, it builds up magnetic fields, then reverses flow, destructs the fields and builds them up in the opposite direction. just google skin effect.  graphene works wonders in that situation, as you pointed out: it is as flat as it can be.  in batteries and capacitors, there is no alternating current. it's direct current. and skin effect is irrelevant.  batteries and capacitors with graphene are great, high conductivity of the graphene anodes and high surface. but there is no skin effect.  the rest of the video is nice, but that first minute? it needs a massive rework.
That li ions joke in the begging.............       ................      ........... changed my life 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣😜😜🤪😝😝😝
I'm here for Ian!!
Borophene is a new, and even stronger material compared to graphene. Robert Murray-Smith’s video is really good (https://youtu.be/kBinXHGf8_Y), but I’d like to see your take on it. Please do an episode on it 🙏
I love your channel.
But this capacitor goes to 11
"Space Elevators" ...sigh...I feel you Joe!
2h to charge your phone? It's time to upgrade. I've had a phone that can charge to 100% in 30 min since 2019 lol. I've replaced the battery since then(because it puffed because I kept letting it overcharge oops) but even with the issues with that battery it still charged to 100% in 30 min.
Thanks, Joe. You made me laugh out loud. And you taught me something. Bless you.
mid tear my ass.
Wow, so this seems like an idea that someone had a long time ago. Iike i would like to know exactly how long this concept has been around. I will look it up. But there an old sci fi book series called the riverworld series. The premise in case you dont know was that one day most (the exceptions arent important to this comment) of the people who had ever existed on earth woke up naked and hairless on the banks of a huge plant wide river valley. Its a good series. Its a freakin mess in some respects but its a fun read.   In the second book sam clemems (mark twain) or at least the  author's fictional version thereof ends up building a huge ( two actually but details arent important) paddlewheel driven Mississippi riverboats.   They were electrically powered.  A brief addition of important detail. The people woke up on the river bank with large metal containers attached to their arms with a strap. Only they could open the one attached to them. They became called grails.  Along the bank and other areas in the valley, there were large structures called grailstones.  Mushroom or toadstool shaped objects with basically cupholder cavities in them that the grails could be placed into.   There would be an energy disharge from the stone three times a day and any grail in a holder on the stone was supplied with food and such.  So the boats were electrically powered they used a long cable with a connector on the end to place over the top of a stone and capture the energy of a discharge and store it.   I told you all that to bring up this.  The storage medium was what is interesting here. The second book was written before 1980 probably back in the 60s or 70s.   The boats and other electrically powered thingys they made used what the author called a bataccitor. It was like a battery and capacitor combined.   It could be charged enough to move a giant riveboat equipped with various creature comforts and with a large crew and passengers many miles up the river. They charged 3 times a day and traveled many hundreds of miles. Stones lined the bank at about 1 per km. They could charge the boat enough to go that far in a single discharge. It was able to absorb that ammount of power in a few seconds and give it back out at nearly any rate desired. It could hold this charge nearly indeffinitely.   The even more interesting thing about this is that a major plot point in the book was that they needed to find large ammounts of aluminum for the bataccitor becuase it needed that for the storage medium.    It didnt mention graphene. But kinda interesting that this was thought of way back then.
More puns please, let's have atom!
One of the best episodes in a while. Don't get me wrong all the episodes are good. But some just stand out for their excellence. And this is one of them. Good stuff sir.!!!
You didn't talk about longevity of the cells
Where’d you come up with $1000/kg for GMGs graphene?  According to GMG, it’s less that 1/10 as expensive. Do your research!
One distinction between the other batteries and Tesla 4680 is the Tesla doesn't exist yet at scale. It's as real as a graphene battery at scale.
honestly i cant see EV's taking off without tech like this, sure some people will adopt but honestly half the houses in my town dont have off street parking so they have ZERO ability to charge a car at home without running a cable over the pavement and into the road
James Tour?  https://youtu.be/ghJGnMwRHCs
half graphene half Pun. 😒
Another game-changing battery breakthrough ...
I'm in America, you have to use football fields for measurements.
I am graphene too. Graphene and proud hahaha
Batteries will never be the solution to anything.
“Tech nerd stiffy”. I love you man. I’m using that.
Your jokes are the worst. Good work 👍👍👍👍
Good episode Joe. I thought it was hilarious. Just the right amount of jokes to information ratio.
yay another battery we won't see forever (I just want one in my phone and actually find the whole subject incredibly interesting)
Home back up generator comes to my mind.
Cool.
Way to not really be in your office today, Joe!   What is real anymore!
Cool stuff!
Joe. You are awesome.
Hi there
Australia for The Win!!!!!!!!!!
mid tier ? you mean A tier, love your content :D
Does this mean that we wil soon be able to power a Testla model S Plaid from a single button battery?  0-60Mph in one Picosecond? Cooool!
Another 30 years ....
Could these batteries also be structural??
Do more outdoor videos, please,
Top 5: Bad Things to be with a RUSSIAN WOMAN... https://youtu.be/YSZ0VvFbu24
Remember superconductors?
GMG...?!?....OMG!!!
MID-TIER???!!!??!! GTFOUTTA HERE! TOP-TIER YA DUMMY!
Li-Ions are NOT that great as most people think.. their energy density is just a tad higher (at best!) than current NiMh cells, but this comes with all the horrible downsides! LSD NiMh are better overall, but industry has come to LiIon as the cheapest to produce standard, and that's why this shit is everywhere.
@ 1:17 It took every fiber of my being not to click off.   Thats how much I love you Joe.
Fun fact! Lucy actually doesn't mopve the football at all. Charlie Brown is so powerful that he pushes the Earth away from his feet and changes it's orbit while he's running at the ball. That's why we have seasons. Bet you didn't know that Charlie Brown is actually One Punch Man as a child.
Joe your puns are positively shocking.
Is it more ethical to let these kids die of hunger instead of mining cobalt? XD
I don't think it will solve the fire and safety issues because all this work is to pack more energy into small places, and high energy density always carries a risk of catastrophic failure.
Commenting for the viewer engagement
GMG  This is an excellent yet simplistic company name. I love it
The opening puns made me expect Noah from Geography now to make a cameo.
Don't be that way Joe, you're not mid-tier. You're easily like 3-rd quartile
The graphene that Graphene Manufacturing Group produces for these batteries does not cost $1000 per kilogram. It costs closer to $2 per kilogram! Amazing stuff they are doing here
Graphene is the future ! like if you agree
Football
3:11, 2 hours? What kind of phone are you using? Sounds like 2016 again. I charge my Xiaomi in 10 minutes.
So, let's do the simple math: Let's assume our "super cap" uses 1gram of graphene. Based on YOUR NUMBERS, the manufacturer would need to produce a sheet 1 atom thick, 2629M^2 in area. Is that manufacturer touting these super cap/batteries making graphene in those quantities yet? Me suspects NOT! But - it's probably coming....
Your puns are getting better and better
4:10 Joe's talking about me! OMG!
Graphene is 1000 dollars a kilogram? Still way cheaper than cocaine........so I'm told
"....I'll stop." Thanks
Hey Joe! Don't stop the puns! They are seriously funny... 😂🤣. The Li-ion joke was HILARIOUS!... And if people don't think it WAS funny then they just don't get it! Keep doing what you do, Joe. You are the MAN?! 😁👍
The Graphene Council.  That sounds like a lame knockoff Super Villain crime syndicate.
Good to hear that they're in production - that's a big step into a running process, and it's necessary to find out practical problems.
1st class.... thanks for sharing
Oh god! He’s outside! He’s going to burn into a blackened crisp!
IIRC there has been a graphene battery for a good long time now. Several years in fact. Granted, it looks as though they simply dumped graphene into the battery, but it still had the effect of about a 3x longer lifespan. It was obvious that it was just the earliest attempt, but it did work. And the graphene did have a positive effect on the battery. So this one definitely isn't the first. I believe you can find the one I'm referring to just by searching amazon. The real one is there, among several fakes. So we've had one for a while now...
Why can’t we have a quantum computer solve the battery density/overheating problem?
The puns 😂😂😂
I think it's very exciting. Pack density is the key - at least for bigger batteries in e.g. EVs. And besides - if you could charge your EV in about 10-15m - the battery range wouldn't be necessary that big of an issue. I would choose an 300mile battery range, that could charge 0-100% in 15m, over a 500mile car - that needs 40m to charge 20-80% - any time! Means - i'm already invested in GMG for a year now =))
Where’s Lucy?
12:52 I hear great things about Element 115.
we need Joe in 4k!
stay positive! (and negative)
So much graphene
The creating aggressive r&d strategies is a necessary to transform our energy system  When you can zero down to producing a "cloud" of 300,000 variations that realistically may find some useful configurations is the best we can hope for  Much of this r&d is developing the manufacturing strategies too, especially with graphene
It’s the scaling part, genius!! Joe’s better off believing data from UAP than believing graphene battery is scaleable anytime soon.
Li-ion made me laugh so much wow joe keep it up.
Artisanal mines....OR....How the West still treats Africans like 'lesser' animals.
I have a graphene stiffy. It's only strong in tension.
When I realized you were on a tennis court I KNEW there was an overhead drone shot coming up.  Also: never stop the puns 😅
That part around 4 mins in almost made me choke on cereal lol. A good joke for once, a nice surprise! (Kidding, I like the intentionally bad humor)
Your forgetting 2 other problems with this technology DC Fast Chargers Cost 50-150k to take advantage of the faster charging rate. The other problem is we do generate enough electricity to power all the EV if we have wide adoption of this technology many studies say we need %50 more capacity. Still something to look forward especially for cellphone and other smaller scale applications that can justify the cost of graphene.
At least, we won't be relying on the human brain as a battery just like in the Matrix movies
Nebula should be a "channel " on curiosity stream. TV's don't support the Nebula app.
I was getting worried that graphene batteries were going to end up controlled hydrogen fusion, a technology that's ten years away and always will be.
Woo! My local university and my local member of parliament appearing in a Joe Scott video. Aussie Aussie Aussie!
sodium will replace lithium, simply because there ain't much of it. graphene caps can replace lithium in phones, maybe, since recharge easy.
You might want to check out boron nitride nanotubes and what Bnnano are doing with it.
I've got Nebula the app isn't available for Samsung tv, so you have to share screen with phone. It's a pain in the...
Your puns are horrendous, get my angry like
I'd trade a bit of range for a 60x charge time, especially if I know my batteries aren't fucking up the Earth even more (or at least a lot less, I know aluminium mining sucks too). Hopefully this isn't another vaporware hype train that will vanish after a few years
Dave from Just have a Think just released a graphene battery video. A Chinese company has graphene batteries in current available cars.
As a former gifted kid in her 40s who's WATCHING a "mid-tier science presenter" I relate. 😉
Make graphene from coal using a ferrous catalyst. Oh the irony!
It's worth getting excited about.  We need to support this development and figure out a way to encourage the rich ones to invest into it.  Capitalism of this could potentially make this dream a reality.
We need googles deep mind (AI) to do some checking on these 300,000 variations.
Recharge cycles of the Aluminium battery?
Next, do a video about the lack of nano-diamond. Damn those elitist techno-oligarchs!
Hmmm.... GMG's process apparently uses methane. Many (if not all) landfills off-gas methane. Enough so that some landfills plumb their off-gas to methane power plants. But that is still putting the carbon into the air by converting the methane to CO2. But if the graphene process could use landfill methane, the carbon would be locked into the batteries instead of being dumped into the air.
Production capacity is going to be the name of the game. If this stays low volume, well... Not much to say about it. All about scale now.
5:03 - 'Nonmetal' Carbon  Astronomers - I took that personally
"I am graphene cam" hahahahaha
It's wiser to not include RioTinto and ethics in the same sentence.
On form with the jokes Joe on this one!
‘Weren’t kidding about the click bait eh?   Personally, these types of titles “FINALLY… nasa DISCOVERS key to INTERSTELLAR WARP engine!” turn me off since I know they’re total bs.   But for you, I know the video isn’t a waste of time.  -Just my two cents if you want them. Hopefully it increases viewer traffic.
*graphene cam*  You melodramatic Who you. 🤣
graphene guys went to college for 4 years, but end up pumping gas
Do some research on the Mullen Automotive Polymer Solid State Battery and let's us know what you think. They have tested at Battery Innovation Center and their battery appears to be the best battery on the market right now. Looking forward to hearing back from you on this Joe.
You’re a pretty funny guy
Ahh James tour only heard of him from professor Dave
"10 tennis courts"  #AnythingButMetric
Kinda wanna stick a paperclip in an outlet now
FFS, another “could this new battery / grapheme invention change the world” BS video.  No, no it won’t. None of this tech exists, it’s all just fantasy speculation. Wake me when someone has ACTUALLY INVENTED SOMETHING.
🦁
uhh @Joe Scott why was the fence behind you made of barbed wire ? around a sports field....
love this.
Hey Joe, (Bad Hendrix reference) I’m a longtime subscriber, first time commentor. I was particularly happy to see my own old alma mater UQ brought up here. It was my first university – always special. One of my other universities was University of New South Wales, which just announced the first fully quantum level integrated circuit – which was described on the news of course as the first “ quantum computer“ – this crap really grinds my gears, as somebody who’s already patched into the MIT open unit five years ago. However I think the development is highly significant and worthy of a bit of coverage by your good self. Also, apropos of absolutely nothing at all, why does no one in Texas speak texan any more?
are you sure its not quantum singularity giraffine circling a black hole on a cartoon made by NASA? a old little bird named Galen Windsor had a line on some cool nuclear waste the Nany already uses stay's hot for a minute, though he is only one source, I'll rely on our Nuclear powered navy with unlimited range to provide the rest of that data, next buzz word please.
And don't forget that the real issue with Graphene is that it has all the electrons in Pi Orbitals which are very free to move ...
Isn't James Tour one of those weird creationist pseudo-scientists?
Although, like many big businesses, the aviation industry is typically slow to adapt any technology that one could argue as revolutionary, I think that at least the major players in the industry are poised to adapt alternative fuels as soon as someone can approach them with a viable alternative. Aircraft manufacturers are smart and they have not invested much in alternative fuels because they know that there is a lot of research out there and they've had the cushion of tax breaks and other advantages to help them avoid needing to change for quite a while. There are struggles, but these struggles tend to affect the airlines faster than they affect the manufacturers. However, the rising cost of oil is going to make many types of plastic or polymer more expensive for aircraft manufacturers, as well as manufacture methods that rely on fossil fuels to provide energy.
My man James Tour finally gets a shout out here :)
Couldn't they use Physical Vapor Deposition to coat structural patterns and or layers to create more efficient batteries I'm sure that's already one way they tried
Haha, "Good enough", that made me snort my drink.
Dad joke AND puns?  Like and comment initiated
I'm nearly 69 years old. I read Popular Mechanics and Popular Science articles for over HALF CENTURY about "BREAKTHOUGH BATTERIES" and NONE of them have worked! I'll bet $220,000 of my IRA this one doesn't either! My odds are outstanding as of 2300+ BATTERY CHEMISTRIES invented since 1783, only EIGHT have be in the LEAST commercially successful, and what is used in modern EV's IS NOT ONE OF THEM!!! For $15 a Year, monthly I'll be happy to tell you bull-sheet than ain't gonna happen- and one thing that WILL happen-I'LL GET RICH OFF YOUR STUPIDITY!!!
Yet another revolutionary new battery that will change the world! Oh, yes, but the "how" is proprietary. Built by the manufacturer of the most expensive part of the battery. Just trust us - we have AI... And graphene... And stuff...  Also, you might want to check just how many lead-acid batteries are manufactured yearly before claiming li-ion is the only man left standing.
THIS, coupled with fusion 🤡
Graphene tech is starting to feel like fusion energy. Although, seems like an easier problem to solve.
We all love you Joe. Your videos are educational and entertaining. Keep up the great work. 😊👍
SOMEONE call Ian Crossland!!
In regards to your questions at James Tours, you should check with Professor Dave about Tour’s scientific credibility (it’s sketchy at best even with his legitimate degrees and credentials… sad really)
"Somewhere over the rainbow..."
I am sort of surprised you didn't mention Nordische Technologies. They already make aluminum graphene, lead carbon, lead carbon foam batteries, etc, etc, etc... None of those designs get much usage even thou they are superior to what they were designed to replace. They are far to expensive to be competitive. Building something an atom at a time is expensive... Very expensive... Currently graphene is about $50 to $200 a kilogram in powder form.... And wont be competitive until high end graphene sheets costs less than $10 a kilogram. NanoXplore said they could do that in 2016 and have yet to get anywhere near close to that just making powder, which wont work in an aluminum graphene battery.....
electrons do  not move, it's a wave man. Where u bin?
Joe, love your work. You're an excellent communicator, and I look forward to your episodes, no matter what the topic 😀 👍 Don't underestimate how valuable your videos are, to loads of people! You are much  appreciated.  Thank you,            AVR
Damn, Joe, when did you make it almost to 1.4 nillion
One war and one coup - all for lithium
The Goodenough pun only works if you know who that picture was, fortunately I have been a long time viewer so I knew that was the inventor of the Li-Ion battery Mr John B. Goodenough... We would have also accepted a Johnny B Good pun.
NOBODY CARES ABOUT GRAPHENE, WHERE'S THE ALIENS
Great work mate! You are making me laugh while telling me excellent news about batteries.
I got a tech nerd stiff neck because I type all day in comments sections.
i want to know how something 1 atom thick can hold a charge
There was an explosion days ago in my country caused by a electric scooter being charged in a building that, literally, exploded. Li-ion battery of course.
I used pouch batteries in my electric motorcycle conversion
Alright that was some sick pun work guys. Actually had me lol
Well, I am sixty. I am STILL waiting for - My FLYING car, my "Rosie" (i.e. Jetsons) household robot, and my video phone..... Oh, yeah, I suppose Zoom counts... Oh, and my damned fusion reactor!! Hurry up before I am dead!!!
You dish out more puns and jokes then family guy does in one episode.
Your self-deprecating humor is terrific.  Thanks for the laughs as well as the excellent update.
8:52   "One Does Not Simply Make A Graphene Battery"
It feels like your video's might need a little make over, like the room/background or something. Just to freshen things up a bit. I like your videos but after this long it just feels kind of stale. Changes might be hard but we're humans, we're bound to evolve!
BuT jOe, ThIs WiLl DeStRoY tHe FoSsIl FuEl InDuStRy
@Joe Scott The Football is a lie.
Sorry if I missed it but what about the battery lifespan for graphene-aluminium batteries? Lithium ion starts losing efficiency after several hundred cycles. How much better/worse do these graphene batteries perform?
I for one, enjoy your stupid Dad jokes. OK, new band name: "Tech Nerd Stiffy"
My man James Prescott has gotten robbed. What are these Watt*Hours? They should be measured in Joules! All energy storage needs to wear on its sleeve three critical density statistics: Mass density (J/kg) Volume density (J/m3) Price density (J/$) There are other important qualities of course but the above are the important density ones. In fact those "polygon" graphs would be a good way to compare various battery technologies at a glance.
This was something I wish I could've invented myself since I knew that graphene had the stellar potential to replace basically all batteries and as Scott's great video showed this can and will likely happen (ofc it takes a lot of money and resources to pull off-something I lack). Assuming everything pans out, then this graphene-Al battery will make Li-ion pretty much obsolete.   If they can also reach the theoretical limit of 1 kwh/kg and can charge 70 times faster than Li-ion and ofc is price competitive, then it's game over for other lesser battery technologies. It should also be a lot lighter which is great for the aerospace field. Additionally gasolines energy density is about 13 kwh/kg, but only 30% is turned into energy so it'd be 1/4 as energy dense as gasoline...if it works, it has a bright future ahead.
Loved this video Joe. Liked the honour and can't imagine how many hours of research went in to this. Just seems right and I trust you on the facts.
Soo basicly if we can combine carbon capture and then create graphene batteries that would mean that we solve our CO2 problem.
well I guess it'll be around 10 yrs before I'm a mid tier content creator 😂
Do a video on Refrigerants. Investigate into why there can't be a universal refrigerant for home HVAC; automotive; house hold refrigerators. A standard open source/universal and non proprietary refrigerant that is priced for consumer use. Maybe this would get the appliance manufactures to focus on building products to use a single refrigerant instead of a proprietary refrigerants that are cost prohibitive. Take a look at the number of refrigerators and HVAC units being labeled as obsolete just because there's a new wonder refrigerant out. You're in Texas, so talk to us about heat.
The problem will be those who want to invest their millions today and get their billions TOMORROW. Then take the money and run before prices become human-normal.  Which seems to be the go-to move in economics today. Milk the hype, keep a good thing rare and expensive today so you can get yours this quarterly report, even if the world needs it NOW and not NEXT DECADE.
5 mins in and the comedy is off the charts
If I have to listen to one more word, I'm going to kill someone.
The price of Lithium has increased by a factor of 4 in the last couple of years...Demand out striping  the supply. The Earth is not an endless "treasure trove" of stuff...
(Aliens talking to one another about the progress of the human species) " Bob, where are they on their electrical storage? They're still using acid, captain..."  (Two aliens laugh together)
Does putting old batteries through the garbage disposal count as recycling?
Good job Joe and whoever else helps you.
He must have an apple 2hrs to charge a phone, it takes like 20 - 30 minutes on my note 20 to go from 10% to 90% c'mon man 🙂
goddammit joe. i killed myself 2 minutes into the video.... good puns
We're all graphene Joe, we're all graphene.
Any word over the longevity of graphene-aluminium batteries?  10x the price for 1/3 the storage wouldn't be that bad if they can last 300x the charge cycles.
until Thunderf00t says it's good, I won't believe any of these promises lol. We need more ultra-skeptics.
I am so glad you used tennis courts instead of the tired old football field example to explain size (because americans use the most unintuitive measurement system used on earth today, to find something as anachronistic and stupid as imperial you'd have to use biblical furlongs or Avoirdupois)
Joes curiosity stream transition game keeps getting stronger.
I do believe that we will see large scale use of graphene batteries at about the same time we build the first fusion power plant.
As a 40-something (equally questioning my remaining life's potential) I remember having a science poster of the Bucky ball in my bedroom in the nineties, and being quite excited about what it could mean for chemistry, computer science and all sorts of scifi. It's been slow going, apparently, both graphene and me...
Hey Joe, $60 for lithium ion v $1000 v graphine per kilo might be incorrect, how much graphine is used for 1 cell vs lithium ion might be a better comparison, especially for price.
Graphene from plastics? Amazing what Dr. Tour can do when he sticks to material science.
That was actually a good and reasonable segue.  You're slipping, man ...
Nope it's a foorball.
The reason you're "mid-tier" might have something to do with all the awkward self reflection and digs. Didn't you make a whole different show for that (TMI)?
If Joe is graphene, I'm a microsoft zune.
yeah, we'll see how the whole  'making graphene from plastic' project will develope... after all, even though he might be a proficient chemist and sort of capacity in his field (I guess I've stepped into pun country now too), James Tour also released a LOT of high level bullshit in the wake of him being a young earth creationist, indeed believing the earth to be 6000 years old being only the tip of the craycray iceberg... so, yeah... makes me a bit extra sceptical about what to expect from this corner, but yeah... time will tell.
Graphene from plastic waste sounds AMAZING. Fingers crossed they can get there.
The space elevator is a no no for now as the weight vs length ratio limits it barely 100kms. And a geosynchronous lab or satellite revolves way higher than that 🧐
Boron nitride. edit: Also 10 science dad joke points for the Goodenough pun.
More puns!
yeah but u make it people will bye it 1kg is a lot and what's a little more in  a brand new car. my food bill is $50 week.  some people I know that have vegan and none cooked dieat is like $300. I eat 1 loaf of bread a day
I know what you mean, graphene seems to be like the new bubble memory.
Super excited
May be I missed it but I didn't hear you talk about the longevity of those batteries, the charge discharge cycle. Because a higher price could be offset by a longer life.
By not recycling the lithium battery’s. Sticking it in landfill. Is that not just putting it back once finished lol.
10 tennis courts? Man you Americans really hate the metric system don't you?
10:55 James Tour is a quack creationist
the other problem with capaciters is that they don't maintain uniform voltage as they discharge.
"Tech nerd stiffie".  Sounds like Joe's got himself a catchphrase. :)
One of my favorite channels you are amazing sir
Video starts @ 7:45
Can you do a video on how well fusion energy is doing
Why did America make aluminium aluminum? All others in the periodic table end in *ium. I'm just curious. I get the other differences and why they exist between the US and other English speaking nations. Just not that one word.
I have been watching videos about graphene and it looks very promising. However whatever is coming that is a major improvement in storage and price and especially environmentally clean, is welcome.
loved the intro!
Ugh, puns
Structural graphene aluminum batteries when? 🤔
Didn’t know Joe ever went outside.
I never thought graphene would be the answer here. Im judt worried it'll be another cold fusion story.  And yes, there def are more materials we havent thought of. Its only been 200 yrs since the industrial revolution, when we really started making stuff. Thats nothing in the grand scheme if things. Anywhere from 100k yrs to 300k+ since humans started building tools. Again, nothing in the grand scheme of things.  Given how we are reaching a singularity and exponential growth, we still have alot to do. It might just come faster now unless we fuck it up with the economy, war, pollution, etc.
POV: you are graphene 😂
Hey Joe, great video as usual! I was going through your content and is it possible that you have never made a video about air-gen?
What about Borophene?
1:24 John B. Goodenough (this science dude is 100 years old, he is still alive and kicking)
I'd like to see luxury cars use these new batteries. They are already now expensive and rare, why not use a new battery technology with them to give massive range, or super fast charging? So a Rolls Royce EV, that gets there latest/greatest battery offering 5 minute charging or 600 miles range.
Graphene discoved by accident at the University of Manchester legend has it that someone got sticky tape on something written with pencil they looked at it under a microscope which turned out to be one atom thick, I have no idea how true that is its but its a cool story. Also kind of cool I was born the year Graphene was discovered 1986
Yeah i wouldnt trust james tour with much. Hes a creationist whos been caught making up stuff along with his creationist buddies and trying to discredit evolution and they lie about scientists thst are involved around that field. He's just not a credible guy.  Hes also a synthetic chemist, not an engineer so maybe im wrong but does he really know what hes talking about? I just dont trust people like that that promote obviously false beliefs. He's not a good christian either cuz he lies and his goal seems to be a return to religious dogma and a theocracy.  Proff. Dave here on youtube has good vids on him.
Another fascinating video. The bad dad jokes alone make it worth the watch.
Try to kick enough footballs, you might actually do it.  That is called progress.
I knew i recognized Tour, he has some crazy ideas and was debunked by Professor Dave Explains
Mid tier? Joe, if you're mid tier, then I don't know what high tier is.
James Tour. That’s a name I never thought I’d hear Joe utter.
For the past five years, every week on YouTube a new video is released which claims to present info on "game changing" battery tech.
Graphene sounds kind of like me through my midlife crisis
No doubt that battery tech such as sodium and grapheme are gonna catch up in production and price, but as they are hardware with some of the longest ramp up, check back in 5 years to see if we have the first factory built.
Yeah, I can't wait till we have the new solid state graphene-thorium fusion batteries🙃
Maybe an ultracapacitor is turned up to 121 unlike a supercapacitor only turned up to 11.
i'd love to see this come to fruition bc it also means china wasted tens of billions of dollars on building their supply chain for batteries and f china
Li-ions share of the market? ha!
Flossing with a molecularly sharp graphene strand seems like a good way to slice the top of your head off.
Joe can go outside?
Let's come back here in 2,5 and 10 years and see what becomes of that magic battery :P
Careful about James Tour.
I Am Graphene Cam is my favorite cam.
Don't be afraid to do more clickbait thumbnails. I love your videos but it's hard to motivate myself to actually click them
Love your vids:) always nice experience
fusion still has graphene beat for promises with moving goal posts
"...I wonder if there's another supermaterial in our future that we haven't yet discovered."  Haven't discovered, or haven't heard about yet?
Are you going to do a video on lithium sulfur batteries and the Drexel research?   Matt Farrel did a video recently (and I know he tends to beat you to publication a lot), but I watched it twice and I still didn’t really follow it. You tend to explain stuff better, imo. Your analogies and organization of the content (explaining smaller concepts first and building on them) help us regular folk understand the complicated engineering/science stuff better.  The sulfur thing sounds like it could be a big deal, but I didn’t really grasp what it meant.
Their graphene price will be much cheaper than $1000 per kg. They generate their graphene from natural gas, with hydrogen being a by-product. Their only cost is natural gas prices +  electricity.  They have said the electricity will come at least in part from solar as well from consuming the hydrogen they produce.  It is about as green of a process as you can get.
You humor is... Nonexistent. It's brutal man.
Was your 4:10 a humble brag about scientific or comedic potential? (This is a compliment) :)
Li-Ion share: marvelous!
WAIT ISNT GRAPHENE JUST PENCIL LEAD? WHY SO MUCH MONEYS??
transascend on Zucker's. Go where no man has gone, Joe.
main word: COULD change lol, it won't change shit
Can you show us a sheet of graphene in hand. People talk about it but never show us a sample.
I think there is value here due to safety. Charge density and packing density is one aspect, but safety trumps all!
12. They've been turned up to 12.
12:25 Bosch is the world's largest automotive supplier, not just a tool manufacturer.
Artisanal mining = slave mine.
The $1,000 per kg is not accurate. GMG is producing graphene for less than the cost of graphite. Putting them closer to $2 per kg than $1,000 per kg.
4:34 is that mother-freaking "The King and the Mockingbird" song reference??!?
Your shirt is a liar!
Good news indeed. Comments for the algorithm
Next video, please drop the comedy routine and get right into the subject matter at hand. You can always go to open mic night to practice.
Professor James Tour has been debunked many times over his BS claims by Professor Dave *cringe*. Probably not the best source.
11:15 best the Mask impression so far
Borophene is apparently the next wonder material. Similar properties to graphene but easier to produce
Someday the best place to mine Lithium will be early 20th century garbage dumps.
Right. And computers were going to give everyone more “leisure time” and electric cars would be within “everyones” reach. Haven’t we seen all these technologies turned against us? And, can’t forget cell phones small enough to fit in your pocket would be just so convenient, but, would track your every movement and would spy on your conversations to big brother and big tech. And report your vaccine status. Won’t we ever wise up..Nah! There was a President recently that said the game was rigged - he is right!
What about the lifespan and degragation of that battery?
They say Borophene is even better than graphene.
Sounds like thorium..
I'm mildly worried that graphene will become the new plastic - this super material that's used every and that's indestructible...  Graphene pollution incoming?
Just a little too much unfunny puns mate. Sry
In order to determine if this clickbait title had any substance, I had to increase the views peed to 1.75 and then drop down to 1.5.  Zero new info!  Thx4nuthin'!
I presume that battery recycling got worse. Just search what is happening with all those wonderful ev's around the world. No one want to recycle them. No one!
If you weren't Graphene then you wouldn't get to read my clever comments from time to time so yah... That.
Interesting how every miracle material comes back to bite us in one way or another  Oil! No more coal miners, and it's more energy dense! It can power the world! Oh, it's bad?   Plastic! This amazingly cheap, light weight material that never degrades! 20 years later, oh.. You meant that last part.
hey Joe, make a video about lignin-redux-flow-battery-storage. 🙂 because it is wood. you know, the stuff we have to grow in millions for our climate situation.....  and please mention, that graphene battery technology is mainly centred in China, because the work with Graphene without healthy security will kill the workers, because it acts similar to Asbestos 😐 most batteries get produced by urygures..... forced..... 🥳
I wonder if it'd be possible to use a fullerene structure to store electricity in the wires between components.
3:20 which phone takes 2 hours to charge?? Most modern phones does 100% in under 90 minutes and newer phones like mine charges a 4000mah battery in 20 minutes
I work in a company that are developing components incorporating graphene, and yeah it's super expensive. Manufacturing cost is one aspect for sure, but there are many ways to get it cheaper. It is in a strange chicken/egg situation where graphene companies are hesitant to invest in high volume manufacturing processes due to the relatively low demand, and the demand is low because graphene is prohibitively expensive. Another thing to note is that methane derived graphene is a typical way to make it, but I don't know if GMG has something else special about their process that is novel.
Oh man ... that pun .... YouTube should take that down for terrorism:|
Lithium Ion technology, invented by John B. Goodenough. This is no joke.
More Puns, Yes! Everyone join the dark side of comedy! We have cookies! 🍪💣🍪😆
There are dozens, perhaps hundreds of genuinely potential soloutions, to the various challenges and it's hard to know which will succeed. (Imagine some major improvement in drilling and boring tech and, suddenly, Geothermal, powers our world!). No idea where the next big thing will come from.... and there is no guarantee that any, or enough 'solutions' will arrive, or be rolled out in time. We can take some solace in the sheer number of promising projects, most of which seem to be stalled by production issues, not science, or engineering. Surely some of them must succeed wildly.
I've thought Tour is bussy leading his frauds against science. weird that he is doing something good too.  edit: but again he's Tour,so .. it all is probably fraud.
It's ok because it will only be 10 years away... and then another 10 years... and....
I like turtles
It's really in the details. But you know this. It's exciting to know that graphene seems to hold the key to that renewable resource we desperately need to combat the negatives associated with petroleum exhaust. I'll keep my fingers crossed just like you. Another great piece. Thanks for all your research and keeping us in the know.
Was stoked to watch The Secret Life of Materials, but it's apparently not available on CS in Canada, at least not yet. Dang.
I thought I heard 'Rio Tinto' and shortly afterwards, 'ethically sourced'. (Something isn't functioning properly.) Rio Tinto has murdered, indigineous, environmental, journalist, union-leaders and raped entire ecosystems. (Just sayin', in case this is a load of 'Greenwashing' propoganda.)
fine Joe, fine, take my money. I'll sign up for curiously stream. :-)
Let’s start developing an enzyme that converts plastics into graphene.
[Love to guess before I watch]  :)   Flash Joule heating of carbon produces a lot of graphene. Electrically charge it and most will not clump together.  Run it through a cyclone to separate by particle density...   If you care about tiny graphene- webare getting pretty close.  That has implications to supercaps and anodes.
Some really great Joe-cks and puns.
i *am* getting a bit tired of tech Lucy pulling the football away from us at the last minute, or all the ground-breaking tech being perpetually 10-20 years out.... i'm over here getting old af and don't know how many "10-20 years" i've got left. :/
Well,  Finally a battery breakthrough du jour that is actually making to market.   Sounds promising.  albeit expensive for a while.
buy GMG shares ;)
Hope you are having a great vacation Joe!
At 4:09...  I feel called out.  I was just sitting here, enjoying one of my favorite YouTube channels and--BOOM!  I'm in an existential freefall.  I feel your angst.  It is also my angst.
any news on ceramic batteries?
"this isn't the stone age, ITS THE PHONE AGE" might just rank amongst my favourite dad-jokes ever.
Hey Joe. Not sure if you mentioned anything about charge cycles, but this would be very relevant aswell.
Please compare graphene to others by weight/energy potential, instead of just cost/weight. TIAFYH
Sorry Joe but what!?! The number of electrons has nothing to do with surface area!!! If it had everything except graphene would carry a massive positive potential, obviously. I expect more rigour from you.
I did put a paper clip as a child in a electrical socket to see what would happen. All I can say to it is that it was shocking.
Great video, Thanks
A Graphene Battery That Could Change Everything is no different than reliable Fusion.
Super exciting! This could be a game changer. I see a future of evolving energy storage technology. This is way more exciting than humans hunting around for more oil to pump out of the Earth.
Graphene has got to be the ultimate solution looking for a problem.
I feel the potential in your electrical puns.  Your current capacity for humor is definitely magnetic.  Bye the way, I can't wait for the videos on how our landfills are filling up with unrecyclable graphene.  Dam you technology, the ole bait and switch.  It's all fun and games till derelict and abandoned space ships start falling out of the sky.  Outer space has amazing potential for the human race, but we'll probably treat it like the oceans.  I'm just saying...
GREAT SCOTT!!!
Look at Redwood materials Joe. Both them and Tesla recycle almost all of a lithium ion battery.
You’re a very top level content creator to me.
Prices will come down - they always do. When Teflon hit the market, the first company to use it had to take out a bank loan - and the bank insisted they keep the 250lb keg of Teflon powder in the bank's vault. Now, the cheapest crap is covered in Teflon. As for recycling - a major battery manufacturer, near me, got into recycling in a big way. I know, for a fact, that their recycled lead and recycled acid batteries are NOT as good as new batteries and actually aren't even as good as the batteries they put out 35 years ago.
Hey joe this was goodenough u should get a nobel prize
James Tour is awesome.
What’s the life cycle? If it can only be recharged twice it’s not of much use.
Never seen Joe outside. I didn't think this was an option for him
Mr thunder foot, your opinion please 😁
Nope too little too late.  We are in abrupt and irreversible climate change.
mid? i think i was just insulted somehow and im not going to explore that aside from saying im 19 and yours is one of my favorite shows to watch you inspire me and add to fire in my eyes for science. 4:22
Lol how often do you hear this from tech blogs. Addresed at 3:50. Nice.
You are a top-tier creator in my book Joe!  I’ve been watching you for years.  Youdabest!
Soon we'll have everything that changes everything.
👍👍
I work on the electrochemical properties of graphene. I've started to joke about graphene as follows:  Graphene is the material that can do absolutely anything..... except leave the lab.
That analogy of one gram matter of graphene covering 10 tenis courts caught me off-guard. I don't believe that. I am going to research that.
I'm a bit confused about the intro. I don't think that the surface area has anything to do with the conductivity of normal materials. What's important is the cross-sectional area through which the current flows. The only exception are topological insulators (which graphene is but steel isn't) where the current can only flow along the surface.
Nice Cavs! Lol love you content
Tell me why car waxes claim to be graphene? Last year ceramic was claim this year it's graphene.
Sounds like the aluminium-graphene battery would be pretty robust, too, which would reduce the need to recycle it on short timelines (which is good). The lower voltage probably means it has a lower "bursts into flames" potential. But also means it has a lower storage potential. Might not be a problem if you can scrap cooling systems like said!
dude u did say you would stop...
Been talking about this for years, probs still a long way away imo
Hmm sounds like somebody just needs to get to marketing. I could easily see selling high end cellphones for 20x the price that charge in 1 minute. There's definitely a demand for such a product.
I loved the intro!
The whole premise seems a bit thin to me....... 😙
Lithium Ion has been around a long time really and they are terrible tech for what you get
In all fairness, lithium-ion took a good 70 years to be viable (lithium battery research started in 1912, and the useful rechargeable ones did not come out until 1980). On the other hand, it has only been 18 years since the discovery of graphene (2004). That is not very long for a massive industrial change in the grand scheme.
It's interesting, but until the manufacturing of graphene is common place it's still pretty far away. But maybe this is a significant step closer.
There's also a problem of graphene recycling. Graphene will be an even worse plastic of the future
1:18 that joke was so bad I laughed.
The tennis court example intro was fun because it was outside and easy to understand example
with graphene being manufactured from carbon. would it be intuitive for these companies that are making it, try to partner with these competitions to remove carbon from the air, and try to figure out a way to capture the carbon from the air and be able to use that carbon in the process? Sadly it seems that the only thing that keeps standing in the way of improvement in technology and in helping the environment is money. Like I get that the majority of people could not afford to pay the difference for a device that had a graphene battery over one that had li-ion batteries. At what point though do we get to the point that it's too late that switching won't matter. There are so many companies that make billions of dollars a year that could afford to make changes but don't because it cuts into profits. Are we at the point were, and I hate saying this, but governments may need to step in and make policies that force companies to make these changes. Could be as simple as either a clean energy tax, to where if your company profits more than a certain amount per year, you have to have a certain percentage of profits funding companies that are in clean energy, or you have to use a certain percentage of clean energy yourself. Or another option is for the government to make subsidies to companies that are manufacturing things that use batteries or similar components and pay them the difference of manufacturing cost to use graphene batteries instead of li-ion and that way it doesn't directly affect the consumer pricing of electronic goods.
Button cell battery... stack 2, 1.7v cells in series into the stand case for a 3.4vvs 3.7v . So long as the graphine has similarly long discharge profile to lipo ,I don't see a problem given graphine''s increased density.
I love the dry jokes on this channel
I have seen more "revolutionary battery" claims in my lifetime than major historical events... and yet not a single one of them held up. We'll see if the pattern really changes.
some things are just really hard. a molecular thin sheet, will like Mars. There are limits.
Maybe we just need to start “growing” micro dendritic super capacitors.
hehe, I gotta say it. American system of measurement. Anything but standard units.(10 tennis courts)
Hey Scott, how does graphene  react in us humans?
Haha!  Even expecting it, your delivery of "more than 11" made me chuckle.  You always bring a smile to my face while giving me new things to think and wonder about, and that is just amazing.  Thank you so much, and keep on keeping on!
Another Soon™ product.
I watch all his videos (and others similar) so I can talk to my physicist son and almost understand him.
Hey Joe, please make a video about fusion plants, and the progress made till this date. Thank you, you are the best! I would like to become a member, but for the moment I'm making about a 12$ a day and it's a Hustle. Again you are awesome!!!!
the puns are great. don't let anyone tell you otherwise :D
How much graphene can one make in a year to make a difference to the industry it is suppose to disrupt? The problem with graphene is in the production scaling like you've said, it is order of magnitude more difficult to solve compared to refining lithium.
It really feels as though graphene is the kid who is always screaming wolf.
It's publicly traded $GMGMF $GMG.V Graphene Manufacturing Group
How does it fail when damaged? Things that charge quickly usually discharge quickly as well, which is what makes capacitors so dangerous. If an entire car battery pack were to discharge in a fraction of a second due to being damaged in a crash, the result could be like a lightning strike. Chemical battery failures are limited by the speed of the chemistry.
There are several new battery technologies going in production this and next year, some of them will be using graphene. Hopefully this one will also come within next couple of years, competition in battery technologies is the best thing that can happen. By 2027 no one will be selling ICE cars as they will be economically outcompeted. By 2030 driving ICE car will be extremely more expensive compared to an EV, which means 2nd hand ICE will be extremely cheap to buy.
I really hope this catches on quick and solves most of our carbon/energy/plastic/economic problems, so we can focus on making new and more exciting problems
Borophene, experimentally confirmed in 2015. Makes graphine seem like an alkaline battery in comparison. Long way to go tho...
Faster charge times would allow for smaller batteries (which would drop weight and increase range per kWh of battery). This would bring the “car” price of battery packs closer together. Perhaps a 100 mile pack with 5 minute charge times would work. So a third the weight of the li ion pack, so only triple the cost roughly.
Why are you Punsishing us so bad today????
Every week new battery  news
Interesting you consulted James Tour.  Idk if you have ever seen Professor Dave Explains, great science educator channel.  He has an ongoing beef with Tour because of tours bad faith arguments re: abiogenesis.
I get nervous seeing Joe outside in the sunlight. Hope he didn't get too hurt.
Li Ion not funny Joe not funny lol.
great production JOE!
The old aluminium/aluminum dichotomy.
We could have infinite clean drinking water across the world, but the only reason we don't is... money. It's always about money.
I think your videos get more views when you use your/someone’s face in the thumbnail. It’s atleast worth looking into 🤷‍♂️
Investing $5000 in GMG in 3... 2... 1...
Would you rather me watching you a day before on Nebula or on here? I'm just asking cause Idk if you get any revenue on Nebula and Idk how to support you the most (outside of patreon)
Thank you for bring us up to date on the graphene subject I still have high hopes for graphene.
I'm sure graphene not being everywhere yet has nothing to do with the fact that products made with them would not be as profitable...
Does anybody else think that Craid Nicol looks like jonny noxville.
You’re an S TIER YOUTUBER JOE NEVER SETTLE FOR LESS ❤
Not over heating would be a huge advantage for power tools.
Joe, has anyone told you that you are an excellent actor?  Your a natural sir..  I'm a big fan...
Another football for sure.
13:13 YouTube literally cut Joe off off to show an Ad while he was reading his sponsor’script 🤣
Wait...the Graphene counsel?
It's the phone age 😆
Graphene has been around less than 2 decades... not exactly a long time for a materiel technology to properly take off :/
You may see yourself as a mid tier content creator in his mid forties but you inspire me nearly every week.
I wish this video had come out 4 months ago. it would have saved me so much time writing my next-gen battery seminar
Super capacitor? I don't even know her!
I am graphene
I catch every video so for the first 5 mins I'm like "Yah yah we know this....and then I remember all the videos I've seen of young people not being able to find Afghanistan on a map....
pozdrowienia z Polski ,parę lat temu nasi naukowcy stworzyli generator grafenu dzięki któremu cena grafenu spadła by co  najmniej dziesięcio- krotnie,politycy to zakały rozwoju technologicznego.
I was surprised to see James Tour mentioned, Professor Dave has done a few videos on him. He is a christian creationist that preaches against evolutionary theory through lying and blatant misrepresentation/misinterpretation of data. His history makes me a bit suspicious of any claims, but cheaper graphene would be great so I hope he isn't lying about this.
'ethically sourced' and 'Rio Tinto' can't be used in the same sentence
I wonder which secret military base invented(reverse engineered) graphene?
Woooooooow, that Li-ion pun even made my dad groan. 😏
Great.  I just invested in lithium mining....
Those puns might make me cringe away from the video... but we will see.
A certain EV manufacturer's battery recycling pilot program is achieving recapture rates of nearly 100%. EV batteries are being regarded as a super high grade ore that contains all the raw materials to make new batteries. It's also more efficient to turn batteries into batteries than rocks into batteries. once the transition to batteries is complete, the amount of additional mining that will need to occur will drop drastically.
Still over my head 😭
Of course it's worth getting excited about... something to better humanity while saving the earth is a god send, why wouldn't we be excited? Even if that football keeps getting yanked out, we can't give up on better technologies
Joe scott always love your videos!
Matt Ferrell (Undecided) level dad puns in this video. I approve.
Joe! Be grateful for your YouTube channel. And get your butt in gear and make some clever movies.  or ?  or whatever else it is that you want to do.  learn how to play that guitar!  do it.
I relate to the I Am Graphene Cam. 😂
🤣🤣 5:02 "Graphene is basically carbon. Which makes up 12% of your body.. so you should be familiar with it" hahaha gold
Joe if you are Graphene....I am Fusion... 🤦‍♂️😂 You're at least going somewhere with promise 😉
This that click bait you were warning us about?  Haha good vid.
Who doesn't love a great battery story even when they always finish with a but...
I can't wait to replace my Lithium dental floss with Graphene!
The charge cycle endurance seems like it should be good as well right? They should last much longer with less reduction of charge. Put in cellphones there will be enough pressure and work to reduce cost.
First, thank you for your always excellent content and great delivery.  And second, the big storage breakthrough that is going to change the world is permanently two years hence.  Keep up the good work.  All the best.
At least it sounds like it might be here before fusion.
Hey Joe, your videos are the only ones I click instantly. I really enjoy them
So first the battery has to be ready, then the battery needs to wait for startups who will use it, since legacy will be highly resistant, then it needs to fight legacy energy, mining and modern battery and the lobbies that come with them. My kid's kids will love it!  *Edit: it's one of those mornings...
1D-9D:  3 sets of 3 dimensions.  1D, 2D, 3D are spatial  4D, 5D, 6D are temporal   7D, 8D, 9D are spectral    1D, 4D, 7D line/length/continuous   2D, 5D, 8D width/breadth/emission   3D, 6D, 9D height/depth/absorption
Just talk about the damn topic of the video already holy shit.
We need smart people to publicly denounce, entirely and forever, the concept of "string theory".  String theory is demonstrably false and has been since globalists first started pushing it on our college campuses.  Nobody smart believes string theory. Let it go. 100% gobbledygook.
Dude why, why do you want to burn 🔥 down my house 🏡 I don’t want to live under an overpass I could, but I don’t want to seriously 😳 squirrels 🐿 and snakes 🐍 hate me
Waiting for official approval from Thunderf00t before i get excited about any new battery technology.
Could you do a video on which of the thousands of things you said "could change everything" which have changed anything?
Great, the major issue is large cureents to charge those batteries? 100 kwh in  5 min may require very high voltages and currents  such infrastructure is expensive, so maybe this may limit the growth
Joe doesn’t even wear glasses anymore🧐
A car battery that can charge 60x faster would put enormous strain on the chargers and the grid. Going faster is not always a good thing.
Graphene will be ready and commercially available the same exact day as fusion energy power plants
Great video brother thanks
We can barely get 300W chargers. Trying to get chargers that supply 10x that?
Microchip do PIC and AVR microprocessors that run on 1.6 volts. I'm pretty sure i've seen spec sheets for microprocessors that run on as little as 1.2volts as well, but can't remember where I saw them. It's an area of active research so I wouldn't be surprised if in the near future electronic circuit run on less than 3.3/5 V they do today.
Electrons... there are suggestions that there is only ONE electron in the entire universe... So that's not a lot of "electrons"... that's a lot of electron.
Surprised Tesla haven’t bought them out
Nerd Stiffie - Indeed :-)
I'm curious about how these batteries will hold their capacity over time. It sounds like if they don't use chemical reactions they will be less prone to this.
Are you going to look into Graphyne? it's similar to Graphene but acts a bit different.
Charge times are nice, but for EVs, price and energy density are _far_ more important. People keep thinking of EVs like gas cars where you have to go somewhere to "fill up" and miss the part where I wake up to a full charge every morning. We need to be working on cheaper batteries so the sticker price of EVs can come down, and grid storage is more feasible.
"You might say they have the Li-on's share of the market" Some come for the science; I come for the jokes
Being able to charge an EV faster will not make EVs any more prevalent in my eyes. Making chargers that can charge an EV 60 times faster than an existing one would produce vastly more heat, be way less efficient, and cost astronomically more than existing chargers. That wouldn't really help sell EVs to those who think they're just a way of wasting tax dollars. Yes they wouldn't need cooling compared to existing batteries, assuming you charged at the same speeds. But when you say 60 times faster, you're also saying 60 times more heat to fill it up.   But the chargers are the reason I don't think this will ever be a good idea. EV super chargers are already ridiculously expensive with those giant transformer stations on the side to to use a few chargers. Imagine how much more expensive and exotic it would be to output 60 times the power. We're talking the difference between the 350 kilowatts and 21 megawatts. That's more power than most homes use in two whole weeks, just to charge a few cars. Yes it would be faster, but this would require the entire electrical grid be rebuilt and basically have high tension lines leading to all the stations.
Every time I hear anything about graphene and batteries I think to myself ,"here ae go again, this isn't going anywhere"
Graphene is like latin-american socialism: when it arrives, it will perform all kinds of miracles that eventually will make life easier, but everybody knows is just a comforting lie.
Looking into sending loose lithium ion batteries by airfreight... sheesh almost impossible. They don't want them in the air. If you are carrying a lithium battery without the device it powers... they won't let you fly with it as carry on.  Definitely not in your checked luggage. If you are, you are most likely breaking airline regulations. These new batteries well...🙂
Has anyone ever tried to get rid of batteries? Like throw them away. I had a trash bag full of over 100 cans of spray paint… That was easier to get rid of than five AA batteries.. 😂😂😂🙄 I tried to donate them to the right place so that they were taken care of safely but couldn’t get it done. So eventually I just walked down the street and throw them in a public trashcan which was absolutely the wrong thing to do but I had no other option. So it’s not just about making these things or storing them it’s also about getting rid of them as well
Carbon and Aluminum would be way more ethically sources than the battery materials we use today. More stuff like this.
Cool. Now, if only there were a way to have children in 3rd world countries stip mine the graphene somehow, just like we do with Lithium. That would be so cool.
One thing seems certain, lithium ion-based battery tech will certainly need to be replaced in automotive use cases.  There just isn't enough lithium-ion in the pipeline to meet demand.  EV's should actually be cheaper than ICE cars.  They use fewer parts, but the parts are more expensive because of the available supply.  Our most abundant resource in America is trash, we need to turn trash into batteries.
At his point, for my sanity, I just assume that all graphene related technologies will not happen in my lifetime. Better to be pleasantly surprised than constantly disappointed.
Dartmoor England has Cobalt
Since air has lots of hydrogen in it, how bout a machine that uses all that hydrogen? or a water burning machine.. forget batteries.. it took humans a while to figure out how to make fire,, how to burn water or air will be a thing of the past.
I can’t believe that you beat Matt Ferrell with making video about new battery tech :D
Wake me when graphene battery technology is actually efficient enough to be made en masse. I suspect I will be snoozing for awhile. : (
James Tour is a wack job. Has a religious following that he feeds pseudo-science views. Be very careful considering this man's views.  https://youtu.be/ghJGnMwRHCs
Does this mean we'll be recharging our graphene batteries with fusion generated electricity? ;). Yeah, I'm a bit pessimistic, but it's certainly exciting times.  I just hope something comes of it sooner rather than later (like within the next 10 years would be pretty nice).
There used to be a short video, it was kind of like an infomercial, on YT, it described how a research team from somewhere in Europe (I think) invented liquid graphene aerosol spray on solar panels. Similar to a can of spray paint, this was an aerosol spray can full of graphene spray on solar paneling. To me, at that time, this new graphene solar cell spray was such an awesome new potential product as to almost be unbelievable. You could spray it on almost any surface, insert positive and negative wires, and viola instant solar panels harnessing the Sun's power. I figured a breakthrough like this would be very popular and everyone would have their roofs covered with it. I first watched the video I just  described over ten years ago. I don't know why technology like this is not a huge hit around the globe yet, but it's not. I'm just now starting to hear about it again after a decade of nothing.
I can’t wait for legit graphene super batteries to collide with the Jetson EVTOL!
Get excited tech nerd stiffy's are *Hard* ❤️
so we should all take stock in the gmg corp?
Joe goes OUTSIDE?
I love these batteries that could change everything stories. There's a new one seemingly every month or two. For once I'd really like to see one actually succeed in revolutionizing battery technology. Here's another example from today: https://youtu.be/e3CXzEtAyjY
Graphene has continued to be the next fusion powerplant. Greatest possible solution to the problem, 30 years away.  It's actually kinda worse now as in many regards we've discovered new metamaterials similar to graphene that beat it in each category.   For examples, Hafnium-tantalum-carbon alloy is now the metal with the highest melting point, aluminum-oxynitride is an incredibly strong transparent material, stanene seems to be a new super conductor capable of remaining super conducting up to 100C vs graphene which is only a superconductor at 1.5K or -279C, and Boron-Aluminum-magnesium (BAM) is the most slippery material slicker than ice and similar hardness to diamond.  Graphene is still really cool, but it's no longer the only metamaterial with actual promise in modern material research.
"Tech-nerd stiffie".... I almost choked on my charging cable.
Only one problem is that James Tour is an absolute idiot currently. Dude went from a well respected individual to a fraud. Just look at what Professor Dave has done on him.
You might say Graphene could lead to a spark-ene future. :) lol.
A lot depends on the cycle life of this new graphene battery. If it has more useful cycles than LiIon, then we might see it used in a hybrid pack, half graphine for fast recharge and high cycle use, and the higher energy density LiIon to increase the range.
Is anyone trying to make graphene out of atmospheric CO2? If it was successful, I could see it both slowing climate change and lowering the cost of graphene.
"Give you a stiffy"?
Graphene is the new Fission energy and the new Cancer cure??? Prove me wrong???
Lithium batteries also cannot be used in every product that uses batteries. They will melt the circuits of some wireless microphones for auditoriums and churches or flash units for photography.
Good thing that i'm undecided with Matt Ferrell so i can find Answers with Joe
ahh yes graphine the material the replaced lead in pencils
If they can pull off at least early lithium ion battery levels of energy density then I think the charging speed may well make it the better option, especially for inner city commuters, busses, taxis etc
i dont get excite about this. I will get when SOLID STATE BATERRY for Jhon B. Goodenoght and Helena Braga reserch come at market. efficiency at 100% culomb, 23.000 life cycle and x5 more capacity than today Li-ion wich mean 1000W/kg(1kW/1kg).
holy shit dude, get to the point already.
The puns are bad enough but you constantly referring to them and some kind of meta commentary, do you think you are clever or funny. It’s a shame because I think you had some interesting information. I just couldn’t finish the video because you’re so damn annoying. Stop trying to be something you’re not and deliver the information.  . You could’ve been a great science communicator but you’re trying to be Dave Chapelle and you know what? you’re not funny.
I love the opening with the onsite tennis court. You could have just used some stock footage like 99% of similar channels. We notice these nice touches and they elevated the quality of your above so many other channels.
What GMG battery is going to be made of graphene?
maybe talk to redwood about recycling so you know what you're talking about.
Radiative Plastics and Alpha Particle Batteries. 'Plastics' that contain radiating elements and do not degrade structurally during the release will be the next phase. Some objects will contain elements held in plastic suspension that release Protons as radiation, creating a charge, for low-power itinerant devices
James Tour is a nutjob
Graphene can do everything except leave the lab.
the L--ions share of the market... nerdy dad joke and I like it
so intrseting graphiine can be used for battery,...... and its also in the certificate of .......... [DATA EXPUNGED] NINETEEN [ REDACTED] and bill gates alwyas lies microsoft always lies. lied about original xbox. lied about windows 10, lied they wont destoy java minecraft lied that they care for you, well they do, just rather care that your dead rather than well.
Ten tennis courts ?? How many football fields is that ??
I run an XSPower 75 farad capacitor with a group 9 motorcycle battery in my Honda Prelude. The cap is for audio, but I don't have a "system", and the battery is only rated 85cca, but together they measured at 502cca by the Honda (car) dealer.  Honestly, after DD'ing the car for two months (with zero failures!) I think everybody is stupid for not doing this.  I did that to save weight…for dumb reasons, but I did save over 30 pounds!
The drone batteries I use in my rc trail trucks claim they are graphine based. Seems to be the hot ticket
2:50 even if it doubled nowadays(wich i doubt it) it still too litle.
How about graphene out of LA smog. There is an abundant supply.
GNG CEO Craig Nicol, more like Chris Farley's ghost
Joe, I love your puns. :)
Youre pretty good at the dad jokes, you should start thinking about getting kids…
Huge potential.  Of course, lots of things with huge potential are never realized.  But if we don't try, we will never know.
Wasted potential energy is the story of my life
Man, it’s weird to see a James Tour reference outside of a Professor Davian context.    My first reaction is still to cringe, but it’s at least followed up with “hey maybe if he can keep his eyes down on a task not evolution-involved he can still be a boon.”
Aw Joe, you are ATLEAST upper mid tier.
Nazaré eterna
didn't Just Have a Think do this one recently?   lol jk 🤣
Mid-Tier content creator he says. You Mr. Scott should be in the top-tier.
Ohh what a great time to be alive. sure graphene is taking years to develope into something usefull.. and by the time it IS usefull. something else might have come along to replace it. i wonder if tech is gona start slowing down soon, one of my teachers guessed we have only so many years of advancements left before we are stuck wondering what to do with what we have discovered.
Can someone explain the intro for me? I have a bachelors in physics, but really don't see what he means with it. And also the explanation that a material is conductive because electrons can move in the SURFACE? If you have a sollid rod of copper it will be significantly more conductive than a thin tube with the same outer diameter (especially if we don't move into too high frequencies).
You are the one who opened my eyes to all the cobalt problems.  I imagine I'm not the only one.
you aged bro
One for the algorithm.
for a coin battery to get 3 volts just put two in series in the packaging. Aluminum and graphene does well in series. so 3 volt, 9 volt. so primary batteries or non-rechargeable  i suspect could be done today. it might be the secondary or rechargeable batteries that would be a problem.
Loved the intro! Would love to see more takes like that
As much as I want to belive, she will pull the football again.... and again.... and again.....
It is great that so much of the university research is propriatary and not that open source evil satan tempts us with, when.... it is funded by the tax payers....
Middle Tier Content Creator >> Middle Management.
"artisanal mines"... That use slave labor
Sounds too good to be true.  Please prove me wrong.
Since graphene is also a super strong material, how about an EV where the frame is made of graphene but it also serves as the battery? Oh, a flying graphene electric car! I'm off to the patent office.
The absolute pair on this man to say that dad joke 1:10 into the video. I know you lost like half your viewership right there. 😂
When I see James Tour all I can think of is him vs Professor Dave debate over chemical functions of life
Density per volume?
Yayyyy a 24th battery video
Nothing will ever happen and we all know it
300,000 combinations?  Sounds like one heckuva ANOVA exercise.
Electrifying content again. Thanks...
Fun fact- the average paper clip is not electrically conductive. All my MacGyver attempts to close a circuit have failed.
Honestly this is one of the coolest intros you've done, nice job 👏👏👏
Rice University? My God, the racist jokes abound.
The only pun I don't mind is Goodenough. I would love an update video on him and solid electrolytes someday. What would also be cool is a comparison of all these new battery tech advancements. Which are better? Which are complementary? Etc
I'm finally getting suggested your videos again.
The ultimate would be graphene manufactured in nuclear fusion power plants. Doh!
You can't say ethically sourced and RioTinto that close together and have me take you seriously.
So could you say that a Graphene-Aluminum battery is the Holy Gr-Al of battery tech? 😗
Dr. James Tour is freaking awesome.
Is there a way you could film with the camera positioned more perpendicular to your bookshelf? The skew of the shelves drives me nuts.
James Tour is a genius!
Yeah because the electrical grid can handle load dumps like hypercharging? 🤔
Graphene also has dangers associated with plastics. Hard to break down, ends up in oceans, etc etc...
Hey Joe! I love your content. Been watching for a while, this is the first time I’ve commented. I was wondering your take on the recent clames from a Google engineer that their AI has become sentient. I watched the video done by cold fusion on the subject and I can’t stop thinking about it. Has humanity passed the threshold of creating silicone based life?? Or do you think it’s clever word play designed to sound like actual self aware intelligence?
so tired of hearing all about this new battery and that new battery tech. until it hits the market in quantities is nothing but small talk.
It’s cross sectional area. Not surface area that determines conductance. Sorry to only pony out mistakes. I really like your channel.
1:28 the puns are too much, i will come back tomorrow.
Another wonder with carbon?  Where are the carbon nano tube cells?
comment about how great this video is for the algorithm
Given a rapidly *rechargeable* battery used in a vehicle, what would it's "mileage" be compared with more conventional batteries be in stop and go traffic using regenerative braking?
OMG I'm 35 and my teachers all said I had a lot of potential. I'm considering becoming a game streamer eventually, too! LOL IDK about him but I got sick at puberty and am living my best life as a zombie 24/7. I never had to apply myself to get good grades on tests. Now I live with my childish dad and yell at him to clean his room. And I'm obsessed with someday getting a girlfriend, but I'm too depressed to go on.
You can take one thing for sure, there is thousand people trying to solve graphene's down sides. Why? because money. The first one to develop a cheap process to produce graphene, will hit the jack pot. Billons devices, cars, energy storage ... you name it, waiting for the right solution.
Graphene is like soccer being popular  in the US, just a few years away ...
I thing the IA should investigate14,000,605 futures instead of only 300 000.
Graphene would also be a low pressure reverse osmosis membrane replacement,  which could heal itself.  Desalination at a fraction the cost!
3:45 idk why, but this joke cut me up so bad
Wouldn't it be great if graphene could be made using carbon-dioxide.
Whoa, whoa whoa... feelings. #iamgraphine
I'm guessing that at 2.29 Joe meant to say 'Artesian' (well like) rather than 'Artisanal' (made in limited numbers by an artisan) though the idea of hipster miners did make me smile.
Where's ian Crossland!!!
Lithium iron phosphate batteries are safer, last significantly longer (up to 10x as many cycles), and don't use cobalt, and are already widely available. There's very little reason to use the old lithium Nickel Manganese Cobalt Oxide batteries. The only thing is LiFePO4 is a little less weight efficient.
"GMG for example has patented a process for making graphene out of methane but they're being kind of 'cagey' about it."  Unintended pun?   Boron nitride is another promising 2D material. It is being explored in combination with other 2D materials. It has been said that there are hundreds of 2D materials, each with their own distinct properties. Properties that could herald a new era comparable to the Internet in its impact on society.
Because replacement batteries are so expensive I’m wondering if that is why you hardly see Prius on the road anymore. Like 10 years ago they were all over. Now Tesla’s are everywhere. In my 10 minute freeway commute I usually count 12-15 Tesla cars
I would say 4 tennis courts for 1g of Graphene (roughly calculated). Looks like you confused inches and cm at some point.
Puns on point.
Wait, what? Joe has a lower body?
ouch... did you just say "Electrons move" across it's surface... ouch...  😬 Clearly you've not seen the recent conversation between Electroboom and Veritasium.  🙃
Anyone else feel like a space elevator would be a foolish idea? It just seems like something that would be doomed to fail.
A technology establishes a dominant marketshare, there is nothing wrong to supplant it as better solutions are developed. Example vinyl 🎶 , mag tapes, 8trk, cassettes, cd, ipods, now online.
Ill see you in tens years. Lol. At least you are real with this information and made me laugh.
Li-ions share of the market
4:23 - "...they eventually become a mid-tier content creator in their 40s."  Me looking up to Joe.
Borfine!  Boron  like graphene. 👍 also simular properties.
Starts at 3:36
Excellent work! When Curiosity Stream finally accepts PayPal, I'll sign up with the affiliate link.
How will this benefit electric wingsuits? Other wise is pointless
i'm never giving up my nickel cadmium rechargeable batteries.  they are the pinnacle of battery technology.  all this new fangled high tech fooey is for the birds.  bah humbug.
m...m...m...more than eleven.  I lol'ed.
So, when you make these claims about these batteries charging faster, is that with our current electrical infrastructure in normal houses, or is that with specialized charging infrastructure? Would any changes need to be made to the outlets in my house for me to take advantage of these batteries if one magically materialized?
Better batteries feel like they miss the mark somehow. Like lighter, faster versions of 'this' don't seem better.  Wait, wait, let me cheer myself up...better batteries can lead in the direction of decentralization! So Yay!
Those opening puns were top-tier. Also the callback to your video on solid-state batteries did not go unnoticed ;)
I was nerdy enough to laugh out loud at the goodenough joke, just having seen the pic... Somone... end me...
They have been working on graphene for years its a wonder they haven't figured out how to create the lattice properly to form electron storage cells. So many common materials like sand that can be formulated into a battery cell along with other common materials.
I come for the content. But really, I stay for the combo jokes. Every time.
Love your humor. You're a punny guy. Also, informative and useful info. Thanks.
Joe your videos are always the best to sit and sip coffee to listen to in the morning. Used to listen to the news but can't do it anymore
🤣🤣🤣
Sure... this time it is true... really...
Stop it
Joe, I remember you made a video a while back where Matt Farrell had basically done cool videos with all your ideas before you got them made. That must've been disheartening. Since you made that vid, I'm always reminded that you're just significantly more fun to watch/listen to. No disrespect to Matt, but his niche is detail/polish maybe and yours is fun/humour while informing, and that's why I prefer yours. Keep it real Joe.
Yes, I think we should get excited about this and we will finally hit the ball.
Wow! You came sometimes out!?
People realy realy underestimate scaling. Going from idea to prototype to pilot to industrial.  Not everything scales well. Building any industrial factory or big upgrades takes years. And scaling is a big risk if you not assured it works. Company want to make money.  Also alot of scientist need money for research. But money spenders(goverment or private), just cant see the long work it takes to invent stuff. There is a lot of simple sample work. But moneymakes dont care about that. So scientist over hype a little to get more money. Than the media picks it up and blow them completly out of context. Than people are hyped but are dissapointed a couple of months after. But science doesnt care about time or opinion. It works on there own time
Mid tier? Homie joe out here doubting himself when j a solid A tier, fuck maybe even an S
Graphene anything is pointless untill they can mass produce it
Graphene can do everything except leave the lab.
It's important to remember that it took scientists decades to develop and refine the production of silicon after its potential as a material was learned.
Professor Tour is also known to spew ridiculous nonsense about scientific fields he has no prior experience of formal education in - like the origin of life and evolution.
"Roar- Joe Li ion"
How many cycles vs Li-ion?
So graphene is basically the will sidis of new age materials
Dont undersell yourself Joe, with that Mid-Tier miss classification 4:28 Channels like this and ones like Smarter Everyday are gems among the drab usual bs on here, when you could be learning something you didnt know you might like knowing 😉
I imagine the main reason Graphene hasn't taken hold is just because there isn't a worthwhile product - like a battery - to make it worth major mass production. Hopefully this is the product that realises the wonder material, because then we may finally see it take hold in other industries
Has anyone reverse engineered the Egyptian battery from a tomb that still worked
This reminds me of Nuclear Fusion ... always 20 years away.
This is exciting!
Graphene is one of those technologies that, if delivered on, will solve a good chunk of humanity's problems. If people focused on it as much as they do on marvel movies or johnny depp then we might actually be somewhere right now.
That's quite exciting. Hopefully this use of graphene will actually come to fruition.
I'm into car audio and look forward to seeing this used for super caps!! And thank you again for the videos 👍🤟👍
The jokes in this video were electric ⚡️
begoodenough did it again I saw some videos on this like 3yrs ago
Still worries how long graphene superconductor-ish battery can keep a phone charged, is there any example from the research?
It’s the comedic delivery for me 😅
Now all I want to see and make is a graphin long sword
My inner Wattson was satisfied
Joe, I've been following you for a long time, rarely comment. But please, you could say that, but don't. Please.
Ask the government..I'm sure they found the perfect material to make amazing batteries 20 years ago but like all amazing technology that will help humanity in ways we can't imagine the government suppresses locks it away and we won't benefit from it for decades if ever
Goodenough pun on point
"Is this worth getting excited about or are we going to have the football yanked out from in front of us once again" implies that you aren't the one who keeps holding the football for us LOL.
I dident know how much i needed some good news even if its just speculative
Love the puns, and am curious whether or not the "click baitie" titles works keep us posted
Jajaja 🤣 (spanish equivalent to hahaha)
One day in the near future, all electronic tech will run off a human energy. Then we'll need to find new ways to consume more energy to power them. While we become less and less human.
Ahhh graphene. That thing that’s perpetually only five years from totally changing the world.
I don’t think the price of graphene will follow the same cost trajectory as Lithium-Ion batteries did. The amount of energy needed to make the Graphene might not even be that high but it will definitely effect the price no matter how efficient you get. We do see the same for materials used in Lithium-Ion but not to the effect that it would even come close to the same price. So we’re talking about a few hundred percent gain in production efficiency. I feel like somebody could calculate a theoretical limit?  Battery costs are rising atm and will stay pretty high, but Na batteries are on the horizon for the late 2020s. They will cost even less than Li-Ion and I think the abundance will cause prices to drop in the late 2030s again, making the gap to this graphene technology even bigger.  I just hope the industry no one patents the manufacturing technology when they find a good one…
I like how he says "I know" after LM honest with him
So it’s considered another type of solid state battery?
I mean considering we went from downloading barely 1MB of data through Internet to downloading hundreds of GB in a span of dozen of years for commercial use. And from consoles with few pixels to computers that can play games in 8k. I wouldn't be suprised, if battery industry could be totally different in just next year and we won't even bat an eye. Phones and laptops that fully charge in mere seconds and common use of electric cars and other vehicles, that will be a norm sooner or later.
Yaaayyy this Rox 🤠🤟
Recycling has reached about 20%
This better not be clickbait
"so you could go and take a leak and by the time you come back, it would be charged".  But, don't capacitors have a tendency to 'leak' (see what you've reduced me to, Joe)?
Wait, wasn't that dude in the end that creationist nutjob? James Tour?
Look, this is all well and good. But you know, as well I and the majority of switched on people, that *anything* that threatens (even in a minor way) the profits of the BigEnergy Companies will be supressed, hidden or shot-down in an all out attack so as to not jeopardise the cash hungry CEO's of said companies.   I mean, we all remember Stan Meyer and his water powered car right? That technology was called out as being utter fantasy for decades, and the majority of the KFC Bucket munching, MackyD's chomping numb-nut world population bought it hook, line and sinker. They even KILLED the poor bastard so his technology wouldn't hurt the oil/petroleum industries! And only now, we're only just seeing Hydrogen Fuel Cells being slowly drip fed into the car market.   This battery tech will ONLY be a reality when there is a way to make serious profit from it.   Oh, and Elongated Muskrat can swivel. His family used slave labour in their Emerald mines, and he's followed family tradition by using Congolese slaves for his Cobalt. Fkng scumbag.
Stupid, silly and not all funny. Goodbye, I'm not coming back.
I don't believe a word of it .
I was a National Merit Scholar.  I was also poor and conventionally lazy.  Guess what won out?
Your puns are Goodenough.
wait what? a new battery technology that isn't just "you can buy it in 15 years"
I hate how i cant impulse buy the lasted gadget with a built in battery, toss it in my closet and try to use it 3 years laters and have it work.
Shoutout to Mr. Goodenough 😂
the football again
weird start.. in metal it's not the surface that conducts and graphene does not have many electrons because it has a big surface area
I'm excited...it ticks all the boxes once graphene is less expensive.
I like this channel but it makes me feel stupid
4:35 Don't worry Joe, like, 60% of your base are also graphene.
Have you heard about the Caplan Thruster? Its a stellar engine that would move our solar system through space. I heard about it from In a Nut Shell.
James Tour is a young earth creationist. Maybe he's a competent scientist when it comes to batteries, but he has some really ridiculous ideas about evolution, cosmology, and geology. I am skeptical of anything with his name attached to it, given his complete disregaurd of so many other fields of science. Hopefully I'm wrong but he seems like snake oil salesman.
So, you know Joe,  I think the moment the Tesla  people reach out their tentacles for a  solution to battery technology they think is  better than their own in every way, that's the  moment to say: Wow.
The fact that they are actually making batteries already is super encouraging! I feel like a lot of these promising technologies never leave the lab, and even if this never progresses beyond the 1.7v coin cell, that's still awesome! Anything we can do to reduce our dependence on slave labor is something we should absolutely do
The only way graphene batteries will become a reality will be in the same way Lithium batteries become a reality, because no one wanted to change all the industry to produce them, SONY was forced to literally build the infrastructure needed for Lithium batteries from the ground up, so the rest of the rest world slowly fallow them
Sir, if you don’t stop with the puns I’ll have to charge you with battery 👮‍♂️
Info about the new battery starts at 6:40.
You mean, the same James Tour who Professor Dave debunked last year?  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SixyZ7DkSjA  Are you sure James Tours claims in regards to graphene are any more credible?  They may be, but he and his "team," don't exactly have the greatest track record.
You missed an opportunity to yell “OVER 3000!!!”
I mean yeah... but graphene hasn't been around for THAT long. Makes sense that were still figuring out the best way to make and use the stuff.
Is it me or is the color grading different on this video
It's awesome to see a company covered that's actually shipping a product
Speaking of graphene, there's a 3-part series on here about a guy who faked all his research work (on superconductivity) so spectacularly that he was on his way to a Noble until he was caught. It's mind blowing 🤯
Even graphene risks of being replaced by borophene(boron) pretty soon.
As a dad I appreciate your puns, especially the John Goodenough one
I had to turn this video off at 4 minutes 40 due to you going off track and making terrible jokes/gags. An interesting topic ruined in my opinion.
Graphene bad
Rio Tinto is one of the planet's worst companies destroying so many lives and poisoning more people than most other similar companies combined.
"Lithium Ion won" - WRONG ! If all you have are EVs, cell phones, & laptops, that would be correct. But they are wasted on bulk storage. There are older, and economical newer battery technologies that are better, if for anything saving the LIMITED materials for lithium ion, for portable devices. The problem are these MYOPIC knee jerk reactions !  Question of these Graphene Aluminum batteries/capacitors. How many charge cycles do get out of them ?
9:15 I know you're just trying to be funny here, but I'm sure your viewers don't come here to be misled. The pouch cell batteries that were catching fire in the Chevy Bolt EV and Hyundai Kona Electric were a result of faulty manufacturing processes, not some inherent flaw in the pouch cell format itself. Also, in terms of EV manufacturers and models, cylindrical cell batteries are actually in the minority, and typically limited to the more expensive models. Otherwise, most EV models sold today use pouch or prismatic cells, not cylindrical cells.
I'm excited for when we start finding eezo deposits
At 1:27 could have said “are all my puns giving you negative energy?”
You. Are outside.
I think it's more likely that we will have different battery chemistries for different uses, rather than 1 battery for all.  Graphene makes sense for phones, where you need it charged now!  Paying $25 more for a battery that charges in 3-5 minutes is nothing on an already $600 phone.  For last leg commercial freight, where you don't have to worry so much about mass, I see Sodium Li-Ion.  For vehicles, where battery longevity is key, I'm really impressed with the Sulfur-Lithium or Sulfur Sodium tech.  For hand held tools, where charge cycles are not the issue, but small battery size and weight, cost, traditional Lithium Ion seems like the best fit.  I don't see it being a 1 size fits all when these techs hit the market
Lithium ion only started getting traction in the 90s and took another 2 decades to become widespread so I am giving it 2 decades.
Watch some of the videos of FDNY  fighting multi-alarm fires started by Lion batteries in e-bikes. There are over 20 from 2021 on. Probably more from before then.
when I read a headline like this I am just like cool I'll never hear about this ever again...
I'm not graphene. I'm potato.
U literally  have  cool YouTube  channel  ur running  and  shittons of followers.   Shut  your  mouth  :D ur doing fine! Keep up good  work  !
Easy with the puns Joe. That's more per video than I can handle!
you need a massive flat block of graphite and a huge roll of sellotape. graphene mass production done
Judging by the videos YT recommends me a new battery that could change everything seems to come out about every 3 weeks at this point
Obviously the next supermaterial will be Morbium. Only one morbillion atoms thin
Absolutely re-volting!
Much love from Manchester, UK! Looking forward for the graphene batteries and that bespoke spacElevator (talk 'bou puns). :)
Is the 4680 really only 265 Wh/kg?  The 2170 is 260 Wh/kg isn't it?
Wouldn't it be nice for someone to find out how to get carbon from CO2... let's say from the athosphere... or perhaps from exhaust pipes directly?
Every time there is a cut shortly there after you raise your eyebrows 😂😂
Graphene is basically one of a whole new world of 2d(one atom thick) materials, of which others will have different properties, better and worse than graphene in whatever areas.  This will be the truly transformative thing, not just graphene itself.  For example, while graphene does seem to still have some viability of usage in computer chips in some limited aspects, other 2d materials are generally considered to be a lot better for the full-on sort of 'silicon replacement' that many have been hyped for.
Let's be real. If cobalt is sourced elsewhere, the kids who are being exploited today, will starve to death tomorrow. A much more just state of affairs?
Make gas cheap again.
not sure @veritasium would agree with electrons moving :) :) :) https://youtu.be/oI_X2cMHNe0
sounds exciting; lowering price of manufacturing for graphene is a safe thing to assume in the future (imo)
4:10. Stop talking about me.
4:26 at least your not a mid-tear creator in their 2000's.
Lol
I got 3 minutes into the video and stopped watching because of the puns.
To stay in orbit, the elevator would have to be a lot longer than 100 kilometers — more like 100,000 kilometers (62,000 miles) long. That's roughly a quarter of the way from Earth's surface to the moon. plus the earth spins roughly around a thousand miles per hour. It would be cheaper in the long run just to send rockets into space than to build an elevator 62,000 mi up. so you're looking at four or five days on an elevator. That elevator better have a bed and a toilet 😅. I really don't think they're thinking this through.
I've got more than five decades of, "This could change everything!"  Funny thing...  The things that change everything are rarely touted by commentators until decades later.  I won't be holding my breath.
You look more handsome today
Wait no I think you shoulda stuck with the Phoneage honestly it is the best term for what we are in even better than Communication revolution and internetage.
On the counterpole, your polarising puns are positively electrifying!
New York-based study team contrasts 1 percent lithium-ion battery recycling rate with 99 percent rate for lead-acid batteries. Holy Crap!!!!!!!!!!!!
Interesting how four things are all making significant improvemebnts at the same time: Energy storage, AI, 3D printers and robotics. What could possibly go wrong?  Could be fun.
Ian Crossland where are you? 🤣
Oh my god.  I just god a Lomi ad 😂
If you want a game changer... find a way to make graphene out of carbon dioxide! Then global warming will turn into global cooling, and "carbon caps" will be minimums instead of maximums!
Well, even if it's not "pure" enough for batteries, recycling plastic into graphene is clearly the ultimate solution to plastic pollution. Like, those guys scale their facilities so they can fit on ships, sail out to the Pacific garbage patch, and go to town. Use the stuff to make a giant floating island, use that as the base to build the space elevator. Boom!
2:50 The real problem here is a lack of easy recycling for disposable lithium batteries. I only know of a couple of retail locations where these batteries can be dropped off (Best Buy and Target), and there's zero incentive for dropping off old batteries other than "doing the right thing."
All I am saying is that if it ain't made by the billion dollar-researchcentre of CATL then I am not even paying attention. That CEO from GMG looks scetchy AF too tbf. Like, you know, an aircastle-salesman kinda guy.
Let’s see a super capacitor discharge in under a second.  That could be “enlightening”
*0:11**...well, maybe once...pretty blue spark...just sayin'*
yep another '10 years away before mass production at scale' battery. ugh
The "i am graphine cam" killed me 😂
Watching Joe give it a go! After listening to the rest of the video, I concluded that some of the pun's did not measure up. So I rated some as Two-Thirds of a PUN, which is PU. All kidding aside, you have a great website.
Glad to see Craig Nicol finally got away from his old partners Metal and Hydride to make a better battery! Their old tech kinda sucked.
"battery technology is evolving so fast" - dont know about that. I remember some 10 years ago, i was reading about different battery technologies being developed and there were some real amazing promises done that within 5 years time things will change dramatically. 5 years later, in 2017, I've read other articles about battery technologies which were amazing as well and they were supposed to change the world in about 5 years time. Now, another 5 years later, we are where? Yet another 5 years before some major breakthrough will happen? and then what? Another 5 years?
Really bad puns, pleeeese stop, bleeding from my ears 😭😭
"The limiting factor" showed in the video he released this week, that scaling up production of new chemistry batteries will easily take up to a decade, before any meaningful volume production is reached. He was talking about Sodium Ion batteries, that have far less technical challenges. The two main stumbling blocks are scaling up the needed new production techniques and (the biggest one) is scaling up the supply chain, needed for production. So I wont hold my breath
I wonder what happens in 20 years time when we suddenly discover graphene flakes in the bloodstream of children. Given the current cost of graphene I doubt anyone has assessed its environmental impact.
At least it is "commercialized" already?
I think it's definitely going to be great. Going to be.
I still cannot believe that Americans both pronounce AND spell Aluminium incorrectly.
please do transparent aluminum.
Hey joe, don’t do the caps in the title. Your thumbnail is well designed and catchy enough. Very few channels have that. Love your branding. A word from your fan- you combine humour with information and bts, audio and branding is so well done. I truly think that you are one day going to be biggest presenters of this spectrum. You are very entertaining, and that works so well because no matter how nerd one is, they still prefer information to be presented in a fun way. Too sad I can’t contribute financially because my government doesn’t allow that, but one day, would really love to be a part of your club.
About to turn it up to 11  Brace yourself. . . Brace yourself for 12
I'm extremely skeptical of the quality of anything (answer or project) that comes from James Tour
Your reactions to your own puns is the most amusing part. Keep it punning 😉
DINOSAUR POOP 💩 CURRS ALOPECIA
4:08 - Great! Now I'm being compared to Graphene? Thanks, Joe!
Joe rocks!  Thank you for researching this stuff so we don't have to.  I appreciate that you are open and honest about your process and sources.  You always entertain and inform.  Thank you.
If C-8 (teflon) caused and is causing an environmental problem, is toxic, carcinogenic etc, what would C-Infinity do?  We know C-8 builds up, can't be digested or converted by animals or bacteria. Is graphene going to be that, but worse?
Since this was Queensland university you can be sure a spy student sent every last detail to China. Intellectual property theft by mainland Chinese students is extensive.
Lol James Tour... I tend to take things with a massive grain of salt from someone who talks utter nonsense about other well established topics.
The PEOPLE want Joe in 4K !!!
Wait, how many grams of graphene are in one of these batteries?
Look Joe, we love your videos. Honestly! I've been a subscriber for years. But once in a while you have to do a video about a new technology that has gone into mass production.
While this isn't about Graphene, what happened to nanotubes? I remember reading all over the place that they were going to be the next best thing. But as far as I'm aware, not much has been done with them.
Important Context: James Tour is also a Christian Fundamentalist and a Creationist who is publicly doubting origin of life research based on his religious beliefs.
Joe, what would a world without politicians really look like? Good, bad?
I want thin, light, crispy graphene potato chips. Mmmmmmm....
I am graphene... Lol. That was hilarious 😆
Pull the CO2 from the atmosphere, turn the carbon into graphene. 2 birds, 1 stone. You're welcome, Earth. I want my crown to be made out of graphene.
ALD atomic layer deposition 1-atom layer of dielectric capacitor
Plenty to get excited about, but the approach to Sciencing has to go back to someone like Professor Sean Hartnoll who has an association with Professor Susskind's Black Hole Singularity positioning integration and Superconducting materials, or, where to begin with Holographic Principle Imagery projection-drawing time-timing Actuality before reorientation to the intricacies of resonance bonding battery chemistries.., that is if you want to justify the cost of a Science Education.   This applies to Education and reorientation to Courses in general. It is the citizen democracy requirement?
For that “Gifted kid” who’s now making content for YouTube, sounds like the story for a ton of ADHDers.    You have attained a level of success that is helping the world through informing and entertaining people, and I for one thank you for it.
Wow. Ok, John. You just went full American now by measuring things using tennis courts.
_Lithium minimum;_ _Graphene mad keen._
ooooh what's this high production intro lol
4:09 Graphene is like that gifted kid who graduated high school at the age of 12, was forced by his/her parents to go to an Ivy League college, earned a PhD by 18, moved away from parents and ends up working part-time saying mainly "Would you like fries with that?"
Joe has knees.... who knew?
the real question here is, why is Paperclip - One word?
They need to just get the technology out there for people to use. Early adopters and wealthy people will pay for these things. Getting it out there will get the word out, and they'll have more money for research. Trying to perfect a technology before letting it loose is the reason so many good ideas fail. Good enough for now should be a standard, then things can get incrementally better as time goes by. The other thing that will end up holding this technology back is the proprietary methods to make the stuff. Keeping these secrets only holds us back as a civilization. It's one thing to keep a recipe for a soda a secret, but to keep something that is world changing a secret so you can make more money should be a crime.
Great to see some Australian ingenuity being used at the new battery tech
Omg, the puns. Love it.
The problem fast charging is the current capacity of the charging system, you won’t be able to charge at home without an expensive two stage system and the ability to quickly discharge will potentially create a huge electrical hazard in the event of an accident.
You should also compare in cm3 for the number of w/h
Well…..one of the co-founders of GMG just left the company so I’d say that’s a really bad sign.
Will this be able to power my "Ray Gun"? If not, why bother?
I hate to be that guy, but I'm starting to feel like there never was a football to be yanked out from in front of us.
Nice!
I am asking for the 3rd time here - When will there be an episode with NDB ? If there's a myth there then just break it or acknowledge and let us know why everyone seems to be so convinced about NDB (US) and Arkenlight (UK) ?
What I really want to see in my lifetime is technology mimicking biology. There are a ton of interesting interactions in biology that we simply can't compete with. Imagine if we had batteries that used synthesized fatty acids and converted them to ATP as a way of storing energy (There are issues with that, especially if we're trying to limit C02 Production) but there are tons of other natural systems that do things in a significantly more efficient way then our technology.
The title 🤣🤣🤣
That gifted kid had adhd Joe..... I feel attacked. lmao - kidding on the attacked.
1:24 dang, I have to give you that one Joe, you got me.
You've no idea what I'd give to be mid-tier at almost anything
Nice legs Joe ! Hahaha
i used to believe tesla would come out with the next level battery, but it seems they are like any other company, full of hot air and only ever care about money. So here's to hoping GMG can crack that nut!
Every pun of this video is hit us hard, auch
Joe, more info, less cutesy. Thanks.
The electrons in 2170’s experience 625 times more resistance when discharged than the electrons in 4680’s.  Pack density is already way better than whatever batteries you have in mind.
Okay, if they can make graphene out of our farts I don't see an issue. Why is this expensive?
The thing I'm curious about is what will be the unintended pollutant or eco-disaster this will cause.  Every time we've found a new wonder material and put it to use,  we haven't seen the consequences until  years or generations after widespread adoption of it.
I love how I can watch your videos and learn something but also laugh!
Why I was hoping you having those dad sandals 🩴😅
Very interesting and informative. I'm curious why you focused on lithium ion over lithium iron phosphate batteries, which are already replacing them in many items?
Graphene can make Space elevator possible??
Ah! So much is made of potential of graphing batteries 🔋, because it is a material science that is a game changer.   So, people keep investing in it. 💵  One of these days a company's going to hit it big time, and the investors are going to get rich. 💰
Cross sectional area for conductors = electron flow capacity. Electrons "don't" flow on the surface area of a conductor. Capacitors operate differently and surface area is critical. Love ya Joe
Joe Graphene??????
This channel is SO MUCH BETTER than 'Answers with Schmoe'.
You are top-tier by a long shot though.
My phone charges from 10 to 90 in 30 mins. Without even getting hot! Lots of power 120hz screen and I still get a full day of battery.
Never stop the puns.
This man should run for governor! I'm convinced he's the smartest person in Texas (that's not already a professor). There's a new 3d type of graphene that's much better then graphene. I would like to just experience graphene. They have been saying next year for 8 yrs.  It's like fusion energy.. always 10yrs away. Please explain how silver isn't being discussed in batteries.. its the most conductive metal on the planet.. silver silicon oxide should be in a cathode (or is it anode?)..
For these jokes you have I think a golf clap or quiet "boooo" would help hahaha :P  Thanks for the great videos.
I think you need to put the pace of technology and development into context.  How long did it take humans to discover, develop and bring into widespread use things like iron/steel, or plastic for that matter?  These things take time to understand, develop and, most importantly figure out how to produce at scale.  At one point, aluminum was one of the most expensive refined metals out there, because it was so difficult to produce...today, we toss them out after drinking a coke from a can of the stuff.  Graphine is going to be like that...it's going to be years or more likely decades until it's really ready for wide-scale use and becomes ubiquitous.  Today, it's in very vertical products and its potential is still being worked out, as well as how to produce in quantity (and at better quality).
Thanks Joe
If it were not this channel I'd not clicked.  This kind of content is mostly a click bait
I like the intro, more field days for Joe!
It would be a game changer for the world. Seriously. Especially for large scale power storage. I'm assuming that their graphene tech is solid state, meaning it's probably (most likely) a lot less vulnerable to degradation unlike most (if not all) chemical reaction based batteries. Maybe, finally, instead of waiting for rain to come to the colorado river, maybe we finally have the power to actually build pumps to get water up there in case the weather doesn't want to comply.
Antibiotics to vulcanized rubber - many life changing discovery happened by accident and careful observations - we need to setup laboratory which by design creates little "accidents" to Crack this battery problem once for all
you stopped one pun to late.
How much of the high price of graphene is just the fact that the demand isn’t sufficient to achieve economies of scale?
Today I learned that Joe is not above making an entire video in order to educate his audience just enough to make a pun months later
My favorite videos of yours were always the ones about energy and with this one you knocked it off the park.
4:30 Hit real close to home... minus the mid tier content creator.#IAMGRAPHENE
lol turned up to 11. decent.
Bosch is a tool manufacturer as much as The Boring Comapny is a flamethrower producer. It's a tiny part of their massive business, they are a huge automotive supplier. Actually just checked and on their 2017 results tools aren't event listed and included in "consumer goods & others" which was 4.5% of their result 😅
You're no Matt Ferrell....chill with the puns.. lol jk.
Officially need "I am Graphene" Merch... can only purchase with verified age > 30
did they mention how many charge cycles these batteries can have before they start to wear out and lose performance?
Artisanal mines is my new favorite.
Craig Nicol looks like he is related to Jack
Re: the graphene quality issue.  How many variables could there be in the graphene quality argument? I mean, if graphene is a 1 atom thick matrix of carbon atoms... It doesn't seem like there's much variation in the make-up that could affect 'quality'.  Curious.
That word, "could" is the limiting word on every battery formulation. "Could" will never migrate to "is".
Hopefully this happens
joe, would a water sotrage be a good option for baterry? For houses I mean, like really small scale
Joe? You are outside. OUTSIDE, JOE! Everything OK?? EDIT: Oh, thank goodness! You made it back inside!
Love evs
I'm holding out for that space elevator too 😎
Graphene batteries!👍👍 Quicker charge and no fire.
Maybe 10% of litium Ion get recycled but it seems near 100% of Nissan Leaf batteries do so they are a impossible to buy used in the USA.......they all seem to be going to diy solar setups
*A CHINESE EV MANUFACTURER* has a car on the market with a graphene battery - I saw a guy testing it last week.
Dear Joe,   Yes, you are Graphene.  And like Graphene, your star is just beginning to rise.  i love you.  God bless you !:-) 💜🙏⚡️
Sweet!
I so think there is just a lack of investment or something.  Also I was that gifted kid, never had the help due to the system aka no money.
I wouldn't recommend eating graphene. CNMs can be highly toxic.
Tomorrow's Build channel did an interesting video on how graphene is starting to change the construction industry. was about 9 ish  months ago. I think. If you need to feel a bit better about graphene use.. check it out Joe.
Alas. I wish I was in my 40s....
"This is a paperclip 📎" Dear God...
I liked that joke
I'm still waiting for the Flux Capacitor to come back from the future! Doc Brown is so selfish
Graphene will save the world, just like high temperature fusion, it's only 10-20 years away.
Ah,Joe? The wikipedia entry for "supercapacitor" essentially says that the terms "supercapacitor" and "ultracapacitor" are synonymous and are used interchangeably.
Got called out ... Not even  5 Minutes in...I know I'm depressed don't gotta tell me how much of a failure I am
Americans measure in anything but the metric system, confirmed once again. What the hell kind of a stupid measurement is a tennis court?! Square metres, man!  Okay, it's given later in the video, thankfully. But this almost turned me off watching the rest of it.
Don't feel bad, Scott!  I was that kid too, and I'm not even a mid-tier you tube creator.
I was tantalized by the tiny clip from your French New Wave movie "Je suis graphène". C'mon Joe, when can we expect to see this cinematic masterpiece?!?
Yet another lab proof of concept. Next.
I believe the ultra capacitors are turned up to eleventy-nine.
I remember my science teacher freaking the hell out when a 1 farad capacitor was first made in the early 80's. "What the hell's it made of ?" He said.  Now thanks to Graphene, 3000 farad capacitors are a reality 😨
Si....
what a fresh recommendation
That insert at 8:08 of this video. What's up with her skin colour??! She's a zombie!
Flash Graphene! Drink!  Flash Graphene is better suited for construction materials, rather than electronics, as far as I understand.
We stand with you Joe, WE are graphene.
If Rio Tinto have anything to do with it they’ll find a way to screw it up.
Love joe Scott
How much did lithium cost in the early days? On par with graphene?
dont worry.. i am graphene too...
4:15 dude, i like your content but no need to attack me personally like that bro!
I don't think this particular company will make an impact. The way they are being secretive about their technology makes me think there are some significant problems with it, which they are still trying to solve.
9:29 hehehehehe... you said "stiffy"!
Anode you'd drop your worst puns, I was positive.  But you got through that phase and rectified yourself with your report on the current state of the tech. Am I a contender?
Holy dad jokes Batman! 😂😂😂
Hey you are NOT mid-tier Joe! You're much worse than that
12:25 not very surprising seeing as how many mines Rio Tinto operates in Australia and the number of people it employs 😅
kid with potential....never had the financial or other support....had to pull themselves up by their own bootstraps...and had no boots!!!!
Yeah ... the problem with graphene batteries is not the batteries, its the graphene. We still dont have a good process for making them.
4:35 Sup Graphene, i'm Dad.
Thank you for this month's "battery changing breakthrough technology". I promise to hold my breath until the first battery using this technology comes off the production line.
Probably five more years
Meanwhile, we have become graphene oxide batteries ourselves. Most of us.
Stop.  Just stop 🤣🤣🤣
Remember when cold fusion was the “science”. I’ve lived long enough to know no one knows what they talking about. Including me.
Professor Dave did a few videos on James Tour. Might want to check those out.
Good enough pun killed me. XD
....so...."GrAlion" batteries? ......lol i was just making a joke, because it would sound like "gallon" when said aloud, but it actually would be a Gr-Al-ion battery....
No clip of exploding phone batteries ? Boooo ! ☹️
LETS GOOOOOOOOOO JOE
Don't forget, just like graphene Joe, you still have potential. It doesn't matter when you tap into that potential, just that you do. And I think this YouTube channel is a great platform to get out science based material and delivers it in a way that is understandable. Thanks for sharing your potential!
We are in the internet age, we want everything now. My non-scientific brain thinks graphene can and will reach its' potential, but who knows how long it will take. Great video, always looking to learn about new and emerging battery technology.
These degrading li-ion batteries being literally glued between 2 pieces glass is the worst thing about phones.
The comedy gold coming from this man this episode!
Want half the charge in your smartphone? We can do that for 10 times the price!
Yup, the element is called Unobtainium, because humanity will never find it and if we do, we'll most likely blow ourselves up trying to control it. Welcome to the human experience!
Similar to cold fusion.   Maybe some day.
Why do I have the urge to put a paperclip into a power socket after seeing this video?
This would work great on an electric bus, wouldn't need to think about trolley buses you could just have it recharge at every major stop, then maybe, along with improving rail infrastructure and portable light weight solutions like e-scooters and e-bikes, we could eliminate the need for cars almost entirely, which is by far the best solution to making our lives greener and our cities more livable, especially for those who cannot afford to invest in expensive, space wasting cars.
turned off the videoafter liion joke.
Super fast charging for phones and laptops is awesome, but for cars it's near impossible since we don't have infinite power grid capacity. I'm waiting for ~800Wh/kg battery for my phone. Fingers crossed.
Nice new format, I like it! Atleast in the beginning, I thought it was gonna be the whole episode! I think you should try it out
Off ur game? Didn't throw Musk under the bus today. Wat gives? J/k Save the "fascist" description for those who actually deserve it. Musk isn't perfect, but he's heading down the right path. Come with.
Grapheme = fusion energy.
Those puns. "ENOUGH FROM THE CLOWN!" - The Dark Knight.
I saw recently about using something else to replace carbon as the base element... Thanks for sharing!
Joe, you were a "special" kid, not a "gifted" kid.
I’m a simple man, when I see a Joe Scott video, I watch it.  When Joe throws in dad jokes at the beginning, I pause the video and give it a thumbs up 👍.   In all serious, I 👍 all of your videos Joe!
came for the science, subscribed for the puns. thank you.
I Know that its hard to be optimistic these days but seeing our best and brightest Keeping our creativity makes me keep exited if only a little.
Joe, can you do a video on Plasma Kinetics: Solid State Hydrogen Storage?
You might have tickled Matt Ferrell with your puns
Thanks for sharing. We can only hope that graphene becomes cheaper.  Also, the puns are okay, but I was annoyed by the constant "I'll stop" and things like that. Too much time was wasted on it.
It's really nice to see new battery technologies popping out and going into practical production but it's unreasonable to expect that any such new technology will take less than about 10 years to get to its lowest cost mass production phase and settle in the market. Likely it will be way more.
Oh no. Another battery episode. No offense Joe. This is one of my top five channels. And I'm going to watch this regardless. But I don't share your enthusiasm for batteries.
The phone age.  That is not bad.  I think you hit on something.  I'm using it
Comedy is getting better Joe! Loved the graphene cam
It ain't about how hard you can hit. Its about how hard you can get hit... and keep. Moving. FORWARD!
I was still in highschool when everyone was hyped about graphene battery technology. I have a job, a wife and a kid now.. I'll probably be a grandpa before we see this technology in consumer devices
I believe quick charging batteries are the last major hurdle to a direct replacement of fuel-burning cars with EVs.  They are now fully usable cars except for the long charging process.   If we can drive 400 miles in an EV, stop at a charge station anywhere for 10 minutes, and be back on the road for another 400 miles, we've conquered the problem.
I want graphene batteries for my gameboy
Thanks again Joe! Great video! There are some interesting things going on with sulfur anode and silicon separators that are worth looking into. They may allow for fast charging and high energy density.
I rarely comment however when I do, it is because I enjoyed the content. Honestly, the best part, that provided light to my morning, was the puns and dad jokes. I don't know why but this video would not be as successful without it. Thank you for all that you do! <3 Edited for those offended by my statement earlier, apparently poorly written.
Whatever the next big thing is, I'm excited. There's so many advancements and cool things being worked on, you can't help but be excited.
my smartphone charges in about 40 minutes, what are you, poor? ^_^° also: what about battery-durability? i mean normal batteries degrade after some time and get empty faster, does this apply to graphene batteries too?
Is this the clickbait that you were hesitating to use?
Musk fanboys are the worst type of people 😒
"Tool manufacturer" is really selling Bosch short. For one, they also make kitchen appliances and washing machines. Semiconductors (mostly power, automotive, and sensors like e.g. gyroscopes), industrial appliances (hydraulics and stuff), things for buildings (heat pumps etc,, alarms). They're the world's biggest car parts supplier and last, but not least, already have a battery subsidiary, selling to Fiat, Daimler, and BMW.
nice fence
❤️
3:53, "football you can't kick" but that's a rugby ball, a football is spherical
For all your bad puns, you're still not as cringey as the Undecided guy.
I'm ready to have borophene start replacing the disappointment of graphene for me, personally.
I think graphine and fusion technologies go hand in hand.
Keep those puns coming!! 🤣🤣
The biggest thing about this is that carbon and aluminium are not going to be bottlenecks any time soon, unlike lithium, which we will run short of fairly soon. This is expensive because it is hard, not because there is a fundamental limit, meaning the price can go down absurdly low.
Oh jeez, James Tour the evolution denier. https://youtu.be/SixyZ7DkSjA
Quality graphene is not so much about purity as it is sheet size. Most 'graphene' is really graphene oxide. Not really sheets, but tiny imperfect particles... essentially the CFLs to LED lights of graphene, an interesting stopgap to the real technology. There all kinds of game chaning batteries, but 99.9% have a critical flaw, like low cycles, issues with the anodes, dendrites, production cost or material scarcity. I am so tired about hearing about graphene batteries that are not really graphene. Also... nice Goodenough pun.
Obviously all this will be made out of date once we can make 'em out of unobtanium.
Dr.....(evil) ...very funny!! AND interesting...👌🏻😎
Interesting subject, i'm sure that Robert Llewellyn would be interested in this episode , btw...this video should have been on Curiosity Stream, Homemade Documentaries...The Voyagers :    https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M62kajY-ln0    this is an excellent watch .
"Li-ion share of the market" joke got me to actually laugh out loud
Psstt you didnt hear it from me Joe but most of us former gifted children that didn't live up to our "potential" are just on the autism spectrum and/or adhd that were taught to mask just enough to get through school. Then we get burnt out or simply dont have our needs met enough by society to truly meet our potential later on.
Currently we don't need a new betterer battery technology to appear, we need to scale production of current proven batteries to the huge scale exponentially.  We can not wait another decade to come up and iron out new wonder batteries, we simply don't have time for that. Lithium is here to stay and it's already good enough. We must focus on scaling production.
I feel so part of the team because I totally got the "Goodenough" pun. Yay me!!
Why does Craig Nicol look like a AI generated face?
At this point charging speed isn't a major concern, neither energy density. At least for cars. The real bottlenecks are cost and scale. Fortunately scale tends to take car of cost too, so it's mostly just scale. Which is mostly limited by mining. Cobalt is no longer an issue. Currently it's nickel and soon lithium. Nickel can be replaced, at the cost of lower energy density. And lithium isn't really rare, it's just hard to extract. But technology is advancing fast, and new mines are opening rapidly. And li-ion is getting better still in all areas.  So we don't actually need anything radically new. It would be nice of course, but not necessary.
immagine, takin CO2 out of the air with carbon capture and sending it directly to graphene manufacturing ion the same place.
Joe look into American Manganese and their current lithium ion battery recycling endeavor. They have come up with a "green" recycling method with up to a 100% reclamation of materials. Still waiting to see where their costs will be and if they will be able to make it cheaper to recycle rather than creating new. *fingers crossed
The "dad jokes" ... 😂 The problem of capacitors is not so much density as it is leakage. (home battery and net stabilizing batteries don't care about volume)
Been flying fake graphene batteries for years, they work great, but I can't wait for the real stuff 🤪
How about an energy storage system based on sodium chloride? That would be "a salt in the battery."
2:32 - Aaaaaaah..... I'm saving the planet one child slave at a time 😊😊😊
Will Graphene be the new plastic?   Everything will be made from it, we're not good at destroying or recycling it.   Welcome to 1908 and the age of science - Introducing ... PLASTIC!  What could possibly go wrong?  /s
"You might say they've got the Li-Ion's share of the market" 😀 love that sh't eating grin. All great puns require such a face
Graphene is like fusion, we are always just a few years from getting it.
Are these Goodenough for replacing jet fuel?
Everything in life comes with a fine print either they don't want you to see it or they think you're stupid enough not to read it. Always look for the fine print or any catch with anything in life.
I have 10 KWh's of lithium for home power ($1800) and 7 KWh's for my golf cart ($1300) plus 900 watts of solar ($1100). You know, in case civilization collapses.  So, problems with the video. You waited until NOW to tell us not to stick a paper clip into a receptacle. And yet another Youtuber telling me about nifty things that will happen after I'm dead. What if you don't need to take a leak while you are charging your laptop? And finally, yet ANOTHER perfect battery that is manufactured out of unicorn testicles. ($1,000,000).
so much filler, I fell asleep. did I  miss anything?
Those puns were awful but,  I mean, I don't want to come across as negative...
Will it be a game changer or a football yank? False dichotomy. It can be both. How much energy does it take to make the graphene, mine and refine the aluminum, and manufacture and deliver the battery, vs. how much energy it stores over the lifetime of the battery? What is the Energy Return on Energy Invested? That's really the only ratio that matters (and is why Hydrogen is NOT a fuel). If you don't have a sufficient ratio (right now oil is at around 20:1, down from about 100:1 back in the 1920s) it doesn't matter. A low or negative ratio is like chopping off your appendages for dinner. Sure, you'll eat today, but not for very long.
I found the jokes 'shocking'
The new Tesla packs the cooling is done through one of the plates the batteries connect to, with the batteries bound in resin. A structural pack, so that current cutting edge density might be higher than you think.  Fast charging can only be done at the top speed of the network supporting it. And the network can only support a maximum amount. A super fast capacitor filling station would itself need to have graphene capacitor banks to act as the storage tanks, similar to a petrol station's tank storage.  Plastic powered rockets....UK has an interesting take on getting rid of trash :P
When you said that graphene was that gifted kid, I started feeling sad about myself until you made the self-deprecating joke. Much appreciated, Joe.
I simply don't get excited about these things. They are far off promises to the point they're empty. What's going to happen? A cheaper better battery will be made and introduced at current cost?
Aluminium****
what do you mean when you pause for a moment and say " yeah i know"
Dude stop with the punns already 😭😭😭
I read all the comments. What? Absolutely NO ONE made the connection I did? 😳😯🤯
Bosh is not tool manufacturer but auto parts maker.
Still no music huh
When do we get new battery tech for drones? 5lb lipos and 15 minute flight times are whack.
I'm with you Joe.... I keep hoping for that Space Elevator! Talk about world changing!!
Ah yes, graphene: the magical wonder substance that can do ANYTHING _except leave a laboratory environment._
Lmao that "I am graphene" cam... just a bit too relatable
Is that deathstar a accurate model? The concave laser area seems small and too close to the equator
how many tennis courts is that in football fields?
Most of my favorite videos you have made all deal with batteries. Every time I click on them I hope "this is the one" haha.
That opening sentenc3, is fractally fucking wrong, its borderline painful to hear.  Conduction of electricity via electrons DOESN'T depend on surface of the conductor, it depends on the cross section (aka. on volume)  Hence why single stranded copper cables are able to carry electricity.
Place your bets folks! Will we get cheap graphene batteries or nuclear fusion first!
Mid tier in your way to Top tier :)
Click bait title!!! Lol. Change everything!!!
Yeah..... #IAmGraphene is def my hashtag for the year...
You know what they should do? Offer a supercharger smartphone for the rich, they don't care about paying 5k in a phone if that means they would never run out of battery, and even if they do, they can charge it within seconds. Then use the money and the experience to found research to make it cheaper to produce.
Anyone else think the saturation looks weird on this video?
There's going to be a joke about graphene just like fusion reactors a 30 years away but it's actually going to be a hundred years away. 😒
can we agree to not call them artisenal mines? let's be real, they're blood mines
Graphene batteries might take a few more years but I hear about sodium ion batteries yeah they're Greener and they can regulate their heat better and sodium is more abundant than lithium. Plus it's easier to recycle sodium ion batteries for new ones and cheaper ones. It could be possible but we have to see and find out if it is possible to recycle  sodium ion batteries.
You’re great, Joe. Just great. 🥰
Pair this with wireless charging
Blade batteries from BYD are interesting and surprisingly safe.
good to see you outside!
Okay maybe so. But how many times have we seen the "finally a battery that changes everything" schtick repeated? Cold fusion? Fuel cells, hydrogen economy, healthy chemical additives, pain killers, okay this list is too long I'm bailing
remember kids electrons don't flow like water they jiggle in spot.
Great video! Love the discussion and analysis. Cheers from a scientist in their 50...<<cue sad music>>  :)
phones don't have advanced cooling systems so getting in range of 60-70% of Li-ion density is not enough, especially that no matter what you do phone-sized phone just can't go on even a single day on battery
It's not the Stone age it's the phone age that's cringe even though it's original just stop with the puns they're not good. 👎🗑️💩
Only 1 minute in, how many football fields is that?
Mid-tier content creator.  Nice!
Please tell me : what is the sad "I am graphene cam " music ?
Graphene batteries will make commercial use of robots possible.
7:15 wait, aren't you confusing the battery chemistry with the form factor aka the way the battery is put together?  As in, you can theoretically build a 4680 battery cell with graphene, not Lithium and it would be a win-win, no?
Graphene and fusion will save you, eventually. Likely not before a group of Christian zealots seize control of nuclear weapons and bathe the world in fire to make Jesus come back. But human civilization 2.0 will be fine.
Joe you are so cool.  I like nerds and you seem very smart.   you're also not hard to look at.   saludos desde Costa Rica :)  I have followed you for a good while, and as another note, you've evolutioned and become more funny and cool, that that you weren't before.  sorry I don't know what I'm trying to say
this "sounds wondeful" but what do we do with all the batteries we have now that will polute millions!!
PMSL.
That's twice now you haven't mentioned Cobakt is used in the process of refining crude oil.  THUMBS DOWN!!!
I hate puns especially the cliche and predictable ones but if you come up with our original one which is hard it will be okay and acceptable.
So ~now~  we turn everything into paperclips?
Li-Si batteries, lyten
$1000 per KG for something you only need 1 atom thickness of sounds like a fecking bargain!!
HOORAY to the dad jokes! 😄❤
I recommend Vertasiums recent video showing how electricity actually "flows" counter to popular belief.
Sadly Graphene dose not have the sheer strength for a space elevator. It's quite brittle.
Just came here to dislike his video
Note from the Pedantic Police: "More than 11" is 'Lebenty-Leben...at least, that's what Goofy's friend wrote on his moonshine/dead skunk (?) sign in the Mickey Mouse comic I read 45 years ago (is that weird I'd remember something like that from my childhood? Discuss in the Comments below)...  ;~ ]
Sure, be excited ... and wait 5 years. ;)
Joe = went on vacation to pun land, and return ticket was cancelled...👍🤣
Always a great review of the technology. Thanks man!
I mean, there's still this wonder material Germanium, which can be made in hexagonal shapes (hexagonal SiGe) to emit light - directly inside a chip, allowing for laser emitting chips for communication or do calculations with light. SiGe can also be used to create bipolar transistors ... so I guess we could make tri-state processors with them or reduce the size of the current processors.  And also Germanium is much "faster" than silicone based chips, as the electrons flow a lot faster through the material, and thus you can archive more clock cycles.
Joe cracks me up!
THE WHITE WALKER is on the Tennis Court!!! Those Legs, my Brother... man.
Joe, I've been using a graphine thermal pad for my CPU for a few years now, and it's awesome. I don't have to clean up any thermal compound when swapping out my CPU's or coolers.
Why didn't you look up the % of recycling of the LI batteries todaY for us? DING! C-
The problem with gifted kids is that they are neurotypically different and have different strengths and weaknesses. Society looks at these gifted kids and purposely handicaps them because it's like crab mentality seeing that these kids have the potential, they bring them down. And so they become lazy.  With graphene tho, it's just like a really hard problem of mass production.
That is a paperclip.
I do hope that this or something similar will come to pass. We badly need some advances in technology to make things more renewable and eco friendly. Thank god for all the smart people putting in this work. If it was up to people like me, we would still be rubbing sticks together, lol.
Joe, we come for the fun informative material. But, we stay for the puns.
I'd just like to point out that "artisinal mining" is the propaganda term used to sanitise slavery and death.
Excellent content as always.
Enough with the puns.  Leave the humor to the professionals.  Really?!?   Oh, sorry that wasn't to you Joe, these are just things my kids say to me regularly.  Please, carry on. :)  Love your channel(s)!
I"m so old you jokes crack me up.  Nice vid dude!
every 0,5 year its news about Graphene that it will change everything, still there is no change.
If you want to make a thin 1 atom thick graphene sheet a gas makes sense
James Tour?  For real?  I understand he's supposed to be pretty good at synthetic chemistry, but he's absolutely famous for being notoriously intellectually dishonest.  So disappointed you'd even spread the name of someone who's completely toxic to scientific discourse.
4:20 oddly where i'm from we call those gifted kids Dead Batteries
That "Li-ion" joke was very good. Roaring good show.
A university professor from the future: During humanities phone age "proceeds to explain the current Ukrainian war" lol
Your puns are good as they get sometimes funny but also cringe if you're looking for a cringe humor accolades. 🫳
They'll have batteries that are better than li-ion at the same time we can charge them with fusion power.
Well, it would be great if I could charge my electric car in 3 minutes. But damn, that charging cable would need to be massive.
FUCKING ELECTRICAL AIRPLANE LES GOOO!!!
Your missing something why stop like gas for a charge? You could drive over a charging part of the road like wireless charging
I hope it works
No, all your puns are making me want to unsubscribe...
0:11 , ssshhhh!  Don't say that too loud.  Derek Muller might hear you and make another video on that.
What is predicted lifespan of such battery ? Or have I missed it and it's in the vid ?
I just want to take a moment to say that I appreciate the background music. It's subtle and it makes the whole video that much more enjoyable
Really liked that intro,  Would be cool for Joe to get outside more often!   Keep up the great work Joe!
The other super materials we discovered: plastics, CFCs, Tetra Ethyl Lead...
Battery puns really charge me up
cant wait to plug in my phone and then unplug it within a minute
Perhaps I'm in a bad mood, but your jokes and puns are garbage bro.
6:26 12 - no need to thank me
Okay, so, before we pull an asbestos on our ass's again, has anyone checked to see how this is going to affect the environment and how it's going to play with our lungs in case it gets "dustified" ?
Oh almost forgot about graphene and the revolution it was supposed to be.
11:12 "Flash graphene is one of the purest graphene forms you can get."  --  That almost sounds like a misdirection.  Purity and quality aren't exactly the same thing.  Graphite and diamonds are PURE in the same way graphene is pure, but they don't share the same QUALITIES that are needed for that application.  Can flash graphene be produced to be free of defects AND in size dimensions required?
Literally just watched a video about this and assumed it was just another 'breakthrough' that everyone will forget about in a week.  If you're covering it then I have slightly more confidence, but I'll believe it when I see it. Battery tech and nuclear power are always close to breakthroughs that never seem to come.
Anode you were going to make all those puns...
Aluminum is going to become very expensive..
You know, I saw a project with ultra capacitors that I want to make for years... But they're a heck expensive! 😕 Let's see what happens. But I like the news!
Joe's joke delivery is just soooo bad! It's worse than mine. Maybe that's why I like the little snarky weasel. I like you, Joe, please put up with my insults and off-hand comments. Keep on making your videos. You're like the brother I never had. (Wait a minute, I have a brother...)
10:50 You should probably search "James Tour, Processor Dave" before mentioning him.
I don’t understand why everyone is focused on battery technology when we burn fossil fuels to charge the stupid battery.    I don’t think anyone is smart.  Everyone is dumber than the last generation.   And by the way there is scientific evidence that backs this up.   Do a video on that.
I enjoy these advancements, but I'm frustrated that I can't quite help make these advancements in battery tech rn
James Tour? Interesting, he's a creationist who spends a lot of time shitting on abiogenesis research. I really hope here he actually knows what he's talking about. Because he may know synthetic chemistry, but not Organic Chemistry.
I think Derek from veritasium might disagree with you on the definition of electricity and how it flows
Joe, I don't know how you do it, but you make leaening about battery types interesting. You're doing great!
Two guys from my school knew there was a kind of shutdown switch for the science classrooms, so they put paper clips into the top and bottom of the sockets and then flipped the switch, making them all explode at once. Joe's just reminded me of that 🤣
I heart you, Joe! I’ve watched you for years!
Materials Science is changing the world as we know it. You have to make silicone semiconductor wafers from raw silicone too; graphene is no different.
OMG I'm the 46th? Aaa anyhow... love your work!!!
Best part of Mondays? New video from Joe!!
Never apologise for PUNS !!   Just because some wont get you JOE-ks
Have you ever done, or would you ever do a Ted talk
The situation with this kind of "inventions" is the same as for the wheel, or the steam engine. We never invented the wheel, the concept had been out there for tens of thousands of years, it just wasn't within our grasp to produce them. Then we could produce them, but it wasn't practical. Once technology caught up, such as the ability to build proper metal shafts, wheels showed up everywhere. The same happened with the steam engine, we knew the power of steam, we couldn't build machines strong enough nor precise enough to make use of it, until we did.   We know all we could do if we could knead the fabric of the universe, if we could create molecular machines. We can't. Every invention that requires large amounts of materials that are perfectly designed down to each atom is still a long ways away, because manufacturing simply isn't there yet.
Great editing in the intro!
Careful Joe. You won't want to end up in one of Thunderf00t 's videos.
I keep hearing that most cobalt is used refining diesel.
this video tickled me, thanks Joe. I love dad jokes and puns.
But the real question is 'Did you amuse YOURSELF with all those awful puns?' If the answer is yes, it was alllll worth it.
"Paperclip weighs about one gram each." No, do it right.
Graphene: So much potential, nothing "Current"... How did this get missed?
Oh boy, here we go again
I don't even care about the majority of subjects he speaks about. He's still a pretty interesting guy to listen to though.
the smirk at 3:15 is gold
Has the camera quality gone way better?
Wow.  The video feels like we got to go on a  field trip (the tennis court).
Neat
YESSSSS
oh god I'm graphene
I'm scared, why are we outside
Lol and the trend of random Murican measurement units continues with: tennis courts 😁 How many US citizens have actually seen a tennis court, in all honestly..?
Somewhere on the internet, Ian Crossland is foaming at the mouth! 😂
Sorry Joe, Matt Ferrell just has better puns
Damit 100s of comments within minute 😬😬
cool and all but I'll not buy into any hype until the technology has proven itself in every day circumstances
Ian Crossland is somewhere smiling.
Love your stuff! Sadly I haven’t seen it pop on my feed In years!
noice
Yay
I am sold, we need this battery now!
First time im hearing about this space elevator
Those puns are Legen… and I hope your not lactose intolerant because the second half of that word is… dairy! Legendary! So much cheese 🧀
Capacitors seem better than relying on chemical reactions and have come a long way. Like all the promising new battery technologies, it will take years to catch up with the manufacturing scale of Li-ion. That's okay, because we will need multiple technologies to scale to the eventual global needs.
Oh Joe you are so punny; don't ever stop!  Love you for it as well as all that you bring to us!
