I believe that Google pixel 4A 5G and pixel 5G, are very cheap, compare to Iphone, Samsung, Huawei, etc, etc, etc. special on this difficult time of Covid 19 people losing their jobs. Google Pixel are offring good prices for this great phones with good camera but still nothing is perfect  at leas  GOOGLE PIXEL PHONES prices are base on the pandemic and economic situation a million people are facing around the world  right now. Thank you Google. Shame in Iphone, Samsung, Huawei etc, etc,etc just making money on top of people in the bad time. Thank Google.
At 7:00 minutes you finally talk about the Pixel 5. Horrible Pixel 5 video.
Wheres the pixel? What a waste. I will NEVER watch you again cos i detest liars..
I miss the days you spent as much time talking about the specifications of Android phones the way you do Apple now.  Seriously go watch your coverage of the Apple event vs this video of your coverage of Google, it's pretty disappointing.
I don't understand why Google makes phones so expensive. The pixel5 is very expensive more than 600 € ¡¡¡¡. Google should sell the cheapest mobiles since they get all the information from us that we give it to them without charging anything.
The speaker seems cool for $99
Glad I pre ordered mine all ready sold out in the Google store here 🙈
Why can't pixel have triple camera 😫
A question that I and so many others have that you could answer so easily...WHAT ANDROID PHONES, NEW OR USED, WOULD YOU BUY IF YOU HAD $350 TO SPEND
Is pixel 5 vs Samsung galaxy s10 plus
So.....Skip the Pixel 5 and get the 4a 5G. I just don’t see much of a difference.
Anyone else really dislike the fact that the camera is off-centre? Video calling people who are looking off to the side all the time is going to be so distracting.
Google Pixel 5: Shittier Than Expected?!
Actually virtually everything but the pixel it was a waste of friggin time
Horrible title... Came to watch about the Pixel and instead I had to go into the comments to find out its near the end.  Didn't expect this kind of click bait from Jaime Rrrrrrrrrivera.
I find the color options to be pretty shit honestly, the pea green is ugly to me. The hole punch being in the corner is also an ugly design to me.  Plus, combine that with them dropping the telephoto, tmobile not carrying it and them deciding to put the headphone jack on the a series but not the flagship, and I have zero interest in the pixel 5.  The only redeeming factor is that they bumped the storage to 128gb.
1.Processor Samsung S20 Fe SD 865  beats the midrange processor SD765 of the pixel 5.  2. Availability Samsung still beats the Pixel 5  3. Storage samsung has 128gb and 256gb and expandable storage while pixel 5 has only 128gb without expandable storage.  4.Camera Samsung has 3x zoom while pixel 5 has only ultra wide   5. Screen samsung has 120hz Amoled vs the OLED 90hz of google.  6. Samsung has 4500 mAh while pixel has 4080.  7. Samsung has DEX while pixel doesn't have dex.  Both support 3 yr .
Google Hardware is losing so much momentum which really is kind of sad to see... the only thing that made me excited out of this event was the Chromecast, it's about time the Chromecast finally got a proper UI and a remote. It's been frustrating that the only decent Android TV device until now has been the $150-$200 Shield TV.  I think Google has lost a lot of market share to Roku and Amazon because of their lack of UI and remote on their Chromecast.
😃👍🏻👊🏻
999 for 765g sorry but i will pass this one atleast 865 should have been there
Is this supposed to be a Pixel 5 review? most of the entire video was advertisement for other crap.
I think the Wing is a pretty cool design idea. I’m very happy it’s going into production and really hope developers give it some traction.
Dude that's a dope shirt 😎
Pocket now is using clickbaits now??
I think the 4a 5g is the better value. The Pixel 5 is over priced imo. The Samsung S20 FE has far better specs for the same price. Everything else is amazing. I'll be investing in the new speaker and the Google TV.
6 minutes into an 8 minute video to get to the title subject
3 minutes of advertising your crap instead of telling us about the Pixel 5 is good enough reason for me to unsubscribe
This guy spends more time pronouncing his name than on the phone lol
Nothing 😭
That Green Pixel 5 looks amazing.
Super excited to get my Pixel 5
Pixels would sell more if they were not 1 year behind expecially on the cameras, atleast for the first time the battery is actually big. NO telephoto come on Google 3 cameras.
For a first few times "$X shipped" sounded a lot weirder! Got a great deal of info watching the Video!
5 minutes in and he's still talking about things other than Pixel 5. Ugg...
jump to 6:06
Pixel 5 will be my next phone, nice specs and great looks finally it checks many boxes, for me at least.
If you’re here for pixel 5 go to 7:00
The problem is the price given by the company's are applicable only outside india. They make it flagship price for midranger in india
Google should stop expecting that people will pay that much price just because it's got a great camera. Nobody buys phones just because of the cameras. Samsung Galaxy S20 FE is going to slaughter this phone in the market.
Snapchat on Samsung  Hey all,  I recently purchased a Galaxy Note 20 Ultra (and saved like $1,000 in the process by trading in my iPhone 11 Pro). I remember when I was younger, lots of my friends with Androids had camera problems on Snapchat. Has that issue been fixed? Or will I simply not be redownloading Snapchat when I activate my Note?
it is all 5G's fault these prices are so up, a phone made of plastic fake aluminum and SD 765 which is a midrange chip is not worth 700$, it is weaker than the Pixel 4 and less premium.
No audio jack, no deal. Getting the Wing. Oh wati, whaaat?
Pixel sounds pretty good but not for me. The 4XL to me sounds a lot better and if Samsung would make a note 20 FE thats like the S20 FE, I'd definitely go for that one instead.
Google live stream was the most underwhelming event by far this year..
I'm very disappointed with the Pixel 5. Ihave a Pixel 2XL, best phone have ever owned. hesitated on the Pixel 4XL because no wide angle camera or 5G and so waited for the Pixel 5. No Active Edge No Face ID No front facing speakers No XL version Feels like a downgrade...there's no other android out there that can offer the pixel experience so it looks like I'm stuck another year with my 2XL. Not that it's a bad thing but I really wanted a wide angle lense and 5G:(
Wait... How can pixel 5 wireless and reverse charging while the phone body is aluminum?🤔
I pre-ordered the Pixel 5. How do I get the free Stadia?
How would this compare to a galaxy s10e overall? Would it be worth the upgrade?
he’s not even talking about the pixel lol
Could have been a good phone hadn't samsung launched s20fe
I feel like they should have some way to leave suggestions or state issues that users of those new styles phones have... As users of the phones, I feel like that would be the best to make the phones better... Users! :)
I feel at this point into the tech age, people are set on which company they're sticking with for their ecosystem of devices. Most people will knock whatever they're not familiar with, but until you operate a Pixel and use it as a daily driver for a week or so, you don't truly know how simple and clean the UI is while still running Android. From an ex Apple user, I've used Samsung UI, THAT's what I personally consider to be Android because it's not polished to my standards. Pixel is much worth jumping into any curiosity.
If I can connect the speakers to the Google TV dongle to create a surround sound system from my TV I'm sold. I would trade-in my Pixel 4 for the 5 because I like the finger print reader better than face ID. I'll wait for the reviews before I make any purchases because I've been let down by previous Google launch day purchases.
The most important thing with pixel 5 is it’s symmetrical design. Finally an Android phone with same size bezels all around. If I needed an Android phone, Pixel 5 would be the only choice.
Like the way lg wing and google pixel 5 and 4a 5g prices are coming around atleast we have something  significant going on in terms of pricing........good work.....
Compare it with s20 Fe edition
Why do you ask yourselves about the Pixel not being popular in sales, when it is available in what, 5 countries? :)))
All waste products for Indians.. India is such a big market for smart phones. And Google has failed in India. When Apple can manufacture iphones in India why can't Google. Pixel 4a launched long back still not launched in India... Looks like Google doesn't have good sales team...
That Pixel 5 is an amazing value.
1:19 my whole life changed with the help of, *p  a  i  d t o b e h o m e .c o m*
0:56 I quit my work thanks to, *p  a  i  d t o b e h o m e .c o m*
Full Pixel 5 leak with camera test on @TotallydubbedHD channel on YouTube
Feel like the pixel 5 is just a little more expensive pixel 4a. No point to buying a pixel 5 in my opinion.
The iPixels will *never* be as popular as they are in "the news". Because "the news" are deliberately made by tech bloggers with an agenda. It's the tech bloggers that have lied so much about Google's phones that they themselves started to believe they were good. They're not. And consumers know they're not. Which is why they don't buy them ;)
I have the samsung 10 plus but will never buy samsung again.  The updates are too slow.  Going to move to pixel next year.
Dawg already have d pixel (yes it real) https://youtu.be/VBiRaK3XB5Y
The only problem with pixel phones now is availability. How are they gonna compete when it's difficult to get hands on one?
Boring 😴
Question: Pixel 5 appear wet on a photo, so, IP rating?  Didn't hear you mention it.
Pixel 5 looking like something good 👍 FINALLY. Although I prefer the look of the 4 and 4XL.
So chromecast w google tv is really just Google's version of a ROKU?
I'm mad that I didn't just go ahead & order the Sky Blue Google TV Cast, since I was late watching the event. And no, I won't be settling for white.
Sony xperie 5 II is cooler.
Lol..128gb of storage in 2020 is a joke.
Jaime you wish the Pixels phones sell more, but how can that happen when pre-orders for Google Fi customers are already sold out.  And Verizon customers are in a waiting list. Shame on you Google....
If you came here for Pixel 5 news, skip right to 7:00 because he doesn't say anything about it until then (almost the very end).
did google outsource there entire google event😂
the iPad pro is just listed twice instead of listing the echo 4th gen
Midrange specs...
Is this gona be available in ksa pickle  ???
Omg no zoom on OnePlus...come on
pixel 5 looks great
they should have added an ultra wide but not killing the telephoto for it!
I always give credit to LG for trying to innovate, but just like their other innovations, they will flop. Or in this regard flip 🤣
Sage green!!!
I like the 4a 5g with that 3.5 jack..
Finally a phone from Google I'll buy.
Here in the UK, the Pixel 5 is starting at £599 while the Pixel 4a 5g at £499. Both will come with a free Bose QC35 II wireless headphone (worth around £230). I think Pixel 5 is an amazing deal given the difference is just £100 for premium features.
How can pixel 5 have wireless charging with an aluminum back? I thought that's not possible.
Pixel at 649$ would have made more sense and ahead of its competition - S20FE & upcoming iPhone Mini
Hey look the 5th pixel event and looks like the 5th round of pixel watch rumors were wrong again😭
Pocketnow you & me came a longg way.. I still remember when Taylor martin & Michael fisher were there & those good ol days of htc one v & nexus reviews & if you can then remember those htc touch diamond days.. Lol 😂 .. Ohhh my god.. Its refreshing to watch pocketnow & still see you are still there.. Good to see you buddy ❤️👏 loved pocketnow since day 1.👏
When will Google correct the mistake of not including an SD card slot probably never which means I will never get one.
Google-paid channel: "No one does leaks better than Google!" As though it is some great artform in consciously leaking info to PAID GOOGLE CHANNELS to hype up absolute dud phones which no one wants to buy! 💁🏻‍♂️
On paper, the Pixel 4 XL is an overall better device than the Pixel 5.
Finally gonna change from pixel 2 xl from pixel 5. A worthy comeback #teampixei <3
No pixel 5 xl
So does this mean even the pixel 3 XL will outperform the pixel 5?
Pixel News starts @6:16
How are you doing today hope your staying safe
In the UK the Pixel 4 is more expensive than the 5..
A Google Pixel 5 plus with 6.5" amoled display, snapdragon 865+ a better battery, o 3rd telephoto lens for 799€ and the same pixel 5 design it would be the best offer
699 I think is too much for a mid range pixel 5. I can get OnePlus for 699 with high specs and bigger screen. 699 might be good if there was a pixel 5 XL
👍
I want the wing but the price is high
World leaked pixel5 yet no one knew that they would be doing wireless charging with aluminium...hws that :D
Am i the only one happy with the 4a and not giving an arm and leg for a decent phone?
Sadly the S20 FE and 8T are going to be a better value than the Pixel 5
Google needs to do a better job promoting their phones!
How is the performance of this 765G vs 865 and other processors ?
Am I the only one who doesn't get the point/ benefit of the lg wing?
Just Pre-Ordered my Sorta Sage Pixel 5 and Google TV Chromecast with remote.  Went with Pixel 5 because of the IP68 rating and wireless charging, since I already have the Pixel Stand.  Really looking forward to the wide-angle lens, 4K video at 60fps with enhanced stabilization, portrait mode in Night Sight, screen sharing in Google Duo, the awesome "Hold For Me" feature and that 4,000 mAh battery!!  It's going to be an AWESOME phone!  Can't wait!  Also, a lot of people think the 765G is a let down vs the 865 chipset.  It's really not.  The only difference between the two (besides the incredible price difference) is that the 865 uses the new Gold Artex A-77 cores vs Gold Artex A-76 cores in the 765G, and the 865 has a slight increase in clock speed across the board.  The only place you will even notice this is when playing very high powered 3D gaming where the refresh rate may not be as smooth.  In every other way, you won't even notice a difference.  Also the 765G has a 5G modem included on the chip, whereas the 865 does not.  It requires the phone have a separate 5G modem.  This means the 765G will use less power for similar 5G performance and at a lower cost.
Hard to get excited about Pixel when the pre-sale sold out immediately and no date for return ....
I like the phones. But unfortunately...not available in the Philippines. If it is..... it's just too expensive
Expected more from the Pixel 5... Ill skip it and wait for Pixel 6 instead.
Preordered my Sage Pixel 5. Can’t wait. Pixel is back!!
Love the LG Wing! If it had a high refresh screen AND I didn't just buy the Note20 Ultra, I'd buy it, no doubt!
64gb Apple what you smoking 128gb definitely for all standards
I was very excited for the pixel 5, but at the price point, I think the s20 FE is a better deal, at least in the US.
Jaime Rivera is in the house , that's a click a like and appreciation !
I wish I had waited for the Pixel 5 bc of the reverse wireless charging but it is ok. I am alright with my Pixel 3A XL unactivated with my 128 GB Space Grey iPhone 8.📱📲😇🧑🏿‍🎤👨🏿‍🎤👼🏿
Pixel 5 still has too small of a screen. Make an XL and you'll have my attention.
I can't wait for the Pixel 5.
Saw the pixel 4a. Love the size of the phone, definitely looking forward to that pixel 5g model. Ya like that new color too!
I’ve always loved LG phones, like the KC550
Well I’ll be upgrading my Pixel 4 to a Pixel5. 700$ worth it. Now for iphone12
Ouff, still at 64 gb?   I suppose its SoC is gonna be its only advantage.  Good luck iPhone 12.   iPhone fanbois will still flock to it tho so I guess it will still have every other phone in that price bracket beat.
Mid-rangers in 2020 bring 128 GB of memory. How come new iphones have 64 GB? How can you record 4K videos at 120 FPS with that ridiculous amount of memory?
S20 FE 5G blows these two new phones out of the water it ain't even competition. It provides flagship-like features that are just 100$ more than 4a 5G but cost 100$ less than the 5 with more features and horsepower.   The only two reasons to go for pixels right now are stock android and gcam is of utmost importance to you. Otherwise, most people would be better off with the FE 5G.
Sd 765 for $499 & $699 🤯🤯🤯
I don't like pixel phones. I can't identify anything about a pixel phone that would encourage me to buy one. The looks alone turn me off.
Pre Ordered the Sorta Sage version yesterday! Can't wait to get it!
Is worth to upgrade from 3310?
hymaaae riverrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrraaaa
The Pixel 5 sounds to me like a 599.- device - sorry Google. (I owned a P2, P3 and P4 previously...)
Not gonna lie, the back of the 8T looks like the design of the cheap Samsung devices.
$700 for a a 765 SD lol
Priced way too high for a shit tier processor. Google puts in less effort on the Pixel every year.
Pixel phones will NEVER sell as much as they are pushed in every YT video,especially  when they try to sell a mid ranger in a flagship price.
I can’t understand why the decision was made to put a 6” display on the Pixel 5 and not the 6.2”? For $700 bucks I expected to have a larger screen. Dammit. I already have a 6.5” display, so that’s a downgrade.
When will be available here in the philippines?the nest audio?
Why make the 4a5g smaller than the 5? I have monster hands but love Pixel's. Been thinking of the Note 20 Ultra but I'm Currently still using the 2xl and it's working perfectly. 🤷‍♂️
I'm sad that the pixel 5 has a 6" screen ( this is small for Stadia and Youtube TV big users). It's good but not that good. And Gorilla glass 3.. Camera without zoom. Come on . It's been years I want to buy a Pixel and every time I buy something else
I love all these foldable dual screen new phones. I work with metal though. I doubt these phones are rugged enough to endure the daily grind.
Loved everything about the Google Event. I order the Pixel 5 & the Chromecast with Google TV. I already have speakers in every room of my house and a few extras laying around unopened (because Google likes to give free gifts) so I didn't buy the speaker, but it's nice.
That Pixel 5 😍😍😍 👌🏾
Xiaomi's Mi 10T Pro comes at 599 euros with SD865 with 144 Hz screen... so Pixel 5 ain't that competitive, camera notwithstanding...
Pixel 5 is pushing me to iOS. It’s a shame what they’ve done
No 1440 pixels display? No thanks 😏 This is just a med range phone with google mark on it.😏
Google-paid channel likes EVERYTHING about all mostly FORGETTABLE Google products devoid of any innovation or excitement! 🖕
And they still do not have Wifi 6 built in on their phone. 😭
“The annual machine king” will make more sense if you translate it back to Chinese. It basically means the “The phone of the year”
Seems that the 5g is the way to go, love the shirt. LOST THE LINK possible to get again. Thanks
The pixel 5 should have been packed with sd 865 or 865+, now it's not for everyone they left out people who care about flagship cpu.
How is $699 and $599 a sweet spot? Smh 🤦🏽‍♂️
I was shocked to not see anyone with reviews after the announcement. Usually MKBHD has had this phone for over a week...   I kept refreshing YouTube for reviews. Not sure I want to pre-order one before a few reviews have been published.
I was completely underwhelmed by everything announced by Google. And neither one of those Pixels appeals to me.
Pixel 5 Is a downgrade in some aspects compared to the 2XL, like chip, no neural core, no active edge, and even a worse display. It just doesn't add up. If I'm getting a new phone, I'd expect to be AT LEAST as good as the predecessor.
i need a oneplus phone with pixel camera,best combo ever in smartphone industry
I have never seen another human being using a one plus anything on the streets.  I swear I don’t think I’ve seen anything other than apple , Samsung, or pixels.
That sage color is really nice. The s20 fe is better for less money.... Gotta stick with Sammy this time around I guess. Sorry Google :(
Still turn between sticking with Android or trying Apple 😭😭
Man, that pixel 5 sounds very good. I just don't like how they didn't make the screen bigger :/
I really enjoy your delivery style and how clean and informative your news pieces are.  Glad the algorithm brought you to the top.   Now a subscriber!
Love how he describes the macro and portrait cameras on the oneplus 8T as 2 useless cameras. 😂😂😂😂😂😂🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
64gb in 2020 for the iphone 12? Are you serious?
Keep In mind the pixel 5 is about $100 usd equivalent cheaper everywhere aside from the US because it won't have mmwave
I’m an iPhone user but that Pixel 5 looks so cleannnn
Can you please repeat your name? 😂
Did I miss Pocketnow Daily yesterday? Well either way I am glad it is back today. I am all for the Pixel 5, wasn't there a report stating that there would be a white variant of it in the near future?
Definitely getting the Chromecast and I would pick the 4a 5G, the price different isn't worth it, same internal specs. Great show sir.
If I needed a phone I would consider lg wing. Love dual screen phones
If I could get my pixel 3 XL and put reverse wireless charging on it I would  for another 1 -2years not because of cost though
It would have been amazing if it came with a SD865. Cause at that price range, I think the majority would just pick up a Samsung S20 FE
People should appreciate that google puts their best camera even on their cheap products unlike other companies
90 or 120hz on either new pixels?
The pixel 5 is looking real real nice. Especially at that price. Give it a couple months and you'll probably be able to buy it for $500
Another year where google underwhelms... Bought HTC R&D and nothing really shows in their phones. These iteration upgrades with copied specs from other companies (telephoto lens... Self charging) is all novelty. And by the way can we PLEASE get a Google watch!??? Forget about nest speakers and pixel 4a 5gs give us something that we actually want!
I love everything that was announced today with Google but I am kind of sad there's no Pixel 5 XL just small I am going to have to get used to using a 6" display
Does anyone exept YouTubers gets excited about pixels? I couldnt care less about that device
BE HONEST WHO'S BEEN A FAN FOR A LONG TIME?  “¡ᴍ ɢɪ🄵T̶ɪɴɢ ᴇᴠᴇʀʏöꪀᴇ ᴡʜo ꒒ɪᴋᴇꇙ ᴀɴᴅ sᴜʙŞ ᴛᴏ ᴍᴇ”';]
Decent google products...just a little late to the game in my opinion. Most Android buyers have already jumped at the different new offerings brought to market in the last 10 months.
I see they don’t mention anywhere that they’ve downgraded to a HD display instead of QHD.
I really want the pixel 5 but I'm kinda hoping oneplus makes a smaller Nord.. 6inches seems like a great size for a phone. It is disappointing that there are $400 phones with the same chipset as the pixel though
8:13, mid range SOC on flagship,  what to like?
Google is going in the right direction?  Lol are you kidding?  Snapdragon 765g for 699? Ahahahah
I take that new lg phone to test out
Lg velvet is better then this pixel 5
OVERPRICED!
How are they doing wireless charging through the Aluminium body?.....
S20 FE
I'm more excited for the Pixel 6 given that the 775G (successor to the 765G) will be the largest leap in the midrange segment if rumors are true. It will have LPDDR5 RAM support, UFS 3.1 storage, be 6nm, and other flagship features from the 855 and 865 families. If this is Google's new direction...then I expect the 6 with the 775G to really be a great device.   I also see the 5a has two potential processor choices in the 732G and the 750G next year as well. This could work for Google.
Now the "Great Debate" is...... To buy the Pixel 5 or the Samsung S20 FE
Pixel 5 in Sage green looks great! I'm a little upset that there's no XL variant, but I also understand why. I have a Pixel 3 XL now, and I'll be holding onto to it for at least another few more months. I'm still perfectly happy with mine. I would definitely consider the Pixel 5 for myself though.
I can't get the pixel 5 until they bring back the panda
I cannot understand why they have to put those 2 megapixel macro and depth sensors, just so as to market it as quad cameras !
Just try to be to the point..  talk about all the useless junk before pixel 5🙄 never disappoint why stop watching pocket now year ago...
People are saying s20fe is competition it is not i think... look at pixel 5 its edge to edge front panel Samsung hasn’t done it yet Samsung and all other android phones have tiny bezel at bottom. This design is seemless and no one noticing. Important part is samsung has started doing ads in their software lol which is horrible unless you’re not bothered. All these chinese phone people are saying are better with their cartoonish software no security and full of ads OS look at miui
It might get more popular if they sell it in more than just 9 countries!
1:00 a $385 SHIT?!
I know this is Google day, buts lets talk about something else. 😂 😂
If only Google put the 865 processor in the pixel 5 it would be killer, im not paying $699 for a 765g processor when the Samsung Galaxy S20fe exists. Pixel 5 need to go on sale
The only thing I wish the pixel 5 had was a better display resolution. That was one feature that is overlooked but always a plus with pixel phones.
At $700 you can keep that Pixel 5. S20 FE better overall option and its already $100 off on amazon
Finally, finally a good price tag with ultrawide cam and wireless charging 👏🏻
Where did you get your t-shirt?
Its the first time I am excited about a Pixel device after the launch.
Jaime, just pull that 8T out of your pocket and let's get it over with.
worst most boring tech presentation
If only the 4A 5G costed 399 (same as OnePlus Nord)...
iPhone user but google pixels would be my only thought of changing software is the best camera awesome and who needs 120hz barely notice it or super fast chipsets unless you game and I don’t
I have pixel 4XL, Does the new  pixel 5 take  better pictures then my 4XL????
I'm getting the new Google Tv/Chromecast. Also, I'd like to get a Pixel5, but I got a Galaxy S10 last year, and I like to have phones for 2-3 years before switching.
I love the Pixel 5. Finally, some symmetrical top & bottom bezels (no chin).
clever how you built up the hype for pixel 5 and then discussed it at the end of the video 😂
I love the Google Chromecast and tv for The price I'm in
I don't need a new phone(just bought a Moto G power), the Google/Nest smart speakers in my home are still plenty good, I don't care about Stadia too much right now, but man that Google Chromecast in white(why they don't have a black one 🤦) is tempting at only $50 USD, as I need to upgrade my main ROKU anyways.
The Pixel 5 is what the 4 should’ve been. I like it, but do prefer a better processor.
nice shirt, you are the man of culture Mr.Rivera.
That’s great that pixel now has an ultra wide, but I’m not going to even attempt to switch back to the pixel line. I had a horrific time with quality control on my pixel 3, so that lead me to switch to iPhone. Both OS have their strong points, but so far no problems with my iPhone, it just works; since iOS 14 came out it’s a lot more user friendly too.
75mm is only 3 inches. Not very impressive imo.
Pixel 4 XL got discounted in Germany, bought it yesterday for 479 euros! Thats a fcking good deal compared to the $700 'mid range' pixel 5
I hope Apple doesn’t use mini. I’d rather them use “nano” if anything
The Pixel 5 is underwhelming. It cost's pretty much the same as the Samsung Galaxy S20 FE 5G which is a true flagship (despite the glastic back) despite having a midrange SoC. Bare in mind that Google are the only OEM to charge this much for a phone with a midrange Snapdragon SoC
Pixel 5 should have been cheaper as the 4a 5g is the clearly better value buy and will cannibalise the pixel 5 sales.
8t ultra.
Don't like apple guys talking of Android products. It's worthless. He start talking of Pixel 5, passed of iPAD(?) and demonize experiment of LG and some other crap of other stuff. He got an apple watch in his wrist and he talk about price and hardware balacing? REALLY?!
I like price and screen design
Yo that t-shirt duh!!
I actually got more excited for Google TV, I hope it makes it's way to my Android TV, the Pixel 5 isn't compelling enough for me to upgrade from my 3 XL as a matter of fact the Samsung S20 FE is a more attractive device at the same price point.
Almost thought that this is the right phone for me until i know about selfie camera is 8 mp. Pretty last at the competition on 2020. It costs $1000 in Australia.
Literally ordered everything. Anyone know if you can set the new speakers as your audio output with Android tv? I know on chromebooks you can cast audio but not sure about this one
I'm sticking with my 4 till pixel 6
You said it need it more popular because only launching in 9 countries. A pixel lover from india 😢😢
Watching this on my fold z 2 🤓🤓🤓
Wrong link for 4th gen echo...
Ultra wide
For the first time, I think the Pixel is finally competing with other phones. Google got it's act together.
Pixel 5 my favorite
I really like the look of the 5, just sad the face unlock is gone as I love it on my 4XL. Gonna keep this phone another year and see what the Pixel 6 is looking like
I realised I was missing a voice in my life, until the voice suddenly pop-up again and was soft and calm, saying "My name is Jaime Rivera, Jaime Rivera, Jaime Rivera, Jaime Rivera" Dahhhhhhhhhhh, felt I was ascending to the heavings.
LG Wing or Pixel 5? Can't be anymore confused between phones this year.
😂 The fact that Google's only producing an embarrassing 800,000 Pixel 5 units should tell you that even they know it's about to tank too. Yep, Google’s short boring Night In event was as embarrassing as the shamelessly ripped-off TV that they called, Google TV! 😆🤦‍♂️
Nice shirt Jaime!
Ok, sorry for the retard question, but does anyone know what game they played in the Pixel trailer?  Around 6:42  Cheers :)
The new Chromecast thing I'll order very soon
Who came up with this tech(month) trend ? And why is everyone is happily and enthusiastically using it ? And recently some streamers are using their names(month) too. Smh
or maybe you would get 8T Ultra in addition to 8T
Pixel has gone down hill and samsung has destroyed the competition.  Switched from a pixel  owner to samsung fold and omg in heaven
Google went in the wrong direction with the style of the pixel 5. Just looks like a 4a XL..if there was one
Pixels in  2020 is just awesome.
From 2014 i'm waiting for new designs phone  All look the same from 2007 firts iphone  screen ok better camara ok but still look same ideal   the folder phone it's ok but that might better for tablet but LG come wt sothing the wing look sothing new
Haven't been a fan of iphones since the iphone 5, but if this mini iphone offers good specs at a small size i may consider it.
What I don't like, small screen.
I am glad these software features will arrive on the older Pixels too
Price of the Pixel 5 makes the S20 FE look like a killer deal! Samsung should really start thanking Google.
Pixel 5 ftw
Pixel 4a 5G better than Pixel 5. PERIOD!!!!
You can skip to 7:02 if you just came here to know the news about the pixel 5. You're welcome.
If the pixel was sold in New Zealand then I would jump on it.
Pixel 5 , S20 FE , iPhone 12 , Op 8T all for 699 !! HOT !!
Give us Google Pixel Note
Pixel has UFS 2.1
how is 700$ fine for sm765 (pixel) when we get sm 865 (s20 fe) for the same ?
Yeah Jaime, I totally agree with you saying I like everything and the company is going exactly in the right direction. The design aesthetics and keeping only the necessities (that we users mostly use not like rubbish radar and wizard's gestures of Pix4) is the real key upgrades to the pixels. If the 765g can handle the daily tasks well, then who cares about the more power hungry and expensive 856+ chip? Totally loved it.
Love your shirt Jaime 💕 I am a big JACK fan 👍
As an iPhone fanboy this is the first time I'll genuinly have to consider the Pixel line-up. I think Google are much better off playing in this segment than trying to compete at the top end. The Pixel 5 has everything you could want on it and it's a great price point! Only thing to consider is what the iPhone 12 mini cost will be...
Right direction? They are the same... 700$ is too much for mid-range hardware! Google didnt learn anything, they are on same page where they failed miserably
I haven't watched pocketnow for ages, and I didn't realise how much I missed hearing "Jaime Rivera"
It surprised me that Netflix agreed to become a platform partner on Google TV. Netflix shows will show up alongside other streaming services content in the Now Playing/For Me screen. Apple have been trying to get that right and Netflix won't have it.
Think Google finally landed the right products at the right prices. 4A 5G seems the sweet spot though for size, budget and features. Time to ditch the Note 9 I think...
Better change the title to Tech September or what not 😂
Is the free google stadia subscription unlimited? or for a limited time only?
crazier techtober has a 1100$ phone with no charger in box
😴😴 Pass on the lg wing...
I have a Samsung smart tv from 2017, but it doesn't support all the apps. Do you reckon, this new Google tv Chromecast will be helpful?
great video
Who got pixel 5?
Pixel 5 is mad, how did they enable wireless charging on an aluminum phone
If they gave 865+ on pixel 5 same price tn it would be great Samsung galaxy fe has 865 at same price
The big question is, will the pixel 4a 5g and pixel 5 be available in india? Heard like it will not be available
No Pixel release in Scandinavia this time either! 😕
Will the regular 4a ($349) get night sight potrait mode ???
That smirk when he says i cannot wait for the review period to begin @6:03s.....you know that he has one already. 😂😂
I love the new pixel 5. It has everything I need and want at a price I can pay.
Pixel 4a5g6c
Nice teck new 👍♥️❤️💙🖤
Screw the LG Wing, I think I'll go for the Pixel 5 lol. Finally the specs are right!
Here in Germany the Pixel 5 is only 613€ (tax included) and if you preorder you get the Bose Quietcomfort 35 II for free which cost around 200€ itself. So I guess that's a pretty great deal
Is there a pixel 5XL  I real want the Google pixel but bigger screen or else I just get the lg wing
awesome review, I like everything to but thinking about that wing
I stopped watching this video because of the terrible product placement. Is this about the Pixel 5 or that weird LG phone?
It must be just me that thinks wtf Google.   Google brings out pixel 4a now they bring our 4a 5g. Why not just bring out 4a 5g in one.   Google bring our pixel 5 but it's smaller than 4a 5g. Wtf.   My view on what they should have done.   Bring out 4a 5g in two sizes.  Bring out pixel 5 in two sizes.   Both phone models to have 5g and both 4 a and 5 would have has same size choices.   Simple.
How is Samsung able to make the galaxy s20 FE with a SD 865 at $700 when the pixel 5 is the same price but with the SD 765G...? (keep in mind all other specs are similar)
I don't get it how Samsung manages to sell a phone for 600$ already(talking bout the discounted S20 FE) with the 865 and Google can't. Maybe Google gave something better somewhere else but I thought Google was smarter. They just could've make an exclusive contract with Qualcomm and put 855+ in these models. Weird approach by Google really. OnePlus 8T's coming too.
765 snapdragon for 999$ That's a super joke
Definitely pixel 5 sorta sage looks refreshing and those super thin bezels and very thin chin is a great comeback from Google 👍
Potrait night mode 😍
Lmao Google
very expensive for what it is!!!
They literally started a Podcast in between the event😂
Machine king means king of smartphone. Phone in Chinese is handheld machine.
107 degrees seems to be no ultra wide lens
Its just hilarious at this point that lower tiers have 3.5mm but not more premium ones. Like come on Google. If you gonna add 3.5mm to 4a why not then on 5?  But Im not sure that to think about this launch. Like again it sounds quite okey package but feels its missing something. That screen is not the best one, battery, chip... Not my pick for next phone and I guess Im not only one feeling it.
LG Wing at $999 is way overpriced with 765G. Pixel 5 is $699, and I'm not sure how it'll compete with S20 FE. The LG Wing's dual screen isn't worth that much of a premium.
Every month is tech: Technuary Techbuary Techarch Techpril Techay Techune Techuly  Techgust Techtember Techtober Techvember Techcember  😬
Amazing , commenting from my z fold 2
What's your favourite Pixel 5 colour?🤔
By having samsung s20 fe edition and price of 600bucks I guess samsung killed one plus  market.
not really happy about the price of the pixel 5. For me it should be between $500 - $600
Where is gray model it's 🔥🔥🔥
600$ for sd765! Seriously Google?
3:40 jaime hinting he has the one plus ultra
The Pixel 5 should have had a 6.5'' screen
Pixels to expensive
Bad mobile still.
Pixel 5 should have been $620-$650 Rather get galaxy s20 fe than this
Preorders of both Pixels in the UK, Ireland, Germany, or France come with a free set of Bose® QC35 II noise cancelling headphones worth €250😁
Why there are no videos on pixel 5 yet
How can the Pixel 5 do wireless charging through the aluminum case? I thought the whole argument for all companies going to this awfully sensitive glass backs that cost more to replace than the display was the wireless charging
Shame we are paying 100 extra in the USA for pixel 5 due to forced mm wave radio chips hardly anyone will ever use.  I'll wait for a sale at 549
I seriously don’t know anyone who has any pixel phone. Facts! Ugly looking to I might add..
Wait the pixel 5 has a headphone Jack
That shirt though a mix of Star Wars and a nightmare before Xmas. Where can I get that.
S20 FE or Pixel 5?
I'm taking part of the Fold 2 experiment. A device I don't need to excite a boring market. LG heart is in the right place but wrong implementation. They're not in a vacuum.
I think this is the first time i've seen a new phone be better than its predecessor (in terms of price and specs) on release. Why pay 650 for a Pixel 4 when the 5 is just 50 bucks more. why get either when the 4a 5G is looking to be a steal at 500. I am happy that Google realized that they were fighting way above their price point and they keep selling mid rangers with their amazing software and fantastic cameras instead of 900 dollar phones.
Pixel 5 finally looks like a worthwhile upgrade to my 2xl. But what I really want to know is where you got your t-shirt?
When are we getting the new pixels in India. 😭 Waiting since 3 months.
4A 5G
please for the love of god where did you get that shirt ?
Hdr+ bracketing with ultra wide angle? Noiceeeeee
Being that bareboned and simple (nothings wrong with that) they could've put the Snapdragon 865 atleast for the processor. . . . . And before anyone saying that no one will able to tell the difference or utilize the power, some will, like me for example and will appreciate the effort if they actually did itand it just feels a bit "meh.." knowing that its less powerful than the old SD855 that they use in the current pixel 4
No white Pixel 5? Wtf.
I wish all this is PIXEL 5 was PIXEL 4  year ago  but its never too late
S20 FE ≥ Pixel 5
Why they didn't name it 5A?????
64GB in 2020 is a darn scam not to mentioned they strip off the charging brick, EarPods and yet they still have increase prices.
Honestly I'm very disappointed with the Pixel 5 lineup. Then again they went to shit with their hardware after the 2XL & shit designs.
Free Stadia, youtube premium and google + when you get the phone? that's def a good deal
The 4a 5g and new Chromecast (what exactly does it do!?)
Sad that the samsung galaxy s20 fe 5g has better specs and is cheaper at $599 then the google pixel 5
Why they don’t call iphone 12... 11S?  Have I been living under a rock?
Samsung FE much better in every shit
Before you listen to this; I wanted to tell you, that you are beautiful and exceptional. Also your a phenomenal human being; I love you and I hope positive experiences will start happening in your life, if they haven't already. Keep moving forward my friend; start adopting positive and beneficial habits & behaviors. Eat healthy and treat yourself with kindness, in addition to others also. Fair well my friend; God Bless you 💖
I'm confused why Google keeps only launching their phones in so few countries. What the hell is wrong with my money $$$$??? ;-)
599 will make sense. 699 will be a hard sell.
Don't even care about pixel phones. No launch in india one of the biggest market for lower cost phones
Pixel has finally circled back to the (last generation) Nexus phones where value meets quality features
Common just take out that oneplus phone out of  your pocket and show us 👻
the competition in this space is really really hot S20 FE, Mi 10T Pro, Pixel 5, discounted S20(+)...
3:36 two useless macro and portrait shooters 😂🤣
I loved pixel stuff (: own the 4a now want 4a 5g
I don't know why everyone is hyping up the Pixel 5. For 699, I don't think it's a good deal. If someone is buying it for the Cameras, Pixel 4a 5g is just the same thing, if someone wants specs, then there are much better options like S20 FE and OnePlus 8T is right around the corner.
Jaime...did u just a say 385 dollars shit....? 1:01 😂😂😂
Just wish the Pixel 5 had a headphone jack and I'll be so on board. Or give wireless charging to the 4a 5G. One or the other.
LG should bring out this exact build quality and design but with single 90hz screen and 4500mah battery for 659$.
Mid range phones now costing around 700 usd and flagships going way overboard in terms of prices ... phew are these phones made out of rare earth elements .. 😜
Tecktomber 🤣🤣🤣🤣
I will use my phone for another year so my next phone maybe Pixel 5a or Pixel 6(depending on my economic status)
When they talk about speed, I was hoping for processing speed with pixel visual core, in place of 5G connection speed. A one year old SD855 would've been perfectly fine with me. That said, the Pixel 5 is $950-$1000 outside of US.
Finally finally ...like finally google is making a good-looking phone.But the specs are a let down for pixel 5.I feel the price should have been a little lower.
Soooo Pixel 5 or S20 FE?
I preordered a 5 to replace my 3XL but then learned that the following were removed: active edge, neural core, dynamic haptics, front firing speakers, plus everything we already know. On their own maybe not a big deal but when comparing the pros/cons it’s not any better than my 3XL, GPU included. I guess I’ve been spoiled for too long with premium devices. This would be the best Dad phone though
I wonder how the likely meltdown in America after the election is going to make everyone forget about new cell phones.
I wanna try the pixel 5 but lowkey feel like 😉kinda a downgrade from my glaxay s10? Any thoughts?
damn it google put a flagship processor when charging flagship money -_-
That pixel 5 is cute. Wish it had a bit better processor but nice
Hi I'm eddi goraro hahahaha
Unfortunately, Pixel phones are not coming in INDIA!
Jaime, You might be aware of how much the Indian audience is enthusiastic in terms of Mobile tech, you will be surprised that when US/Canada market already is up & ready for Pixel 5, the 4a isn't even on sale in India till now 🤦🏻‍♂️, moreover pricing will have $50 - $150 price bump for what it costs in US, Google is doing something terrible for the market here where people really would be ready to use their hardware. Damn Pixel 3a xl cost 450usd here, Chinese Oems are holding 50% of the market for that reason
I wanna get the pixel 5, loving the sage green. I'm so mad I just got the 4a a few weeks ago, can't trade it in. Ugh
Finally, Finally, Finally Google for the win🤔
The lg wing is only meant for those who have the money to spare and won't miss it. I'm not so financially blessed to be able to risk a grand on something without already proven long term reliability.
I bought two chromecast with google tvs. Cant wait
Jaime, can you leave a link to the T-shirt you're wearing?
Thankyou for calling those 2mp modules useless! Peeeoopple let's call them useless cam rather than  Quad cam array just for the sake! 😁
To me the pixel 4a 5g price is kinda right for it's specs and i think it's a better buy On the other hand the pixel's 5 price is expensive and idk honestly how it's gonna compete with iPhone 12 and Samsung fe 5g.
4a 5G aka Sleeper 🔥
Pixel 5 was almost perfect. I can downgrade from 5000 mah battery and a 6.7 inch screen but they phone looks nice.
Any chance Youtubers could quit saying techtember and techtober?  It's been done to death now.
My brother who doesn't care about tech and is just using my old Note 10+ saw the LG Wing and genuinely wants it. I can't see him switching (he complains for weeks anytime he has had to get a new phone), but it definitely has his attention.
Far too expensive, mainly outside US where prices will get crazy high for a midrange. Samsung FE and many other Chinese brand phones just killed it. Too much google pixel hype, when it's just an ok phone option.
64 GIGABYTES??!?!?!?!?!?!??!?!?!? HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHA
Cool intro animation
Scooby do papa
107° aint no wide angle cam
1.5 PROBLEMS WITH PIXEL 5        STORAGE  PLEASE GIVE 256 GB AND FREE UNLIMITED HIGH-QUALITY PHOTOS  STORAGE WITH PIXEL 5,  HEY GOOGLE AT THIS PRICE THERE IS ONE PLUS 8T AND 8 PRO  WHICH HAS 256 GB     ....    SO PLEASE GIVE US 256 GB IN THE NEXT MODEL WITH WIRELESS CHARGE AND WATER  RESISTANCE AND KEEP THE GOOG CAMERA WORK  BUT CHANGE THE FRONT CAMERA FROM 8MP TO 12MP SO WE CUSTOMERS CAN GET 4K VIDEO
I really like the sage green of the pixel 5, might get that
Cómo que el 4a 5g es la mejor opción en cuanto precio/características , y parece que se mejoro la fotografía y video aún más
Another letdown by google, the 5 should have triple cameras at that price point, should have a bigger range of colours, should have been 6.2inch screen not smaller than the 4a 5g, should have at least 25w charging, should have used the snapdragon 865.....the Samsung 20FE has most of these.for only a bit more money.
$999 for the LG wing wow.
Very hyped for the Pixel 5! Good size screen for me so I'm happy because I was worried it was going to be a small phone and the green color is so nice! I'm looking forward to getting one.
I liked the Pixel 5 the most. Reverse wireless charging through aluminum really caught my eye.
Am excited about the pixel 5 ... finally Google has nailed it
Worst part is mid rangers are now costing old flagship prices and flagship phones are flying off on the spaceships 😂😂😂
Idk what google thinking with that midrange phone for 699 lol ,that’s a iPhone 11 or even a iPhone 12
Already pre-ordered the pixel 5
3:09 translation went wrong. a plus=一加=oneplus, 8t is the only model they will be launching
Seriously Google!? $699 for Pixel 5 😑😑😑  It just makes the Galaxy S20 FE 5G look real good. Same price, but FE has expandable storage, SD865, LPDDR5, UFS 3, bigger and better display, 120Hz, bigger battery, 4K front camera, smaller camera hole, DeX, the list goes on.... #dissapointed
I give up, I was waiting for  pixel 5, now I have to downgrade and buy an iPhone.
If the Fold 2 was $999, I'd jump on that experiment.  LG? Nope.
i really am torn between note 20 U, s20fe, iphone 12, and pixel 5.. HELL ON EARTH!! 1ST WORLD PROBLEMS in a decay
Jaime Rrrrrrrivera, deberías hacer un vídeo en el que nos platiques de cómo terminaste haciendo esto.
So glad you're back!  I was worried. 😟
No views 16 👍
Pixels are only good for English users
I spend most of my time in "recording", "gameplay" and editing and uploading. I need all my brother's and sisters' support.  🙏🙏🙏
Pixel 5 is DoA, FE is better, except camera when you can just slap a gcam on there.
How are there 0 views and 5 comments
First
Here
So close I'm excited for the pixel 5
🙏
Yeyyy
