Thanks for watching guys! Hope yall have a good weekend!
Thats a weird looking angler fish
You wanna microwave the Moon-Pie for 20 seconds, then you'll see why we buy them.
The amount ‘Angler Fish’ was said here would be a dangerous but fun drinking game!!!
hey @roanokegaming theres  a 2018 movie called insect you may like
MONSTERS!!! Let me step in bub the supernatural is my sort of stuff.
The Chinese made the suit.
what a f is this on 25:28 🤣
Why why anglers.
Again what's with you and anglers!?!
What's with you and anglers?
Could the angler slander.
The doors can not be opened from the inside? Does China make everything in under water horror movies and please do not slander the angler fish.
RC cola and Moon Pies. Try it. Its quite good.
I don't think the company would put "counter-measures" against the creatures by the end, the way they silenced the last two survivors implies it's a cover-up, methinks they always KNEW about the creatures and their goal was to reach Chthulhu. BTW, the director has since CONFIRMED that it is actual Chthulhu, just a bastardized version of him to fit a more "animalistic" design.
Don't take my word for a truth, but... I think he doesn't like anglerfish
Not sure if it was mentioned, but one of the guys that died in the opening was Gunner Wright who IS Isaac Clarke!
The leviathan has a tailfin that moves up and down, which is classic in aquatic mammals. Whales, dolphins, otters, seals, etc., all have tails that go up and down, because they once had hips and knees. Fish, sharks, etc., have tails that go left and right because they're extensions of their spines. The leviathan must be a descendant of mammals.
i didnt expect to love underwater as much as i did, and i enjoy coming back to this video when i want to re visit it lol PS love the longer videos!! please dont shorten them!
Idiot fishbowl nasa helms. Cringe pop design.
. . . Anglerfish…
I love this channel and the in-depth biology stuff but there’s a lot of basic even more crucial science like air pressurizing you mention like 10+ times in this video that just makes zero fucking sense if not even being completely wrong…. We won’t even get into the deep sea and space facts you are just failing video after video, but for astronaut movies you completely misinterpret what pressurizing suits is again… why do you just take 3 minutes to start getting the basic stuff right? I’m not hating. I truly love this channel, but it’s becoming very obvious how half fast everything is not a single in depth biology explanation is visually shown anything to help anybody. It’s just a scramble of words to yet again hide the fact that you can’t coherently explain a situation, which is only fine in the scenario like biology where you actually know what you’re talking about and can confuse us lol. Every other basic fact and bit of science and deep ocean is just even more cringe and wrong considering you definitely don’t know what you’re talking about and can’t hide that. I guess I’m just sad, This channel is so close to perfection. Why can’t you take the three minutes to learn and check for the lazy surface level facts?
2:00 pls dont jump scare me again
Yeah, the captain probably was adrenaline-juiced, someone asked him if he had a daughter, "Yes," how old? He mentally went "born in XXXX year, so 14. "14." While her having passed simply slipped his mind for a second. It's one of the reasons a traumatized person CAN be an adrenaline junky. In the throes of adrenaline, you forget the pain.
Welcome back to an episode of "roanoke pretends he doesnt know what lovecraftian horror is for 30 minutes"
14:21 Ningen-maxing
this reminds me strongly of Barotrauma a game where you man a submarine on Titan a frozen moon with sub surface seas the monsters bear a striking resemblance to this in this movie as do the hard suits worn by the characters.
Go read or listen to, "the ocean is deeper than we thought". Lots of similarities but different monster...........s.
What if it’s not a dual species event and the bigger one is the queen? Is that more likely than seeing 2 previously unknown species at once? I don’t know anything about marine biology, though, I am just a greasy line cook
Bugging the shit outta me that u reference skit and Cole it’s gears 5 sorry love yah Roanoke
13:28 to my personal opinion or view I see that this species is more like similar to a frog it has that tad pole tail showing that it’s most likely could develop like frogs to be able to go on land if it’s in human flesh it’s probably like alien franchise, this creature put an egg like mass or even birth inside the flesh mass so it can feast and grow specially if it’s got similar to primate hands well this really shows that this thing could be a predator maybe even a predator to the human species and uses characteristics like a human to be more of that advantage against anything like a human since we in the human species have these basically best characteristics of our body like our limbs and all to be higher in the food chain but this creature could be a some what even higher up than the human if it kills humans without even attacking if it wasn’t even attacked by us.
3:39 Sir……. You have EVERY RIGHT to have that type of fear, I would of personally lost my shit, I would think it’s a shark that stopped the attack because it realized I wasn’t a fish at the last second 😂😂😂
There is still no explanation for trying to wake The older more annoying stepbrother of cluthulu
We love the longer videos
IIRC, it actually was a stealth Cthulhu/Lovecraft movie
Ive never seen so much hate for a FISH😂😂😂😂
I will not tolerate Moon Pie slander in my horror movie lore video lmao
15:30 I have eaten moon pies before, and while they don’t taste terrible, I would definitely put them at the classification of an MRE food item. This is due to the fact that I’ve lived off MREs for weeks before, god help my gut, but also because I’ve eaten a moon pie that had to have been at least six or seven years past it’s best by, and it tasted no different than a fresh one.   Great sugary snack for long distances. Would recommend in moderation.
now i really want to see you talk about subnautica
The deep sea rig was owned by Weyland Corp before they merged with Yutani.
Carbon and pressure = fossil fuels.   We know where it comes from.
Late to the party, but this movie was way underrated IMO. Yeah there is some typical Hollywood junk to move the story along, but it kept my attention until the end.
I've yet to hear anyone mention Dagon. While the writers may have intended it to be a representation of the God of Thought, it clearly wasn't smart enough to simply crush the station or drive the survivors insane.
I actually love how every movie you talk about I’ve watched im literally just listening to ur stuff while at work and I go to myself hmmm witch movie is this tryna use the hints and stuff lmao this movie is honestly a great watch Ngl for anyone wondering
@Roanoke's Anglerfish Hatred origin story.
The large creature was named Cthulhu, but I suspect the reason was just that it would sell better than the actual HPL lore. There, Father Dagon and Mother Hydra are the kaiju progenitors of the ichthyomorphs, the fish-people.
It’s hilarious this guy calls himself a scientist when he seems to believe more in pseudoscience than anything else. I suspect a failed biology student that turned to making YouTube videos.
Okay so I remember watching a video on this which means I can't really 100% back the info but if I'm correct an implosion will always have a explosion I don't remember the exact science honestly wish I did
Heads up miners, swarm!
I really likes this movie 🎥
Kristin Stewart giving total Ripley vibes spending multiple scenes in only a tank top and panties   Hell yeah
Dawg, you claim to be from Florida, but do not understand what keeps Moonpies alive. Two words. Mardi Gras.
I love you Roan
Subnautica the best non-horror horror game ever made
You are missing the possibilty of a hive species with dramatic sexual dimorphism: the giant creature could be a queen, and the aquatic apes are drones.  These creature could also reproduce parasiticly: the infants need a corpse or live host to feed on as many insects do.
Fallout Power Armor
So were the creatures Cthulhu’s minions or something?
We've known about ringwoodite for decades and the fact the mantle contains a large amount of water--its not free flowing water, just tied up in minerals as hydroxyl ions.
Double hulled ship explode implode when they sink so it could that with the suit... also let's see how many times we can fit the name angular fish into 1 video..
29:40 there's actually a legitimate theory there's massive underground oceans that have more mass than what's on the surface of our planet
He really has something against angler fish
If you saw the movie you would know he knows the helmet was cracked
"Underwater," a 2020 science fiction horror
I love Moonpies
Bro overlooked all the mfin newspaper clips that pretty much say its cthulhu but "the biologist in me" head ass tries to turn it into a scientific explanation bc the mythological reason is "boring" we wanted a cthulhu movie, those aren't his children those are his servants
5:58 😂
Angler fish are just like an inch long
The thing that bumped you was probably a bull shark bc they test prey before attacking so if you thrashed that's why it left you alone
Anglerfish.
You look exactly how I thought you would.
2:08 damn brother! You’re a handsome bastard.
0:14 I mean. Anthropogenic climate change is as close to scientific fact as it gets. The fence sitting is disappointing.
I really enjoyed this movie. It is a 1 to 1 exact visual representation of my thalassophobia. This is EXACTLY what I imagine is going on beneath me when I swim in anything larger than a medium sized pond.
Nope
That’s where it lost credibility for me. A creature that can live in these pressures would be as strong as a human on land (proportionately) as they are underwater and aren’t superhuman in their natural habitat. So they wouldn’t be able to rip open the suit…it was a stupid detail… if the Cthulhu thing did it then sure because it’s massive. But the human sized ones couldn’t. Plus the muscular structure and presence of an endo skeleton limits its strength in a way…
Are moon pies like Wagon Wheels? You probably need to be born in the 70’s I the UK to know what Wagon Wheels were!
3:11 - God speed bro bro 😔✊️
First time watching this movie my ass was clenched the entire time, deep sea, pitch black, underwater monsters, isolation that far from humanity as a whole, yep fucking nope to all of that bullshit thank you very much 😂
Okay but, what if the big one is the female and the "smaller ones" are the maales, just like the beloved anglerfish does.
When I was a kid, something bushed against my leg and i looked down and saw a white giant crab pincer and got really scared crying for my parents. they didnt believe my story until later a lot of people were looking at a dead sun fish. So i touch a dead sun fish and thought it was a giant crab trying to consume me.
So funny that he’s terrified of angler fish which have a max size of like 2 inches hahaha
dude hate angler fish soo bad that he keep saying it like breathing
My names Roanoke and I’m scared of subnautica😆
i did the hyperoxyia thing and im in the hospital now.. you will be getting sued mister
You heard him VI, let’s go
The least realistic part of this whole movie is all the walking in the water/j    (Its a reference to someone saying that to Pacific rim)
@RoanokeGaming 0:18 You made me spend 15 FUCKING MINUTES FINDING THAT LINE!!!!
The suits remind me of the space suits you find in the marshal bureau in alien isolation
I'm gonna turn 33 I am so dead any moment now
As someone with thalassophobia I agree with you I am absolutely not going down there to any of this
My dad loves the banana moon pies
loved this movie had the best time in the cinema
ringwoodite doesnt mean water... i get it you want views but why lie to people and spread even more misinformation... people already dumb dont make them dumber there are no "oceans" underground its not even water at all its more like ice but even worse it just contains a lot of hydrogen
The Leviathan is the final stage of growth of those creatures.
The name aquatic ape is so disparaging sounding. They should call them Aquatic Hominids.
30:30 a monologue is directed to other characters, when it is directed at the audience, it is called a soliloquy.    Yes I do get bullied in school, why do you ask?
6:46, not to mention you’d probably die from that water pressure being too great for a human to bear.
If you want someone to hate more than that captain, look up the captain of the Sewol. Go be as angry as I am at one man.
levaerthin thing looks like damm cuthuluu
I have an irrational love for this movie and really want to see more from this universe! I just really like the deep sea setting
I havent seen a single video where he doesent somehow mention the anglerfish
They look kinda like lakelurks from fallout NV.
They wouldn't be high from hyperoxia it would more likely be nitrogen narcosis if the gases they are using contain any amount of nitrogen. Usually at great depths they use very little nitrogen tho and replace it with helium instead bc nitrogen becomes narcotic at high pressures. Helium causes its own set of problems tho that's why one guy tried hydrogen once, successfully I might add. Deep diving is a very interesting science tbh.
You had me until you started talking crap about moon pies. Bye now
Its them damn angler fish again
Moo pies are the shit bro I love the
15:30 moonpies are absolutely goated so I’m assuming a straight chad gangster simply hasn’t had the chance to put you on for real🙏
Thanks for not having any annoying sponsored ads and taking the time to put this together :) That is the spirit of the internet. Check out a game called "Barotrauma" Everything will be explained...Well not really, but it's similar to this in the way all the creatures are practically in it, and if not you can get mods or make your own with the in game editor >:) ALSO it wont activate any thalassophobia unlike Subnautica >_>
As the object collapses, the energy stored in the pressure differential is converted into other forms of energy.
16:25 I bet that specific number was either attained through the efforts of mid century Germans or mid century Japanese. Though the techniques used to obtain said knowledge was ethically questionable, to say the least, the information is valuable nonetheless.
If you think subnautica is bad on your monitor in your brightly lit room, you should try it in VR with ANC headphones in a dark room at night. It’s truly awful.
ia ia fhtagn
They're like humanoid shoggoths
They seem almost like modernized Cthulhu spawn in design
I can't be the only one who noticed the Gears of War suits in this movie.
27:27 No dude. She is critically low on oxygen.
8:45 Yes. At a depth of six and a half to seven miles, if your suit was compromised you would be turned into a human milkshake just like Rodrigo. That part of this movie was very accurate.
You say you've never seen anyone buy a moonpie bbbbuuutttt you also regularly drive to the hellhole Seattle I currently live in...  I find this statement erroneous sir for I postulate you have been at least though the state of Tennessee. Case closed, enough said 🤨
You said "around 28 our bodies starts dying" I thought it was as soon as we're born.  Our cells begin slowing the replacation process properly thus making us age
I too have a word for interns, its called slaves, but I'm contractually obligated to call my sla I mean interns interns. (This is a joke so not cook me for it.)
don't think expressing doubt that burning fossil fuels leads to climate change... is really necessary or helpful to the point you were making in the first 20 seconds of the video. Human beings do actually know about that one...
my head cannon going into this movie blind in the theaters was that this was a Gears of War prequel movie. kinda like how people think horizion was in the warhammer 40k universe.
if you won't do Subnautica, do SOMA.
It's not fight, flight, or freeze. You're missing one. It's fight, flight, freeze, or fu... submit.
5:48 I don’t think they ever worried about a surprise OSHA inspection lol
My favorite british movie reviewer
Bro really included burning fossil fuels in his Intro. What a brain dead goofy
You NEED TO MAKE A FALLOUT BIOLOGY VIDEO
There's this movie from 2016 called The Void, body horror/ cosmic horror with a decent premise and nice practical effects. Even if you don't do a video on it please add it to your watch list at some point.
that is literally a ningen ("human")
thanks.... thanks for that, i turning 32 this year... really love knowing that i am actively dying already.... midlife crisis incoming..
You're just explain the plot of the movie, scene for scene, when do you get to explaining the creature?
Yoooo a breathing Baffo meme?! That's elite bro
So you won't play subnautica but you'll use the music. Nah you gotta earn it and play the game now lmao
I have thalassaphbobia and I played and beat subnautica. Roanoke has no excuses if I can do it he can.
I think he has some problems with the anglerfish 😂
i just realized that humanity still hasnt conquered the sea  militarily  most of it  is undiscovered and if shit like this appeared in reality our submarines couldnt do shit
Bro had a death wish swimming in murky water below a pier 😭
Guys I think he’s afraid of Angler fish
Something tells me he doesn't like angler fish
These thing's are ugly as alien..spooky.. this would make a very good movie..
25:19 ypu just described the pass out game (to make yourself pass out)
3:30 I was going to ask why she didn't try to squeeze in the pod with Emily, but then the explosion thing happened and I realized it was for narrative purposes.
Angler Fish
It's a natural species that inspired the Cthulhu myth
So this is just the average barotrauma playthrough.  My guy, if you get scared playing subnautica is just a lovely Sunday afternoon walk in a sunny park, barotrauma is extremely terrifying, intense and vast in things that want you for food, I cannot wait for Roanoke gaming to discuss it, or even play it for his thoughts on it.
Well his suit inploded which isnt exactly how that would functionally work his suit couldnt depressurize as pressure built on the inside which kind of cause the glass or whatever material was used for the helmet to become more sensetive due to both forces inside and out weakening its structure further causing an implosion by the onslaught from the force of the ocean though it would be an instantaneous death so other than the momentary dread you feel the miliseconds or microseconds your still alive you woulsnt feel a thing.
I have a deep fear of deep water, but I still played Subnautica now I did take a break from it for a while, but I’m almost completed with the main story. I just have to go down to velocity.
Crazy that Baffo da Crema is in this video
Bro we know where oil comes from it comes from the carbon Carboniferous period  from all the carbon that was locked in the plants and other things. how stupid r u or do u just say shit with thought
Dude I hate moon pies however I work retail I ring up hundreds of these things hundreds
18:50 I think she was talking about mother nature
Saying ancient,extra dimensional, cosmic horrors are boring compared to a big fish is wild
Bro slept through physics class 😂
Love the Burger King kids meal diversity crew.
24:00 I would have assumed 14 was "the age she would have been"
I remember when you first started with a couple of videos I’d repeatedly binge watch and let autoplay run. I’m glad you’re moving up the ladder!
I believe the crack in the helmet would release pressure. Maybe the suit is not capable of maintaining positive pressure at the rate that it is escaping the suit...resulting in an implosion.
I'm watching a lot of your videos that I've noticed you almost almost always bring up that damn anglerfish😂
The company that started the drilling is called Tian, which means heaven in Chinese. Or can also refer to a deity. Which gives some weight behind the theory that they were intentionally trying to wake up an elder god or something like it.
I provided all the water
took me a hot minute to realise this was a movie recap 😭
Play Subnautica please.
My grandpa LOVES moonpies lol. The banana ones aint bad
ong i rather implode then find out whats down their
So wait... our brains aren't fully developed until we're 27 and we begin dying at 28. Humanity is a mess isn't it? Just tell me the truth.. I can take it. 😢
This guys content is so underrated. This is work that deserves millions of subs. Great job man!!
You got a bad habit of going off topic. No like for you!
Implosions does not create presurewaves like an explosion does. It's quite literarly in the name. implosion = sucks in, explosion = blows out.  At worst they would had been sligtly sucked towards the suit imploding but been in risk of any harm. They mey also had heard a somewhat loud ping as the glass/acrylic/metal crushes inwards. There will be a small rebound of the gasses created by the implosion, but it's barely gonna be noticeble. Perhaps if the entire building in the movie imploded, you would feel it, but not an implosion of the size of their suits.   There is also the problem of the scene where the beings get in to the structure. At that dept the entire structure would had imploded instantly if there was a singular leak or hole in it. Sure you could realisticly build a structure like that at extreme difficulty. However you would have to reinforce the absolute hell out of it. because it will be fine for aslong it's full with water that has the same equal presure as the outside. But the moment you start pumping out water and fill it with oxygen you are going to have some realy big issiues as the presure changes even if just for the moment. There is a werry good reason why deepsea submercibles are the size they are and why they are so heavely reinforced. The presure is absolutely insane at the bottom of the ocean.
I will not play Subnautica. I bought it, and rapidly found out I DO have a fear of the ocean. But I wont call it a phobia. It is ENTIRELY rational to be afraid of the ocean and what is within it if you are IN THE OCEAN. Especially if you are STUCK in the ocean and almost everything in it wants to kill and eat you.
Don't wanna speculate, but I'm setting the sense that Roanoke may not like Anglerfish.
I always had the idea that bioraptors are genetic experiments gone astray
You have set a ripples believe it or not world record  (If youre competing again Prime Vid, Netflix, hulu lol) youd have beat them at finding good movies
This whole movie sounds like it was inspired by or could've been the unfinished Fallout4 deep sea quest.
Yo Roanoke, if you haven’t already heard of this for night tinnitus, give white noise machines a try. I have used it for about 2 years now and I have been able to get a full 8 hours of sleep.
Once you see the big boy, that's just "drop an f-bomb and cease all combat" moment. You aren't even going to be able to put up enough of a fight to make them remember you. Any chance you thought you had was a delusion.
The complicated anxiety soggy bacon in my skull is truly fascinating, although I don’t appreciate some of the nightmares of my past. But I know it’s just trying to learn how to cope with that terrible shit should it happen again.
A little paul?
25:28 😂💀 10/10 edit
The beginning explanation feels really culty.
POV: The world has human animal hybrids like angler fish people. RG with intense doom music playing with a AK and Axe
Implosions are coupled with explosions. much like how a star goes super nova, once the implosion gets to a point of criticality it rebounds and pushes all the compressed matter back out in an explosion. greatly reductive, but basically what happens.
I swear to fuck if you dont cover subnautica im gonna ship angler fish right to your front door
Problem is the word theory in science doesnt mean what it means for everyone else
7:27 LITERALLY! I’ve beaten it ONCE and I can never do it again. Constant anxiety.
I like the cthulu angle of this. Though Dagon might have been a better fit tbh. The creatures being humans who have been influenced and called to the ocean, like what is described in Shadows over Innsmouth, explains the eyes no longer being there, as well as the humanoid appendages.   "I cannot think of the deep sea without shuddering at the nameless things that may at this very moment be crawling and floundering on its slimy bed, worshipping their ancient stone idols and carving their own detestable likenesses on submarine obelisks of water-soaked granite. I dream of a day when they may rise above the billows to drag down in their reeking talons the remnants of puny, war-exhausted mankind—of a day when the land shall sink, and the dark ocean floor shall ascend amidst universal pandemonium."
I think one of the biggest things that nobody notices is that there seem to be 1 of 3 possibilities for these creatures. These possibilities stem from the scene right before 14:14. In the scene before this it shows tentacles slamming into the glass above them. If you pay attention to the creatures later on in the movie, they lack these tentacles. This could mean, 1. That the ones with tentacles are adolescents and that they shed or somehow lose the tentacles later on in their lifespan. 2. That the ones with and without tentacles are two subcategories of the same species. Or 3. That these two types of creatures are two completely separate species altogether. (Sorry for the yap.)
This is the third video of yours that I’ve watched. I watched the Still Wakes the Deep one and the Europa Report one. You have not once failed to mention angler fish.
Wait so my body has just now started dying? Is that why the existential dread of my own mortality is keeping me awake at night now!?
YouTube recommends the same videos over and over. Their algorithm is a hamster on wheels.
28:57 You literally can't. That's part of the idea. There is no "Right" way to say any of them with a human vocal system.
ROANOKE AND ZAFFY COLLAB WHEN?!?!?‽
EXPLAINING HOW PRESSURE WORKS:Pressure on the deep ocean can be fatal if your suit or submersable vehicle has a leak or damage. If its tiny ur still be crushed like on a compressed paste of tomato. Pressure on that film is so dum. Because die from pressure wont explode it only crushes you not exploding. Or some explanation why it explode. Or maybe they had built in subpacks so they can prapeled them self its just my guest? If you want understand why he exploded, click here and comment how he exploded.
this movie was basically a indie video game
I used to eat moon pies as a child, i renewed my love for moon pies recently, you MUST dunk them in milk like a cookie.
The thing that touched your leg was your nemesis the dipp sea anglafish*
Roanoke.  U hear that flicking back base of ur head. Shoulda relieved
I’m thinking these things are humanoid amphibians. Given there there’s younglings look like tadpoles. Also thumbs aren’t exclusive to primates. Koalas have them, certain tree frogs and even a pterosaur. Not everything with thumbs is monke Lol
You Sir, look nothing like what my brain pictured.  Why my brain saw a blond, shoulder length hair, blue eyes and somewhat skinny. Also, your voice is a tad "different" from voiceover your videos, from that short clip 1:59. The human brain is a complex yet, silly organ.
The AIR we breathe is only about 20.9 percent OXYGEN
It’s supernatural herpes
Hearing that Valve music took me back to 2002 😂
I remember playing in the ocean, getting confident. Before I knew it I was a mile out in the ocean. Didn't realize until I looked back. Atlantic city new jersey. I had to swim all the way back and all I thought about the whole time was creatures beneath me. I swam for my life. But I did  get tired, but I told myself if I stopped, I would never make it back and I would drown. I was like 8 or something. I never got comfortable swimming in the ocean again
Thankfully you arent a scientist because you say some really embarrassing things sometimes, lmao.
"I hate the ocean" _—Markiplier_
I believe the suit exploded because of the power source
For anyone coming  here  long after it was posted, Rodrigo absolutely knew there was a crack. He saw it, and it was implied he gave it to Stewart's character
04:40 👋😀
I am loving these retro family guy references sooo much ❤❤and
It’s actually currently speculated that the large majority of oil was created when trees first formed bark. Fungus didn’t have enzymes capable of breaking down something as tough as bark yet so trees never rotted and simply got buried and compressed into oil
they remind me of the Ood from Doctor Who
Oil comes from prehistoric marine micro organisms that have been put immense heat and pressure for millions of years
the sweet comfort of being up against monsters or insurmountable odds but getting the last laugh by detonating an explosive or in this case a nuclear reactor, you might kill me but it comes at a heavy price.
I want a shirt, bumber sticker hat something with "you break our toys, we break your species" -humans
That’s a mirelurk king
Water monkey
Soma ahh movie
Where do you see talons on the tendrils?
Fun fact at the end of the movie the giant creature is actually Cthulhu yes that one the great dreamer and that underwater station might be under the impossible city of r’iyeh
The anglerfish got me thinking, what if the little one is a parasitic mate situation?
Sangheili + Forced Evolutionary Virus = These fuckin’ things
HorrorBabble  Sandyofcathulu  Here are some Lovecraft channels one being all of the audio books. Because most of you fools have no idea what yall are talking about in regards to it. You too Ro, who even are those children of thulu, these are mostly the deep ones, mainly the star spawn is what I considered these little creatures because they share his likeness. Most likely they are an interpretation that mixes the two. Ro you should especially read his work because there will undoubtedly be more movies you will cover inspired by him and the books go into great detail about the biology of most of his aliens, and they are aliens. Not gods nothing supernatural.
I hate this movie as a lovecraftian film, the creatures design in not imaginative either, looks like the thing from subnatica. Should have been more direct with the premise if that was the intention. Would have been a better movie. 4/10
Regarding the guy who got imploded, I could see him choosing to take the quick way out, also he'd have known that if he had revealed there was one too few usable helmets the captain would've insisted on being the one to stay behind, so he might have chosen to end himself to keep the captain going with the group (in contrast to ending another member of the group and living with the guilt or else being a psychopath)
To be fair to Stewart, I remember watching this film and thinking, "ok, she's gotten better, or at least the role is better suited to her or something, so she's not single-handedly destroying the film. Still not a good actress, but she's doing better here."
I think the big one is a plankton feeder
Bruh ringwoodite is dead real wtf???
I’m with ya on deep dark water fear…… your NO parts cracked me up bc I said no at the same time
Yeah honey now's not the time to discuss my new secretaries hotness and why I hired her ok 😒 I'm trying to get out of this tailspin 🚁 before we hit that mountain 🏔️ thank you very much 😬
any day now..
A year late but this is my first vid of his with a face reveal… it tracks…
Jesus brides of christ the audio on that green screen
What's crazy is all that neck math tells me Eddie Hall could use his 1100lb deadlift technique to pull someone's head off
Awe man Kristen Stewart? She’s horrible !
Roanoke, you shouldn't have talked about the Moon Pies. You're on the cusp of unleashing something no YouTube man can be prepared for.
wth are/were Blue Whales?!?!?!
I always forget how much of a stud this man is, what a fuckin beauty
2:00 Roanoke jumpscare
Dude you go so in depth explaining how our brains work but can’t pronounce Kristin or Cthulhu.
They look more like power armor than mjolnir to me, personally.
First thing that came to mind with the leviathan creature was a queen bee  Could be a matriarch that mostly just produces offspring workers and mates, but if going with the theory that the creatures came from apes it would be harder to explain how that could have evolved lol
You act like Cthulhu is not a “natural” creature.  Anything unexplainable is seemingly classified as mystical.  Take a pistol back to medieval times and you are “casting deadly thunder magic.”  Remember, alchemy was a magical practice until we figured out it was simply natural chemical reactions.  (Shrug) Just food for thought, yeah?
In italy we use to call snitch and coward  "schiettino " . He was a brave man😂😂
Almost a good movie. So close. Annoying twilight girl kinda ruined it for me. Like no ones hiring a 90 pound, buzzed blond girl to do this job. Oh well
Really good movie.
"Why are you the way that you are?" Roanoke Gaming to anglerfish.
23:35 Doesn't that read 14?
This movie was just an amateur screenwriting exercise based very loosely on _A Shadow Over Innsmouth_ and taking advantage of tropes as old as Ripley on the Nostromo
Don’t you dare talk down upon my glorious king Moon Pies
Love moon pies...
Yeah, if you know anything at all about submarines or saturation diving then this movie is just gonna piss you off. It's the pressure DIFFERENTIAL that matters, 10k psi in a tank is a shit load of pressure, unless the outside of that tank is also at 10k psi then it might as well be empty.
oceangated as a verb is excellent.
Your mom can swallow an entire human
lol fish toes
😂😂😂😂 oceangated
Given that they called the biggest creature in this film cthulhu are these creatures deep ones or something else
Day 1 of asking Roanoke to talk about Prey (2017)
the main problem with the suits being used in combat is power consumption, to beat them, youd just have to keep them in a fight until they run out of power and then just move in after theyve shut down  that said, being used for base defence, construction, S&R and other non-combat or static roles would be ideal, since power is more readily available or consistently nearby
anyone with tinnitus noticed that certain notes, tones or types of music seem to reduce it or stave it off temporarily?
God supplied the water bud
Too many long ads
That was really funny dude that neck made me laugh Ike I haven’t in ages
There’s a comic series Wake really similar to this film, I loved them both
fun fact the starting zone of subnautica is wonderful.....minus the cries of the somewhat distant reaper leviathan........anywhere else but the starting zone is nightmarefuel T_T
I've watched so many of your videos am in you discord and somehow not subscribed
It's Cuh-thoo-loo
One thing about the suits design. Not sure how a pressure relief valve would help when the pressure outside is greater than the pressure inside the suit. Maybe I’m missing something but that’s my initial thought.
massive?
Movie summary in a nutshell  Subnautica
Just a quick thing about memory being very good in stressful situations, I read somewhere that there's a possibility of nightmares being the brains attempt at reversing the body for stressful scenarios so that it's more prepared in the future
Wow you really have a deep seated fear of the Angler fish. Deep sea diving is not for you!😊
You missed allot.. Like the whole guy taking the cracked helmet to sacrifice themselves
Wasn’t there a map in the movie showing the stations were arranged in a pentagram or something?
I got dragged out in the undertow on a beach in France when I was 5, a fat dude came in and got me, just remember swimming and going backwards until I couldn't stand, then I was just going to the bottom and bouncing up to get air but it was getting deeper and deeper, at some point I thought about giving up, felt like ages but was probably a couple of mins, the unnamed fat dude saved my butt ... thanks fat dude, my life of depression and loss has been worth it 👍
watching roanoke videos to fall asleep then suddenly hearing him diss one of my favorite snacks… moon pies are delicious
His childhood experience at that pier was a lost angler fish.
It is Cthulhu. The filmmakers confirmed it before the film was even released.
Badically Abyss mixed with Alien
28:48 there is merit to supernatural being less scary, HOWEVER Cthulhu is a literal GOD. I don’t think you need to be a person of faith to figure out how much more terrifying a god is if it is in front of you.
I've been watching all your videos and love them. Thanks for doing what you do
I was just minding my own business, sitting at my desk and then BAM! Hit in the back of the head. I look around and I see a light fading away down my hallway. Angler Fish, likely.
Them ain’t no water apes lmao that shit looks like an infection or a virus that mutated humans. Or magic from the bigger creature
I know I'm late to the party and all, but as a fun little aside to that intro, the whole 'hydrous ringwoodite in the mantle's transition zone' was announced in a research paper published in 'Nature'... in 2014 - so in fact, even from the point of view of this vid, it was not "brand new information" (0:53) 😅
This was secretly a H.P Lovecraft movie, the creatures are Deep Ones and the big one is Cthulhu himself. That's the explanation.
0:25 This is a joke right? Right?
0:25 Are you sure?
ringwoodite was found in 1969, also the way you word it makes it sound like ringwoodie hold 3X the ocean water, its the mantle transition zone, you never state this
13:50 I'm kinda surprised he didn't mention this thing's likeness to an embryo.
the movie seems to be doing the classic lovecraftian Cthulhu mythos with there being a cult of transformed former-humans bound to him. In lovecraft's stories we see Innsmouth and it's people but there are passing references to Devil's Reef off the coast and much much more alien looking beings being out in the ocean. The people of Innsmouth can be in town because they still look relatively human and as they age they become more aquatic. I think the movie is just showing how alien the final form of something connected to the eldritch horror would actually be.
22:51 Half-Life 3 confirmed!
17:40 The bottle opener doing it's thing on a Saturday night
Playing Subnautica for the first time while I am watching this... Now I REALLY wanna see you play it.
I really liked this movie.  The pacing was intense, and I felt that the characters were realistic: just people trying to survive and/or save each other/humanity.
These are fun videos, but that voice sounds so whiny
"It was grabbed and then ripped open" -by an angler fish
oil is produced from rocks that produce it from bacteria over time. it requires significant amounts of pressure to do so. an oil Field typically requires around 30 years per acre to replenish. if drilling is done wrong it breaks the pressure and makes the field non replenishing
About the strength of the suit to resist the pressure vs to resist a pulling force, don't forget that those are opposite forces, something that resists one does not necessarily resist the other.
20:54 speak for yourselves I have a well defined 30 pack
Amazingly, you look exactly like how I imagined you looking. Usually my inner image of what I think the face belonging to a voice looks like is completely wrong. But in this case, you actually look like how you sound!
Why do you hate the angler fish so much😭😭
I honestly thought I dreamt this creature in a nightmare
I wish I could negative subscribe from your channel with as much as you super annoyingly complain about Anglerfish every. chance. you. find.
I also have severe Thalassophobia and I was a Navy submariner but even I came to love this Subnautica game despite it’s scaring the living shit out of me for most of my play through. Get over yourself and do the game dude.
Blah blah blah to eldritch horror lore? Summed up the entire reason for me to not care about this video.
After a strong enough implosion, they’re usually is an explosion, look up the force of cavitation bubbles 8:41
Have you because your family wasn’t ocean fairing, they just use the ocean for what they wanted out of it😂😂😂😂
Putting an outro at 2 minutes in is probably not a good idea. I nearly left the video.
Been here for years and I love you Roanoke but the moonpie statement might be the end of this relationship 😅
I watched something about the kursk and in the physics aspect it said something along the lines of a rapid implosion ar that depth, the massive increase in the entirety of surrounding pressure is a large increase in the conditions that would cause the shock wave to carry more energy garther, and/or reverberate in its surroundings. Essentially the same reason sound travels much faster and is much louder makes any sort of compression wave carry more energy, especially prior to the pressure being equalized. So his suit imploding would almost definitely cause a powerful secondary wave traveling outward and throwing them out of the lock
How can there be a spider down there? Wouldn't that be like finding one on the ISS? Is there blood gases inside an insect?
Rodrigo did know the helmet was broken, there is a scene where he is inspecting them and you are given to wonder if he gives the broken one to Kstew. How did you miss that?
Idk man, we have a pretty good grasp on how light interacts with gas.
This man has an exceptional amount of beef with anglerfish (I don’t blame him)
A refreshing and entertaining channel. Well deserved sub
00:25 wtf are you talking about??? do you use msn news to get your info or you are just rtrdd?
We have to remember these are movies and these things do not exist.
Kristen Stuart's acting has just one emotion. Watch anything she is in and its just one expression, it's something like the look people have when a waiter brings you your meal and it looks like puke and think "I'm not eating that" or that look  teenage girls makes when boomers try to explain shit they could care less about.
Is this biology class
I have a similar story. When I was a little one, I decided to swim out pretty damn far from the beach. Just chilling treading water having fun until this MASSIVE burning sensation overcame my legs and groin area. I yelped, choked on water, and dragged myself back to shore. What I found looked like some kind of massive black trash bag wrapped around my lower half, after I peeled it off the burning pain persisted for a few days and eventually faded. Weirded me out though cause It left no cuts, bruises, or markings of any kind on me. It just burned like hell, and I never figured out what it was.
Subnautica please.
HP Lovecraft and Alastair Crowley both at sepearate times communicated with an entity who described and named chuthulu. They didnt even know eachother at those times. They later met, compared notes and diacovered this.
27:40 Y’know what else is..?
Hard disagree, cthulu theory is way cooler than the bullshit you came up with 😂😂😂
i live on a street with ur name bro ;-;
"Kirstin Stewart"
Very disappointed you kept calling them "underwater apes" and not "sea monkeys"
What is this show/movie name?????
I thought only vining plants have tendrils. When theyre on animals im pretty sure theyre called testacles
There will actually be a sort of "explosion" with the visor crack.  It will be an implosion at first, but the pressure trying to equalize will cause an undulating implosion/explosion until the pressure does equalize. So they would definitely at least be a little, be shot out of the air lock.  Quick death though.
Stevie Wonder is blind because he received too much oxygen at birth.
11:43 my brain feels seen
20:01 what that mouth do
Those damn angler fish 😭
The angler fish will never not be his funniest running joke😂.
Holy shit, Roanoke face!
I remember when this movie came out my husband paid for me to watch it before it was free just because I've been obsessed with the ocean since i was like 9 and encountered a manta ray jumping out of the water after a fish it was so fucking cool, and subnautica is one of my top 3 along with a game called 'Endless Ocean Blue World' on the wii so yeah, this movie was right up my alley 😅😅😅
I bet a grouper was checking you out.
Interesting note: Cthulhu/Dagon/Hydra was intelligent and possibly telepathic as it anticipated where Nora was going in the Roebuck Station and hit each tunnel way Nora tried to go down one or the other. It further demonstrates this in its attempt to escape after Nora thinks/says “You’ve got 60 secs”. His deployment of the Deep Ones to chase the pods also demonstrates this, as does his “squash you like a bug for shooting burning magnesium at me.”  And the Deep Ones do have eyes, otherwise light would not reflect off their retinas during the bridge scene at the Roebuck.   I believe that it is either Cthulhu, or as the director says one of his lessors Dagon or Hydra. BTW: Lovecraft really describes Cthulhu and most of his gods more as aliens. They are simply larger life forms we do not understand yet and can’t communicate with.  One interesting point: Captain Lucien has a drawing of Cthulhu (Lovecraft's original drawing of Cthulhu) in his locker on the Shepard station. So, yes, he knew what they were drilling for, and it wasn't oil or rare earth metals. I believe that Tian Industries is drilling for R'lyeh and the alien esoteric magic that is believed to be located there.
How did the creature… with its “big assin ass havin ass” get in that tunnel PHYSICALLY? If there was a breech in the tunnel big enough to let one in, at that depth THE WHOLE THING WOULD HAVE IMPLODED/BEEN FILLED.   Sheesh. Talk about a plot hole.
Cthulhu Understander versus "Jurassic era sympiotic Aquatic Apes that got trapped in the Hollow Earth found a giant thing I forgot to come up with an origin for" Mental Gymnast
1:09 Aaahhh the Black Blood of the Earth :)
Ok I'm not crazy I swear the first I watch this movie it had a completely different ending. It ended with main chick being the only one to make it to the pod  the station blows up and the shadow of Cathulu is seen and he's massive and didn't die.
Fun fact: The author doesn't believe in global warming. Dude don't be a hypocrite, just say what you think and withstand criticism. Even if it left you without a channel.
Bro got mugged by an angler fish or something. My boy is getting unfair representation!
Even on first viewing, the partially covered pentagram on the map in the captains locker jumped out at me. Makes me wonder if that's why he sent all the others in the pods before him,  resigned to his fate.
btw for them to have near human physiology their muscles would have density approaching lead :D
Director confirmed it is Cthulhu They have awakened the old sleeping god And the little critters are the ones who worship❤
So you won't try Subnautica with VR?
lol I listen to your vids while playing subnautica also quick tip if you don’t want shit your self while playing these type of games listen to something
Oh wow, your face looks exactly how I imagined it would! With so many creators it’s kinda jarring to see what they actually look like, but your voice’s vibe and your face’s vibe match perfectly if that makes sense. You love to see it
The director himself confirmed that the giant monster at the end of the movie is Cthulhu. Which makes the humanoid monsters Deep Ones.
15:40 I fucking love moon pies
I can't remember the last time I had a moon pie but I remember the last time I did, I bought it because I thought, "Moon Pie? I can't remember the last time I had one!"
LOVE THE VIDEO. But lemme give you some Lovecraft lore:  The creatures that they encounter are a few possible things. 1) they are deep ones. These can be humans who worshipped cthulhu and were changed into fishlike creatures, which would explain their humanlike characteristics. 2) they are starspawn aka Cthulhi. which are offspring. you mention some of his children but those are children with other great old ones. These would be more likely starspawn. There might be more, but these are the first that come to mind.  Why is this creature trapped? The lore goes that the sunken city of R'lyeh was once a great land mass that sunk when the stars werent right. "when the stars are right", it releases the city and cthulhu, this could be interpretted as when the time is right cthulhu is freed. but theres tons of speculation. So them drilling was the time when "the stars were right".  Cthulhu cant actually die. You can destroy his physical form, but hes a multidimensional creature, and exists beyond our regular 4 dimensions. Killing his physical body, is like ripping part of your nail off when biting them. its basically temporary and if he gains his full strength its just over for humanity.
Eminem was great in this movie
Why am I literally getting an ad every fucking minute? Other videos aren't like this. Fuck this shit.
Eldritch horrors are creatures that evolved beyond our comprehension in the deep space since the primordial ages of the universe, that is WAY scarier than anything that could be lurking under the sea. Also, the humanoid creatures are supposed to be Dagon.
The deep ones
Wait you have a face? You are not just a voice :0
roanoke made a critical mistake with this video, he put himself in front of a green screen, now we have the power to put him in any situation, like being surround by his life long nemisis, angler fish... perhaps 5 angler fish around him like a certain meme... *ahem* anyways, i really do hope im not too late with this idea *comments on a year old video*
The robux station where is it i want my robux
22:51 Coincidentally, last November, I had a VP Shunt installed in my brain, basically a pressure release valve for excessive CSF in my head. Pretty wild that this video came out two and a half weeks before that surgery.
Large monster is a reference to Cthulu, or more specifically and likely Dagon.   Fish people are related to Dagon in the shadow of innsmouth short story.  Also you said the larger creature lost it's legs, if you look carefully at the large Dagon creature, it has arms and webbed legs along with the giant tail.
Another movie about "Cthulhu" made by someone who never read "Call of Cthulhu" or ANYTHING else written by Lovecraft, and so they have no earthly goddamn clue who or what Cthulcu is, other than "Giant Octopus Head Monster". Fucking stupid.
You missed the possible male female versions of same species. Angler fish for example have much much smaller males.  Also perhaps an ant drone and queen situation.  Those are my preference over 2 different species.
Since i know that they used cadavers to test how different types of sports shoes perform on grass vs astroturf, i wonder if they really ripped heads off necks to get those numbers
what does activating your almonds mean???
supernatural eldritch horrors are cheap knock-offs of the real eldritch horrors in the real world.   People go to movies, books, tv etc to get away from the eldritch horrors in the real world which is why they get scared when the eldritch horrors  follow them into the movies
This poor fish dose not deserve the hate you give it 😂 it's ugly yes but that's why it lives soo deep. It knows it's ugly and hides away so you don't have to see it 😂😂😂
Request inbound...  The Chigs from Space above and Beyond. It's only 1 season long and can be found uploaded on youtube. If you have not seen it before.
"anglerfish"
I only watched this movie recently. It’s not a bad movie.
the creatures do have eyes, you and see the light refleked off their eyes when nora and emily are trying to get through the sleeping creatures
Giraffes can reach 18 feet too so we do know creatures as big as the adult monster
I think this movie would have been better as a Soma retelling. They had the whole set up for it.
I had an incredibly similar experience to your pier story, only it was in a lake and was likely a sunfish. Yes, I’m a bitch.
I love the ocean :D
you cant open the door from the inside cause thats where they lock the naughty people
37:53  Uh...no.  The company is ran by Cthulhu Cultists and well...the big boi is Cthulhu himself.  Who they wanted to wake up.
28:56   You then don't get the point of Lovecraftian fiction.  It's not "magic."  It's more akin to Clarktech.  It is something so advanced we can't understand it.  Asking a modern "scientist" to make sense of it would be akin to asking a alchemist to do gene therapy or build an 1945 A-Bomb.  It's not going to work.  They don't know enough to do it.
"The person who created these suits was kind of an idiot." Honestly, to me it smacks of lowest bidder contracting. Corners were indeed cut. I get the need to save money, but there are times when you need to John Hammond things. Spare no expense. Lowest bidder is too often a recipe for disaster.
Me: Buys moon cake for nostalgia forgetting what they were. Me: takes a bit and realizes it's a dry cake with marshmallow and throws box away. My friend: what we learn? Me: nostalgia is BS
To be fair on the Cthulu offspring's names, you're not really SUPPOSED to be able to pronounce them with a human tongue, so well done all things considered
I liked the brain facts
You know how whales were land mammals that then evolved to go back into the ocean because land was cringe?  Imagine sea monkeys except they actually were related to monkeys.
The average oil industry worker experience.
When will RG learn that there are creatures far more fearsome than the angler fish.  There's always a bigger fish.
I heard that oil isn't actually dinosaurs, but a substance produced by a long extinct species of algae. And even if we could make it, it takes a lot of the right environmental factors and millions of years.
I just wanted to watch a review for this movie with maybe some behind the scenes images of the creatures I haven’t seen before, but you are so well spoken  I am also fascinated by the human body, so learning about how the brain works when adrenaline is in full force and how strong the human neck is was just awesome. Very interesting stuff!
I like the idea that both are true—chuthulu being based off of a real creature   Some of the more supernatural stuff isn’t real (added flair to verbal story telling), but the base facts are true
Vincent Cassel is so badass in this movie, I love him
Trust me roanoke, subnautica is a great game, i suffer from that same anxiety but it's great
It's OK,  angler fish are very rare, and most things in ocean aren't looking to eat you, most things😂
Then damn angler fish 😂
Looks like it's up to the patrons to force him to play subnautica
If you know anything about the lore of Cthulu you will see easter eggs to the rituals to Cthulu on the ship. Also, the writer, directors said it is indeed Cthulu. But, i imagine you know this already and are just trying to get people to comment. It worked, nice job and nice job on the video.
What is supernatural about Lovecraft? His horror was primordial and/or extraterrestrial in origin not supernatural. Even the alchemy of Joseph Curwen was based on medieval "science", lol...
It's clearly a Deep One
The movie seem great but kinda sad and a waste that it ended so quickly without using more than 1% of the potential that eldritch horror have . Also im not sure about the epicness of this CTHULHU design too but it's okay. I really hope they make sequels tho and that they improve on the first one !
WOW what an L take and shit attitude to be like "duuh ewww fiction is boring ewww surnatural is bad" like are you fking serious bro ? Also you are an angler fish stalker so that's another L . You psycho ! Idk why you would do that to yourself when you make such great and interesting content tho , also there is being rationnal and wanting to be rationnal nto good to force it. (not shaming your exercise of thoughts to try to find how these creatures works or how they could exist in our worlds im talking about rejecting things that "arent real" )
Play more subnautica it could help with your fear tbh or maybe more chill and scenery and contemplative type of water games like "abyss" i think , first and then subnautica second , also watching some video like for spiders for exemple that explain it and doesn't demonised it im sure there is alot of them like for spiders
LMAOOOO gets oceangated immediatley that was a good one
Reminds me of the Moon Lord from Terraria... which is based off of Cthulu😅
1:34 droppin a duce...thats what her perma expression is.  What a horrible choice for the lead.
Could the species be a shoggoth?
Holy yap.
I expected you to have glasses like a total nerd
At the moment I have 129K gems and 25 rainbow tickets, as for golden tickets, I have 680. I hope I have enough to last me until the end of the year.
Very Lovecraft in theme and monster. The Deep Ones.
Nothing to explain, its fake.
I eat Moon Pies & they're good.
Subnautica will always be terrifying
The only problem with this movie, was the hero of the movie is so lame
25:30 who is creey guy with weird eyes? I remember seeing a video of him looking at a woman running by him in a park and she screams in fear. His eyes are super intense and so white they practically glow.
Cthulhu and the Deep Ones - worshippers of Cthulhu
I have this theory that its genetic modification, and they oil drill, while real, was actually just a decoy to hide what they were really doing down there, how exactly they made the leviethan idk, but it would explain how and why the deep sea creature reasemble people, and perhaps they were doing this to try and make a worker race to drill the oil without needing suits or even the base at all
I never liked Kristen Stewart as an actress but I believe her "lack of emotional acting range" played to her favor in this one. In that line of work, in that work environment, in that disastrous situation, it pays to not be controlled by your emotions, and to maintain a calm and level head, which she did throughout most of the movie.
I loved this movie it was so lovecraftian I loved it also the fact I have a use phobia of the deep ocean this was a perfect horror movie for me XD
Would just like to say Kristen Stewart isn't that bad an actress, Twilight was just THAT bad. Anything else she's been in she's done pretty well.
I like that in this movie the humans could fight back and actually do damage to the creatures as oppose to all of the other movies such as Alien or a quiet place where they make the creatures basically invincible
You should try sleeping with a fan at night. Helps block out that ringing.
He really just compare a colossal squid to a big dog? 🤦🏽‍♂️ Colossal squids—as far as we know—can get up to 46ft…
"It's a magical liopleurodon, it's gonna show us the way"  -Aquatic Apes
CTHULHU isn't aquatic far from it despite its mouth tentacles. It has wings to fly and is trapped in the oceans as a prison.
Once adjusted to a higher oxygen content could allow us to be super human. Protected from diseases but with a shortened life but burning brighter.
Obviously nickel and dimed to "save money" leaving you in deep  shit.
Pretty sure that anglerfish buy Moonpies. The more you know 🤚🌈🖐
What if the hollow earth theory is somehow related? These creatures were not originally in the big ocean, but underneath right? They also have amphibious qualities as well which may have developed after years of traversing and hunting in the hollow earth?
God dam anger fish always messing stuff up
Bro put in the squid and not the angler fish
This guy really hates anglerfish😂
Does it leak pressure or does pressure flow in ... Come on, I know you know this, what's higher pressure, in your suit, or in the deep ocean?
5 pounds more tensile strength on those bvds and that nerd’s neck would snap.
Destiny already swallows me whole, so no thanks.
6:47   I was joking with my boyfriend about how this was just Riddick, but underwater and then as if I planned it, they said, "pitch black" and it was *hilarious*    This movie was cool, but I did forget there was a smaller monster. I only remember the cthulu lol
Didnt know you were sexy poppa my bad.
Flipped footage is so fkn annoying. I don't even want to watch this.
I loved this movie, I would appreciate a sequel.
18:40  False.   She was not referring directly to the monsters, nor speaking 100% literally. She was referring to the ocean/mother nature and was stating that they had no business being down there messing with mother nature. It seemed more of a spiritual standpoint and an example of sin and punishment.
Bro calls Cthulhu boring and thinks this creature is possible, what a complete moron
15:28 this is hilarious to me because I actually kind of like moon pies and have bought them from the dollar store and even places like Home Depot and Sutherland 🤣🤣🤣🤣
The outfit/armor that is worn in this movie looks like the gears armor from gears of war.
New movie idea  You've heard of the meg well get ready for  "The Ang"  lol  Roanokes def having nightmares with that one
3:17 It was probably a shark, but recent research has shown that there's nothing to worry about.Turns out that every time you go to the beach there's a very high likelihood there's at least several sharks in the shallows looking for crustaceans and smaller fish. They don't consider you prey. Even small children aren't recognized as prey as their size isn't a determining factor in what sharks want to eat. Simply put; we don't smell like food to sharks.  Most shark attacks seem to be an expression of territory enforcement or annoyance and happen in deeper water (near the surface in at least 20 meters). BUT there have been a couple of known cases, like the school kid that jumped off some sort of tourism vessel about 5 years ago. No one is sure what happened (it was at night with very poor lighting), but it does appear to be a case of shark attack. Couple of things about that though: the sharks follow the boat as they've learned that tourists will throw food in the water, and this was deeper water a few hundred meters offshore, but in about 30 meter deep water in known Tiger shark territory (there are a few sharks that are more aggressive already, like Tiger sharks).  Just a series of least optimal conditions mixed with one really bad decision. Don't be stupid and you'll be fine.
I love moon pies!! Maybe my sibling and I are the only thing funding that company…🧐
Internet historian mentioned 🗣
“I’m blowing up any day now” 😂
Ronoke, my boy what is magic if not scientific phenomenon science haven't explained yet?  And I mean it in a sincerest way- a lot took cobalt poisoning as a magic trick done by evil spirits as example.
bro, play Subnautica, fun of it is, analazing the creatures and finding your way around, while being brave and discover new remote places.
Thank you for always adding heathen units.
I buy my whole famliy freaking love moon pies epsically the bananananana ones
Dang anglerfish
Plz do ark
cthulhu is NOT dead
While I did enjoy the video and also like the scientific approach the channel takes, I do believe that I heard this was supposed to be a Lovecraftian inspired story.  The leviathan is supposed to be C'thulu, and the company involved is a cult who had set up drilling specifically to try and wake him up so that he and the Old Ones would return.  Still enjoyed the video and thanks for all the hard work that y'all do.  (comment to try to help support the channel.)
please I'm begging you analyze the mist!! you are  just dangling it in front of our faces with those clips
It's CLEARLY Cthulu, lol
15:43 I loooooove moon pies! But I can only rlly buy them online because almost ALL the stores around me only sell the dumb banana moon pies! I don’t want banana moon pies!!!!!!
I’m 99% sure this is where Still Wakes the Deep got its inspiration from.
The angler fish slander is hilarious
“I’m 38 I can explode at any time” :Roanoke tales the funniest line I’ve heard in a while 😂😂😂
Vore fish?!?!?!?!?!!??!?!???!!!!?
Bruh you should look into the Metroid series! There's tons of shit in there that would be fascinating to have picked apart
4:04 I literally remember watching this when I was a kid. Never understood much but I still remember the End of the Movie so spoilers for me.
i am getting the sense Roanoke does not like anglerfish
We actually do know where oil comes from and we do know what pollution and greenhouse gases to do the earth/atmosphere. You can't just say people don't know 😭. Well, you can, but you're just flat wrong
when I was in my twenties I consumed quite a few moon pies.  Banana was the preferred favorite.
"You break our toys, we break your species." -Roanoke on Humans.
I'm pretty sure implosions at that depth lack an expansive element, any concusion would compound the crushing pressure not repell persons in water, but as you initially stated should simply be a implosion, guy's suit looses integrit and he is crushed some air would obviously escape but the air in his suit is actually a negative pressure vs the water outside his suit.  To give you a sense of how things work down their air bubbles in the water column are actually smaller and move slower because of the pressure.  Atmospheric pressure at that depth is a whole different monster, things don't work the way we think they do commonly.  Basically like the opposite of space suites, where the vaccum is on the exterior, rather at that depth the contents of the suit are the void.
ive seen a few mention it but it was confirmed this was about cthulhu
It’s crazy how few decent lovecraftian movies and shows we’ve ever gotten… even fewer are decent quality! It’s such a goldmine of horror and cool ideas to use and yet there’s less than a handful of decent ones… Lovecraft Country is great, Color out of Space is good, this movie looks pretty decent… (haven’t seen it so I can’t say.) The Mist, Annihilation, The Void, The Endless and the classic Event Horizon are the ones I can think of as decent examples.  Lovecraftian/Cosmic Horror and weird existential dread type stuff is so cool! I’d love to see a bit more of that kind of thing.
21:30 elite preferred species
I love how you keep throwing shade to the Angler Fish!!😂
I'm about to have an implosive release of pressure if you know what I mean
The Deep Ones. Big boy is either Dagon or Great Cthulhu.
17:25 the math jumpscare was the scariest thing in the video imo
You can see that the creatures have eyes dude
It's way more plausible they it's a cast variation.  Sad that you keep defaulting to aquatic apes.
"Hitting a pocket deep in the crust" sounds like a euphemism
What do the leviathan and the humanoid creatures look so similar. TOO SIMILIAR
Just throwing out there... it could be like a queen bee and drones.  The big mama lays all the eggs, and the smaller ones are just drones (males), which take care of the big leviathan.  Given the leviathan sized mama looks pretty slow, and prob requires an immense amount of nutrients, food is likely supplied to her vs she hunting for food on her own.  While we don't see such activity in the oceans... but it's common with insects like bees, wasps, ants, termites, etc.
As much of a chuckle as I had about comparing the colossal squid to the anglerfish... Honestly, I had no idea about how big they could get. So no, you're absolutely right. I don't care that the colossal squid is 10x the size, 3 feet is too much for those monstrosities.
The scene where the guy implodes in Underwater was absolutely legendary -- too bad the rest of the movie was a let down.
If you ever try a moon pie, get banana
8:25 "ocean gated" my lord! that phrase was savage, i can't stop laughing xD
i think this guy doesn’t like angler fish all that much 🤔
So we just not gonna talk about how at 24:11 that is just the Boltok Pistol from GoW???
I’ve 100%ed subnautica 2 times its not that scary just do it
Why does this remind me of both ‘Subnatica’ as well as ‘Still Wakes The Deep’? Absolutely terrifying
For my tinnitus I use bone-induction headphones. Find a good comfy pair for sleeping and white noise is easy
i like how in your title the first letter of each word that explains the creatures spells out BS BODS
“The angler fish planted the recoding” This man’s hatred for the angler fish has no end
Thats a Mindflayer
Lost it when you kept saying “angler fish” and broke character at 12:00
There is nothing plausible about it being “natural”.  There is no known organism that it could have descended from.  The aquatic ape theory has long been debunked, look it up.  There is no way for any tetrapod such as a human to “redevelop” gills and fishlike characteristics, tentacles, etc.  ALL tetrapods that returned to the water (and has happened dozens of times, maybe more - plesiosaurs, mosasaurs, ichthyosaurs, whales, seals, etc etc) ALL have lungs and breathe air.  It’s not possible to revert back to gills.  Therefore the things must be some kind of supernatural or mythical beings, as no other possibility exists.  Or else genetic  experiments of aliens, that also works.
No, the colossal squid was NOT dismissed until it was caught on camera.  It’s existence from dead specimens and even a few dying ones has been scientifically confirmed for decades (Mesonychoteuthis hamiltoni).  You can search YouTube videos of dissections of dead ones.    Also, the squid caught on camera in a manned deep sea submersible (and by camera traps) was NOT rhe colossal squid, it was the giant squid (Architeuthis dux).  Its existence was ALSO never in question due to dead specimens (more dissections can be seen on YouTube).
The implosion could have caused that explosion. When air is compressed extremely fast it goes through Adiabatic Compression and can ignite. Thats actually how diesel engines work
Cthulu
Order of Dagon
I would honestly commit self past tense the second I saw the tiny version having tiny little hands and relatively large head cuz boi I'm not gunna survive this anyway I'm not letting my last moments be a full length horror movie to hell with that.
If no to subnautica...can we get a video on Soma?
Theres some information in the first two minutes that I’d like to clarify.   First, ringwoodite was discovered in 2014 and a deep later of it was discovered some time later, but samples of it are extremely rare and difficult to obtain. One sample was found in Brazil and contained water in a fourth state of matter (not liquid, gas, or solid), a kind of molecular crystal.   Based on that sample and some synthetic ringwoodite that researchers have created in perfect laboratory conditions, it is THEORISED to be capable of holding 3x the water in the oceans, but there is no way to currently prove that it does contain that much right now, and no guarantee that it all holds as much molecular water as was found in that one sample.   Second, we can determine what oil and other fossil fuels came from by analysing the fossil record of where the oil was extracted. Oil, coal and natural gas are the results of dead plants AND animals from millions of years ago, and that does include BOTH marine plants and animals, and dinosaurs. It is not a myth that fossil fuels come from dinosaurs, just that ALL fossil fuels come from dinosaurs.   No shade to you Roanoke, I love your vids I just feel like with how much everything is being questioned in the world lately, its important to be accurate and accountable when we can. Much love.   Sources:   https://theticker.org/14058/science/body-of-ringwoodite-water-found-under-earths-surface/#:~:text=Northwestern%20geophysicist%20Steve%20Jacobsen%20has,our%20oceans%20combined%20three%2Dfold.  https://ocean.si.edu/conservation/gulf-oil-spill/what-are-fossil-fuels#:~:text=Fossil%20fuels%20are%20compound%20mixtures,and%20the%20amount%20of%20pressure.
Dude it is supernatural it is Cthulhus brother
The south. That's how moon pie stays in business
No, a megalodon, mosasaur or liopleurodon could not have lived in deep water sockets things. First of all, mosasaurs and liopleurodons are reptiles and must thus go to the surface to breath and second, megalodon being sharks they don't go too deep and don't like cold water. There could be giant anglerfish tho.
Except there is a brief glimpse of cthulhu so yeah....science can suck it. Still fun to watch
The director of the movie confirmed that the giant sea monster was in fact Chthulu.
This would be the perfect survival horror game theme!
I will not tolerate this angler fish slander!
I don't know why but your mispronunciation of Cthulu's name irritates me to no end. it's pronounced cuh-THU-lu.
Sir please cease and desist the Anglerfish slander.
In what world were you told oil cones from dinosaurs??? Charcoal is dead trees petroleum of the fossil type comes from zooplankton and algae. This is accepted science, it is not in doubt. Abiogenic petroleum was an unproven theory by 1 person and is contradicted by geological evidence. Although abiogenic petroleum does exist it is in small quantities not viable for extraction.
Hyperoxia is what you mean, hypoxia is low blood o2
I thought we figured out oil was a biproduct of bacteria being unable to feed on wood at the time.  And the reason there will be no more oil is that bacteria evolved so now it can feed on wood..... I could have sworn I even heard that on this channel...  weird.  Anyway, the only way we might get new oil would be from landfills millions of years from now.  Take that recycling you fowl temptress!
Why make over half an hour videos ?
I definitely wanted a different more cosmic horror ending, where in a mirror to the intro where the protagonist saved the spider, the Cthulhu creature lifted a possibly broken pod to the surface, highlighting the scale of what we are compared to them. Tiny little beings inhabiting their world.
Duuuuuude this was such an awesome video thank you!
Go into the water. Live there and die there. Lungs transform to take in water...
Getting high while diving is caused by nitrogen narcosis.  It has similar effects to nitrous oxide aka laughing gas.
you prob cant access the door from the inside because of the threat of a hull breach from the inside of that pod...
I was today years old when I learned that I'm older than Roanoke.
Rod knew about the crack in the helmet  it's shown when he examines it and gives her another helmet instead of the cracked one
Strongly suggest the game Barotrauma, very immersive and atmospheric submarine simulater where you try to survive in alien deepsea
dayum, this guy really hate those angler fish
Moon pies are delicious, that’s how
3:08 My 32nd birthday is in roughly three weeks and I find this timing hilarious
This movie felt like alien 1 but under the sea. And also the tension begins 5 minutes into the movie instead of 15.
8:33 gets oceangated, dayum lmfaoooooo
Dude what’s your deal with the anglerfish 😂?
27:20 The solution to vore....     The fuck you mean they got stronger skin and flesh? Scales? Why is this an actual threat that needs the military?!
kris ten not kirs ten
I just assumed that the explosion at 8:30 was whatever power-source those suits have getting smashed and discharging.
E-710🗿
Just gonna say if the bunny died........it could of rought doom and destruction.
Lol the angler fish is a rainbow of ugly and so I second the slander of the terrible ugly creature
“The company will clearly put up countermeasures” Guy must know nothing about companies lol, especially oil and fossil fuel ones because they are MORE than happy to let people die if it means saving up a bit of money or milking aid funds from governments due to colossal station failures like that. Company would more than likely do nothing or give the tiniest amount of aid as preparing countermeasures for something of that size would 100% draw attention from the wider public or cause a whistle blower to expose the reality of it all
That scene at the end of this video with the crew on a spaceship that looks like a submersible, reminded me instantly of Titan AE,  now I want to watch it!
This reminds me of that liminal pools mod for minecraft
I mean... they are all cosmic lovecraftian monsters, so it is completely pointless to try to make sense of it, it won't
Not going to lie I am 80% shere I will only last to my 30s to 40s...I do not trust my survivability. But if a entity lived in space wouldn't it take a jellyfish like body.🤔 ps I never herd of moon pie.
I’m right there with you on the thalassophobia man. Absolutely hell no thank you to any water too deep or too dirty for me to see my feet.
The suits sucking were obviously because they werer all meant to die anyway. Also can't remember if it was mentioned but these suits have very low oxygen times. What the normal time a scuba tank can last? Or is the low time because they can't put that much air in a tank when they are that low?
I am also very bad with the water. Back when I was younger I rented out Jaw Unleashed(Man that was back when blockbuster existed) there was a mission hwere you had to go deep to a mining drill, but I kinda was too scared at the time to do it..... Ok being a shark and shit, but going too depp? No way. I signed up to eat people, not go deep under water just to reach a hatch opening.
I also like the gears 5 scene. Like the detail of her suit lights flashing on and off. If you got a second player they also experience as either JD or Del.
Pretty sure an Angler Fish killed his parents, just like what happened with mine... Never underestimate the Angler Fish.
Since earth mantle is roughly composed of about 40% water, volcanos provided it and they still do.
Subnautica!
I am saddened to hear that you will not cover Subnautica, it is such a great video game.
2:18 Good for Kier-Sten Stewart. I wonder what previous projects they've been in? Any TV shows, films, video game voice work... Anything?    On an unrelated note, I wonder whatever happened to Kristen Stewart? Did she ever do anything before or after Twilight?
It's actually Cthulhu
Why does this movie look like a game cutscene? Am I going crazy?!
lol I love this guy….is Roanoke a crackhead? Yes!
The giant size leviathan kinda looks like the one from Subnatica
I just skipped the math part 😅
Subnautica in VR would be a nightmare
The plot of this sounds suspiciously like the plot of The Meg 2.
Moral of the story: fuck the ocean. We don't have flippers... We have feet
It’s a leoplurodon charlie, a magical leoplurodon
This movie wasn't as bad as what some of the critics were saying. It had some tense moments, good scares, creepy monsters, and a cool location. I honestly enjoyed it.
I’d rocky 4 that angler feesh
27:07 If you listen you can hear a cell phone ring
FYI about the narrators shallow water experience 😂  Ive had the same thing happen to me a few times now. Scares the shit outta me every time. Its Skates, which are top water/ shallow stingrays.   Theyre much larger than you'd guess, and you'll hardly get a look because they're out of sight in 2 seconds.    We were walking in shin deep water years ago, my dad, me , and my brother's in more or less a single file line. Suddenly my dad, on one leg, is pretty violently jerked to rhe right probably 2 or 3 foot. It looked like jaws but in shin deep water 😂😂😂😂. He had stepped on one and rode it a couple feet before his foot slipped off. He's lucky we were already wet because im sure he peed a little 😂
I always thought this movie was very lovecraft in design
these suits the monsters and her bolt gun later in the mvoie gives me warhammer 40k vibes first time i watched it
Pretty sure the explosion that happens when Rodrigo suit malfunctions comes from the energy core exploding from being crushed by the suit imploding.
Atleast they weren’t body swallowing angler fish
Besides blowing up the leviathan she could have straddled Nora.
Well in the Call of Cthulhu world and lore Cthulhu has a race of fishmen who serve and worship him. The 2 eldest members are Hydra and Dagon, both in the massive size category dwarfing humans with their colosal size but the fishmen continue growing through their entire lives and Dagon and Hydra are the eldest members of this species. The species can also interbreed with human producing hybrids that as they age end up having to join their aqautic forebears in the worlds oceans.
I can’t tell if the rock type in the beginning is real or not and I’m too lazy right now to not searching it up.
Listen man, I did not need the existential crisis in my mind right now that is ringwoodite what in the hell how even
to the implosion bit, an implosion compresses material, which then decompresses again. when destroying an old vacuum tube television you can see the same thing happening, first it implodes, then it explodes as the compressed material decompresses again. same thing with supernovas. a star collapses, then violently explodes.  idk how well that would work under so much pressure in the deep sea though
Point of order I propose we change magnetars names to Lisas or Lisars.   As the magnetic parts of our composition is attracted such as hemoglobin having iron torn away, and the dielectric parts of us are repelled, like water and what not, we can then say "you're tearing me apart, lisa"
While I enjoy your attempts at analyzing the scientific plausibility of things, this film is clearly rooted in the supernatural. And to some that is more horrifying. Things which cannot be explained is the root of cosmic horror.   I'd like to see you try and come up with plausible explanations for the film The Color out of Space.
At least you made this video (praising Internet Historian) before it was proven he shamelessly plagiarized someone else's content and then tried to cover it up.
I am pretty sure the creatures have eyes. You can see them reflecting light around 27:18.
Hmmmm, almost the theme of “still wakes the deep”
"Chemo-electric anxiety meat." Now you're talking.
When I was like 15/17 my friend and mines families were out craving in the Puget Sound in like 98 degree weather, we jumped in the water to cool off, few minutes of splashing around and fun and all of a sudden I felt something touch my foot. For all I know it was a piece of kelp, didn’t matter though cuz every great receptor in my body got turned up to 11 and I basically ran on water to get back in the boat lol. Yeah that’s some real terror that sticks with you 😂
Roanoke has a vendetta against anglerfish
Missed a great opportunity to put the liopleurodon on screen from Charlie the unicorn when you said liopleurodon😂😂😂
I have always wondered why suits cant asbord or filter oxygen out of the air to refill🤔 it would definitely help out in air pockets.
What about the lower spine?  When i hang from a bar i always feel my lower bacl reach a point where if i relax and let it hang 100% its going to sever and ill get paralysed 💀. Can our lower spine manage to hold the weight of our lower body?  Say 50kgs
Great movie. Very underrated. One of 2 movies i actually liked with stewart in. The other being the runaways.
So what i learned is, is that by going to space, i will destroy my physical form in turn for staving off death, sounds like a good trade
heathen, he pronounced our masters name wrong at 28:20
The suits from this movie, especially the Yellow version, look so damn cool.
I love moon pies! And  if I still ate sugar they would be in my house right now. LOL. It sounds like you're just kind of stealing the rant that Bellucci had in that movie he was in with John Ritter where they were like a Men In Black prototype with the ballpoint pen technology that you could Hammer through a baseball and then it would also fly into the air. Only in reverse, cuz Belushi also loved moon pies.  What was that movie called? Real Men, or something like that.... you should do that movie
whats bros beef w angler fish 😭🙏 ALSO LAST I SAW YOU YOU HAD LIKE 25K AND THEN 100K ONE MILLION IS INSANE
I rather implode then deal with the monster
It’s so weird look back on this episode now, and to realize that this might be the beginning of Roanoke’s epic rivalry with the anglerfish.
CTHULHU IN A MODERN MOVIE
6:29 well a research assistant could be a highly qualified and established individual in their field working for full pay and benes, where an intern is not.
Just came from Still Wakes the Deep and I enjoy the angler jokes ....great stuff!
Should look up the dolphin bell incident, shows how bad pressurisation accidents can be.
“things that could exist in reality are much scarier” man have you heard of something called religion lmao scares more people than anything
This movie had so much potential. I was really looking forward to a good creature feature. I mean they had the budget, they could have made something amazing. We still remember the Abyss to this day, you know.
So, a bit late but about the suit implosion.  Yes, there would be an initial implosion, but then due to currents and forces interacting, there would be an equal explosion, though much more violent. Like, everyone should have died violent. To give an example when Oceangate went up anything within about 30ft was soup, and anything further would have been injured.
She will never be a good actress.
Oil is made from organic and inorganic chemicals reacting under pressure and heat. Maybe some hydrocarbons can form inorganically, but crude oil specifically requires organics.
You always find new ways to give exetensial crisis. Now with you start decorating at 28 lol.
I think the only reason why I like this movie is because of Cthulhu being in it but I hate how they didnt portray him how he actually is I wish there were vocal hallucinations, people going insane and more accurate lore thank goodness we're getting a Call of Cthulhu movie
Most likely not comets, but our planet collided with a water planet fusing together & the debris that didn't creating the asteroid belt😉
Very deep in the Earth are fresh water oceans 3x's more than all oceans on surface.
Politics are lies always. That's why they call them "fossil fuels". More language and narrative control. There's no such thing as a "fossil fuel".
Haven't looked too deep, pun intended, but have you covered "the meg" with Jason Statham?
they look like  aliens from space
I'd like you to know that Angler Fish are pretty much harmless to us.
"Break our toys, break your species" sounds like something a spartan would say in Halo
Crazy no one said sea monkeys
Those suits look like power armour(also thanks Amazon for making fallout popular)
"And walk the abysmal depths" I mentally corrected this to abyssal for a sec, but I feel like it still works, just not as intended.
“Any problem? “ “Anglerfish”
Tinnitus is not louder at night. Tinnitus is the same vol always. There is less ambience at night,  so  it's easier to hear
37:58 Doom Reference
I refuse to watch this bc Stewart’s woke ass is in it
No one said oil came from disastrous  that is what people assumed when they "nicknamed it" fossil fuel it takes far longer to occur then fossils. It is prehistoric plant life and other life mainly flura  before decay was easy fibers plants used to take 1000s of years to decay they would get barried by other plants over ears over and over and over time through pressure it would sythisise into crude oil
The infection would have ended it or us.😅
Lesbian girl boss without boobs in bikini simulator.
I hate water to men it’s not just you deep water I mean
They're Atlanteans...we found Atlanteans in this movie!
Just a thought about that headline at the end: it's possible that the initial wave of escape pods survived, but that at least a day had passed before the last two. With the facility having a complete structural failure, everyone not on board the first set of pods would be presumed dead. That two more launched later would be separately reported.
probably a lemon shark they are super nice when introduced to humans a lot i want to eat the bone marrow from on of their vertebrae its probably good for soup id say use their L6 vertebrae because itll have a good amount they should be very bad sighted creatures as most of them are curious with lights at depths like this id go as far as saying they might be blind and use something to sense whats around them such as all of those tendrils and it seems very likely because they didnt immediately go for the old weak spots and had to search for them 28:58 yea you are going to butcher all the name because you are saying cthulu like ctulu
Bro has something against angler fish 💀
My Gf cheated on me, it was probably that angler fish.
This is the most Anglerfish video ever. Someone should do a super-cut of Roanoke's anglerfish hate.
I'm not sure if i commented this already so here i go: I absolutely love how you hate the shit out of anglerfish :D
Evolution doesn't exist period.
Moon Pies sell like crazy during Mardi Gras, so that's how they stay afloat. Also they are just delicious so idk man. I buy them
Venom ad 🔥
Omg u do NOT look like what I imagined you to be. Not good not bad not compliment not putting you down. I mean you’re cute but that’s besides what I just said
Thats not fair tobl concordia captain... he "fell into the life boat"... lol.. such a dumb excuse
love that this movie basically has power armour, also Kristian Stewart wasn't bad in this.
This movie caused me to experience the Uncanny Valley for the first time.
I know that your playing up the scare factor of the deep and are legitimately afraid of the ocean but my guy angler fish are like the size of a football they ain't gonna kill you
Do Godzilla Minus 1
Imma be real with you Roanoke. I love you—but I really hate that comment you said about what happens at 28. 😢
That girl feeling "high" has nothing to do with oxygen (too much or too little). It has everything to do with nitrogen. AKA nitrogen narcosis. At greater depths you can breath an oxygen/helium mix to mitigate this. But at even greater depths, even helium becomes toxic. Either way, it's not the oxygen's fault, it's the other gasses fault.
Man those suits look like Gears armor
dude, wtf is anything you say sometimes.
so. kinda late to this one but gonna say it, the implosiosion is yes a bunch of pressure forcing its way in all at once. but kind of like an explosion going out and then the water forcing the bubble to close rapidly (like a gun shot in the water or a close up of snapping shrimp hitting a crab or something) the force of the sudden implosion would have to expell outwards, so its not rly an explosion but more of an aftershock wave of the water trying to equalize itself again.
Literal "sea monkeys"
The director has literally said that it was Cthulhu that was the giant creature she saw towards the end.
Love this movie, its lovecraft inspiration being front and center was great
just a small note: cthulhu is technically not supernatural, he's just from a different dimension so his physics are different. still kinda a copout, but in his defense, Lovecraft was in no way a physicist. But, assuming this is actually cthulhu, that means that the little ones are his children, and they're not only intelligent, but actively racist. Fun!
So you’re telling me they have oil?
Dude if you did a supercut of video game disasters/storylines predicated on a complete disregard of OSHA/NIH regulations I BET you could workout a way to get someone like @PlainlyDifficult to do a guest appearance...
This video has Existential Dread like an onion has layers
TJ MILLER BACK??   Yes submautica is anxiety inducing off the BAT.  I auto swap and alt tabbed on accident, came back and was at the edge of the world so far that I couldn’t even do anything but start over.  Oh and giant monster fish fought eachother all around me — I looked underwater and ALT f4’d !!!
2:36 "deep sea gigantism" are you aware  of the creatures that live in the deep sea. Do you realize almost all are less than one meter long
This movie was the opportunity he was waiting for to let loose on the angler fish hate😂😂😂
just turned 28 today thanks man
Aquatic ape is debunked
Sorry to dissapoint but it's in fact Cthulhu and Deep Ones, both as alluded to in the end-credit scenes but also confirmed by the team behind the movie. Great flick though, I for one enjoyed the Cthulhu twist.
About suit v0re and intelligence - maybe the creatures have no idea what those suits are. Doesn't seem like they use clothes... maybe a plot hole in this case tho idk
So it’s under water “I am legend” I haven’t seen this movie so is that a fair comparison?
Seems natural to me. Usually lovecraftian monsters are like beyond human comprehension and drive people mad just looking at them but that doesn’t happen in the movie and no one seems to be worshipping it, under it’s influence or anything like that.
The answer is chthulu only in that it’s what we call the gargantuan creature. But I think the point was to make it speculative biology instead of supernatural cosmic horror.
It can't be Cthulhu - none of the characters went insane. The producers just say it's Cthulhu as a cheap marketing mechanism.
subnautica isnt a horror game though? its just a vibin survival game how could it scare you
Also, you might like the movie Europa Report
Talking about how theres features youd change because things dont make sense or arent safe....most industrial accidents are because companies didnt do common sense checking before making something standard. The Byford Dolphin Incident is a famous one. A less known one that always comes to mind for me, is when a man was incinerated (alive) in a giant industrial oven used for hardening plastic canoes, because there was no way to open the door from the inside of this room sized oven if it accidentally closed on someone without anyone to witness. After the man was killed, the manufacturer of the ovens added an escape hatch, warning lights about opening and closing doors, and a way to open the main door from the inside.  Also, a lot of radiological incidents (such as facilities that use radiation to sterilize equipment) happen because installers never think "maybe we should add thick enough walls, doors, lights to indicate open doors, intercoms inside the rooms, and safety features what will prevent radiation from being emitted if the doors are open."  And then people die and international investigators find out, THEN safety features are added.
Do jeepers creepers please I need your scientific input.
after watching this you have allowed me to blame every inconvenience in my life on a angler fish, ty
Almond activating ?
WHAT DO YOU HAVE AGAINST ANGLERFISH?!
TJ Miller, the stand-up comic, is such an underrated actor.
It's sounds like subnautica background music
Fun fact: Implosions DO actually create a small blast wave after their collapse, and can often trigger a second implosion if the shockwave creates enough of a second vacuum.
I love your longer videos I think they're wonderful and I love watching them❤❤😊
i did not think this was a movie for a second
If they advertise this is based on lovecraft works it would have done better!
The ringwoodite was new to me. Your channel is informative.
I also have that fear of deep dark ocean water, but i recently got subnautica and beat it. It was a fun survival game, and all the different sea biomes were designed perfectly, and at night almost everything from plants to animals are lite up with bioluminescence. the mushroom forest at night is prolly the most beatiful, next to the safe shallows. Dont worry Roanoke Gaming, theres no angler fish lol.
anglerfish
The pressure at the bottom of the Mariana Trench where this movie takes place is 15,750 psi or 8 tons per square inch, so if the hull of that station was compromised it would be insta squish.
Given the information provided, i would say that Babbie Roanoke was booped by a Shark. Or a seal, but my money would be on Shark
swapping traits makes no sense. so if we take all humans and have them be in the ocean 24/7 theyll what?...grow flippers after a million years? animal bodies dont just change to suit their environment, they randomly mutate sure but they dont activly change and multiple studies ahve shown this. hell every time they do the primordial soup experiment it never works. not trying to be rude but it seems a bit to magical
8:26 "Ocean-gated"  😆
My 28th birthday is next week, THANKS FOR THE FREE PARANOIA
Those are Scaphander suits... suits like that for extremely deep dives (where scuba gear no longer suffices even with special air mixtures) exist even today, although the real life ones are far less mobile and look less like power armor from Halo and more like a tiny submarine with arms and legs and a helmet dome on top. They are so heavily armoured because they are designed to keep close to normal surface pressure even while this deep in the ocean. Therefore, the user inside would neither suffer from "oxygen poisoning" when the pressure gets too high nor have to ascend slowly to avoid the bends/diver's palsy. Scaphander suits are little tiny submarines.
A marine creature having "hands" is not that bizarre as Roanoke seems to think. Just look at mud-skippers (amphibiously living fish in mangrove swamps that can absorb oxygen even out of water through their wet skin and by gulping air). All vertebra animals have limbs and phalanges (even snakes have them, technically, during embryonal development, their limbs just atrophy). In fish, these turned into fins. In reptiles and most mammals, these turned into arms and legs, hands/front paws and feet, fingers and toes (except hoofed animals where the toes fused to form hooves). A fish's front fins still contain radii that are the equivalent of finger bones.  In whales (mammals that evolved on land and then returned to the oceans and adapted to aquatic lifestyle), the bones or what used to be hands and feet are still inside their fleshy flippers, providing stability.  Since the _Underwater_ creatures are clearly vertebrates, what is bizarre are the tentacles, not the "hands".
The suit itself contains air, as do the pressurised air tanks. Once the helmet cracks, water floods in, the air inside the suit blows out, and if the air tanks somehow get breached the rapidly expanding volume of air would create an even larger explosion. Not that hard to understand?
Quick note about Ringwoodite. Discovered in 1969 from a meteorite. Also, can hold water in the form of hydroxide inside of its crystal structure at the Mantle Transition Zone.
My first time watching your channel and it is Awesome! You have Great Commentary and Explanations. And Your Recaps Are Ridiculously Accurate. I really enjoy watching. Thanks So Much For This.."Oh and I just subscribed"🙂‍↕️👍🏾💯👍🏾
You look like an early 2000s or late 90s "douche bag" character from a movie.
I have never heard anyone pronounce it Cut'ulu before. There's a whole h in there you're disrespecting
how do this creature not pop as it cant handle the pressure change
Free my boy angular he did nothing
There is another Lovecraft entity that was on earth in the mythos. Dagon. So I suspect that of it was a non natural creature it was Dagon and not Cthulhu.
Can you be fucking nice to the angler fish please it’s not there fault their so goddamn scary
Yarp
So the whole movie is about giant killer sea monkeys?
IIRC, most of us shouldn't run into telomere issues until we're deep into the hundreds.
Natural meant to look Cthulhu
Rodrigo did know his helmet was faulty. They show him picking out that helmet specifically because it's the broken one; that way, he wouldn't have sentenced any of his team to an Oceangate cruise
Fun fact: The distance from the crust to the core is 3200 MILES!   That’s a lot of room for life to grow! Yes I know the biosphere (air bubble) that’s situated around earth that houses all life doesn’t reach no where near that depth! Creatures “microbes” are said to still exist at those depths in those extreme environments!
Why are you saying that we don't know what CO2 does? It absorbs infrared light, that's what it does. That's not politics.
First time seeing him and was instantly reminded of the "OH NO HES HOT"
The amount of detail this man puts into his vids scratches something within my adhd brain while i do chores😂
33:54  Its a liopleurodo, Charlie!
An explanation for the suits lacking some essential equipment could really just be the company not being willing the shell out the money to fully equip them.
Buddy why you worried about anglerfish? That is the home turf of Humboldt Squids, where the feeding frenzy never ends. Also, my dude, you been playin too much ark if you think megalodon and Mosa existed at the same time.
Also, subnautica has a creative mode so you can be invincible. I'm sure what people really want is an exploration of the morphology anyways,
Hey Roanoke, I hear you got tinnitus, and I got a possible remedy for you. Open your mouth, and then close it half way _while also_ straining the muscles that open your mouth. You should get caught in a mid point, and your ears should start ringing. Why? Dunno, but I have tinnitus too, and when it kicks up, I do this. It changes the pitch of the ringing and when I stop, the ringing goes way down, or stops completely.
Medical/Organic Chemist here. Concerning the idea of oxygen taking 80 years to poison us, isn't actually too far off what it actually does to us. Due to the bodies use of Reacrive Oxygen Species (ROS), such as hydrogen peroxide, hydroxyl, superoxide, singlet oxygen etc. ROS all have a radical oxygen which while for the most part being extremely useful as the are biochemically more active over time these radicals cause oxidative stress, which accumulates overtime causing damage to protein, lipids, DNA etc. This accumulated damage is currently thought to be one of the leading causes of aging, which if true does mean that oxygen does poison us over time leading to death at ~80 years.
OCEAN GATED !!!!!  Dude thats cold! Like deep bottom of the ocean trench cold. Which is cold. Very cold.
Why do the deep dive suits in this movie look better than any sci-fi armor ever made? It drives me crazy that this niche movie has such great costume and set designs
The director confirmed it is Cthulu, and they are drilling into R'yleh.
I absolutely loved playing subnautica but also hated it, played it for hours until i saw the gross octopeople, it was too nerve wracking 😂
Bro he should come to Galveston you can't see anything through the water ever.
You said they didn't have eyes yet we can clearly see that they have a tepetum lucidum (especially before the cthulu reveal scene)
if you look closely at the leviathan model it had tiny legs and whales have traces of legs so it makes sense for the leviathan to be the next stage as the adult gets bigger and grows a tail to swim faster and more as its legs become less prominent
They’ve remade this premise a million times and I’ll always eat it up
Drilling for oil in mid-town R'leh is NOT a good idea. The Deep Ones are not friendly and Cthulhu is really not who you want to meet.
Played Subnautica ever simce I've been curious a out the Oceans xD
valve mentioned 👍🏼
you want me to play subnautica? no it gives me chronic anxiety. well yeah, thats why we wanna see you play it XD
5:48 this reminds me of my friends car because if you hit the lock button on the inside of the door from the outside then shut the door, it locks, but you cant unlock it from the inside. and i was just like "why tf did they design it like this?"
I have to point out that in the model of the big creature it looks like it's missing one arm/forelimb, so I think the theory of there being something larger out there that the apes need protection from is pretty likely. After all big 'lu had to have gotten injured bad enough to lose a limb, so that would suggest that there's more out there.  Also, depending on the scale of the creature, it could be that the babies of the apes actually act as a symbiotic organism to the big one. Eating things like dead skin cells and parasites that might damage big 'lu and generally keeping it clean and free of pests. The suction/pulling/tendril thing they've got going on could help them get things that burrow (in a manner similar to botflies) out of the big creature's skin/under any kind of armour plate, and generally be useful in the same way that demodex mites can be for dogs.  In which case it would make sense for the big guy to keep the adult apes around and protect them, as their babies are useful for helping it keep its surface clean and clear...and the adults can potentially feed off of scraps of whatever it happens to be eating, as those things may be just as massive as it is.
this is that space movie.......but underwater n stuff
I know I'm late but my guess as to why the suit exploded rather than imploded was because of the pressure regulation system. For example, when the crack appeared it caused the system to basically kick into overdrive, increasing the outgoing pressure to counteract the flaw in the suit (since we know that the creator of the suit isn't the best at design). Even thought it isn't hooked up to an air pressure tank or anything it just basically pumped the suit full of pressurized air as the crack became weaker and weaker, which resulted in a big pocket of air being released when the suit and pressurization mechanism finally failed, leading to the forceful ejection of the other two divers. I do also wanna say that I have no scientific basis to back this up, and also sorry in advance if you already cleared this up in the video and I just didn't realize since I was doing stuff while listening to it. Sorry if this is misleading as to how it would actually work, as I have no qualifications, but it kinda just made sense to me, and I hope it makes sense to anyone else! also I just started watching your videos today and I've already binged a few and wanting to watch more! <3
what is bros issue with angler fish lmao
I'm sure that I'm the umpteenth person to say this, but it is Cthulu. The filmmakers confirmed it.
Ph'nglui mglw'nafh Cthulhu R'lyeh wgah'nagl fhtagn.
6:23 Just fyi, Internet Historian got caught doing some major plagiarism recently, so anything you recommend from his channel might actually be written by someone else.
Aw man i thought i was subscribed great channel
I love moon pies you absolute diluted giraffe
Sleep with a small fan near you, drowns (no pun intended) out the tinnitus.
Me I’m how they do it, I love moon pies!
At first I thought Vincent Cassel was Hugh Laurie for a second 😂😂 but nah
Funny that your prepare yourself comment about K R I S T E N… made me prepare myself for your video.
Sounds like Roanoke dosen't like the angler fish😂
Nope...just a small amount of reading on, line you can find hat the Director verified that the kaiju size creature is supposed to be Cthulhu. The swarm of smaller creatures are the Deep Ones or Xothians, but never named in the film. After shooting was completed, the decision was made to make the creatures be the Lovecraftian monster and lore and design the main villain as Cthulhu himself.
i really shouldn't be watching these right bow
As an engineer... these underwater movies always kill me. They always show the water "rushing" in, and people running away from it... At that pressure, you'd be unalive literally before your optic nerves had time to send the signal to your brain.
OMFG!!! FACE!!!1 Also, I really did like Underwater. It was a Lovecraftian love letter. On the topic of the suit implosion, yes, the suit would be super pressurized. From my somewhat limited understanding of physics, at these pressures, the moment that the suit failed, the pressure is released and a cavitation bubble would form. This bubble would be superhot, and,  super deadly. There would be literally nothing left of the poor person. Then, the cavitation bubble would collapse, creating more heat and a flash of light.
The writers said it's Cthulhu, the others creatures are easily to see are The Deep Ones from the Mythos.  It is that simple.
ur as handsome as i expected grow that moustache
Sea Monkeys?
I like moon pies
Why do you use the word youngling so much?
I love that the end message was probably intended to make corporations look greedy and willing to sacrifice life. Then you just add that great point that they will likely just adapt and fuck that shit up
I leaned toward these creatures and even the leviathan one to be more natural ancient organisms than supernatural creatures. First reason is one you mentioned of jumping to the Cthulhu explanation is a cop out. The second reason is their appearance and features from what I could find like you showed in this video that look as though they evolved and adapted into this extreme environment. The third reason is that given the extent and info in the mythos of Chuthulu and his powers, I would think he would not left a chance for those 2 survivors to escape in the pods to the surface if not having already lost your sanity from seeing him and his presence. But that doesn’t demean the danger and capabilities against us as horrifically demonstrated on that guy being literally pulled through his diving suit like that.
I like to swim in pristine, crystal clear waters. However, everything in the water wants to harm and/or eat you. Fuk the ocean! Still wanna go deep sea fishin though.  Never been!
So i just watched a few minutes of this video and this seems like just a movie version of barotrauma
I feel like this guy does not like angler fish
Over the PA system: "Warning, multiple leviathan class life forms detected. Are you sure what you are doing is worth it?"
I know that you said you don't believe the Giant creature was the dark lord Cthulhu. However i have it on good authority that this film is actually a prequel to the Coon and Friends episodes of South Park.
The world needs angler sharks with tentacles.
Favorite channel for 🦶
They look like the leagues of votann.
No the captain didn't misremember her age, that's the age she would be at during the events of the movie had she been alive.
I'm 28 years old, and you're telling me that my body is dying?!  Welp, might as well chuck my good-looking book out the window. 🙂
My impression what that the drilling company was actually an occult company who only used the search for oil and resources as an excuse to search for these creatures which they possibly worship.
I actually was going along with what he was saying until he started talking about the aquatic ape theory.
ik there would be an ocean gate reference 8:22
Knowing Roanoke has some serious beef with anglerfish is so real. I have this same beef with other things that are Far Too Big, like frill sharks. What’s up with those guys.
I played subnatica, and it was fun and scared the crap out of me
Wouldn’t all that pressure cause the entire base to implode Not flood?
Always remember when you go in the water you just fell off the top of the food chain.
Nothing......NOTHING is scarier than being in the ecological dead zone of Subnautica.....
You say they're clearly juveniles... how do you know they're not males and the big one is a female... like an anglerfish.  Or actually like a lot of deep sea creatures.
I demand Subnautica gameplay
Commenting late solely to demand Subnautica gameplay
Youre from the south and aint ever had a moonpie and RC cola???
GLOSSARY OF TERMS PLEASE!!! I got what almonds are... what does activating then mean
I just watched a video of a seagull swallowing a squirrel hole then flying away. Now I've kind of lost my grip on reality.
The implosion that caused the explosion Was from the oxygen tanks and the battery system  Also what if these species are descendant From some type of cephelopod That happened to eat Human remains That had some type of mutation in it Similar to the mutation from Underworld That created the lycans and the vampires that somehow either got really far deep Or maybe the octopus Or squid species Ancestor was one of those ones that come up near the surface to feed I heard that there is a species of squid That normally lives around 10000 feet But will come up to feed From time to time And they live in schools Or packs of over A couple thousand
What if it’s sexual dimorphism? You bring up angler fish a lot and haven’t even thought about how they are. The males are extreamly small compared to females. What if they do the same thing. What if the giant one is the female and the small ones are the males.
Bro what’s the music you’re using ?!?!
I'm no expert, but I'm thinking Roanoke doesn't like angler fishes
Do you think Nora could’ve survived? Good video, I love your work.
The company is called Tian which would be short for "LovecrafTIAN" as in "we purposely sent live humans down there to be fed to Dagon or Cthulhu or whatever"
This was the most pathetic lovecraft movie since it missed all the marks of a lovecraftian creature you just grounded a space demon that can only come back to life when the planets align, that worships higher beings beyond our understanding and comprehension, and turned it into “big monster”
Oh I know these creatures in world of warcraft there called the offsrpings of Cthulhu.... yes there either followers or offsprings of the Cthulhu which is a god like water creature that cannot be killed.  Cthulhu in wow is known as 'Thun is one of the 4 old gods, C'Thun os the old God of the sea which is really bad but anyway this creature is a legend of the pirates as 0.01% of them have faced its offsprings and survived but later to be eaten by the rest and yes there are millions of them.  Also the 0.01% of pirates did accidently found it and ofc 1 survived whirlwind the others were sacrificed to it.
This drives me nuts they have eyes. In certain scenes they glow in the dark
Honestly based on what I was looking at and reading up on some theoretical evolution, I would be more inclined to believe that the species evolved from amphibians. As of yet there are no known saltwater species, but if a salamander or salamander like creature evolved to tolerate salt water, they would have no problems getting to this size.
17:59 …Ugh… Don’t those figures suggest a reasonably strong man could rip off a person’s head?? It doesn’t sound that hard. If you can deadlift a man’s weight, you could rip his head off - is that the take away?
"but they dont know what it is ANGLER FISH"
another unoriginal Hollywood monster its like they just reuse the same "Alien" creature for every fucking movie now days
31 years old is crazy
28:37 Cthuhlu wasnt supernatural, he was a large alien who slept within ancient alien stone ruins, at the bottom of the ocean.  Lovecraft was a man of science. 29:14 or like a tadpole could loose its main tail thing and grow limbs.
After having watched several of your videos I'm getting the distinct feeling that you hate the Angler fish. Do yourself a favor and never play the game Seamongrel. I don't recall there being Angler fish in it, but still some freaky fish-monsters in it.
Indeed the Ocean is deep and in it, there are such secrets, out of our  imagine, we dont know so far, they are there and  wait for us. It is our fault, that we dont take time, to search for them, to unlock them, learn and understand them and maybe benefit from them.  Don’t they look at the camels, how they are created? And at the sky — how it is raised? (Quran 88:17–18)  The camel was the most important animal for the Arabs. It was their means of transport carrying their load and belongings. It nourished them with food and drink. From its hair and skin they made their clothes and tents. Camel is unique among all animals. Despite its strength, size and firm build, it is not wild. Even a young boy can manage it. It gives man great service and, at the same time, it is inexpensive to keep and its food is easy to find. Moreover, it is the only animal to endure hunger, thirst, hard work and poor conditions. So, the Quran, asks of its first audience to ponder on how the camel is made. This does not require them to undertake any difficult task or to discover any obscure field of science. Camels were a part of their world, and they only needed to look and consider how they were made most suitable for their role; how their shape and build fitted perfectly with their environment and function. Man did not create camels, nor did camels create themselves. So, they must have been made by the Supreme Maker whose work reflects His limitless ability and perfect planning, and testifies to His existence.  “anyone who studies the complexities of life and the universe cannot help but witness the signature of the Creator.” -Dr. Laurence B. Brown, The Big Questions.  I peacefully invite you, to read the Quran, The Creator's (Allah Subhanahu wa ta'ala) direct words, to His creation and the final/last revelation and guidance for mankind.   The Quran was revealed in over 22 years, in the lifetime of the last and final Prophet Muhammad (ﷺ) , who received his revelation from Allah Subhanahu wa ta'ala, trough the Angel Gabriel ( Jibreel Aleyhisselam). The Prophet Muhammad (ﷺ) recite, wath ever Jibreel Aleyhisselam had spoke, his companions wrote and memorized word by word, letter by letter and you will find not a single contradiction in it. Today is the  Quran the most read, memorized, preserved book on earth, no human being, or any other creation is able to come up with anything like it and if you are  sincere,  Allah Subhanahu wa ta'ala himself challenge us in the Quran and still after 1400 years no Human being nor a Jinn was able to do so, thats only one miracle and there are much more.  Islam is like a treasure, if you opne it in the right way, you will only find benefit in it. May Allah Subhanahu wa ta'ala guide you and me Insha'Allah.  (look at my channel for more information and links, videos about Islam and Faith on the playlists.) How many Time we heft left no one knows, besides the Creator, at least lets seek knowledge and think about it and learn from each other and help and speak in a good and respectful way.  I share this message as a gift, you can take it or throw it away. (Quran Surah 103 Al-Asr) By Tiime Indeed, mankind is in loss, Except for those who have believed and done righteous deeds and advised each other to truth and advised each other to patience. (Quran Surah 13 ; 28) Truly, only through the remembrance of Allah do hearts find peace.
Cthulhu had a quick wank, and now his seeds are attacking. *great.*
I found subnautica good in small doses for combatting my fear of deep water tbh.  Not so much for the areas you can't see the bottom of though.
If they are on the bottom of the ocean and water is coming in then why is the entire facility not either flooded or crushed? A pin hole at that depth would completely destroy the entire facility.
"Rodrigo gets Oceangate'd" is my new favorite quote to describe getting crushed by the extreme pressures of the deep sea. Thank you for the laugh, Roanoke, sending a like, a subscribe and a bell button your way
Can't believe I haven't even heard of this movie, definitely gonna have to watch it now.
13:35 - The brain to body mass ratio, also known as cephalic index, is a weird rough estimate that works well not only to measure potential intelligence/cognitive capacities of a species, but also its development throughout maturation.   The weird part is that for humans, that ratio is somewhere 1.2-1.1 of the optimum, making our brain mass unnecessarily large, even for evolutionary adaptations. The cool part is that nobody knows why such ratio happened in our species (chimpanzees are a runner-up here) since callosotomy patients and even people who went through hemispherectomy can retain impressive amount of cognitive functions.  We are depressed apes that increase said depression the more we learn about ourselves lol.
I want a prequel or sequel yo this movie. It was a surprise hit for me
great vids
With the Lovecraftian aspect, it would make more sense for these to be a race of fish-men known as "Deep Ones". This would explain the MASSIVE BOY outside of the Roebuck. The Deep Ones are ruled by a minor "god" known as Dagon (also his sister who is the same size, but i digress). Dagon is simply another Deep One but ancient, the oldest of them, and the older Deep Ones get, the bigger. Much like many other ocean dwelling creatures.
I really love how they took the Cthulhu design and modified it to more closely resemble a Deep Sea creature. It's always cool when someone takes something Supernatural or otherwise Otherworldly and tries to apply logic and real science to it's design. One of the (several) reasons I like this channel.
I'm no psychologist but I think there's a hint as to why your scared of the deep sea 😂😂😂lol I can't agree with you more brother Jesus walked on the water and not under the water for a reason
reminds me of the Selkath from KOTOR
Abyssal gigantism doesn't really effect anglerfish. The largest recorded anglerfish is arms length.
I believe the director confirmed it's cthulhu
26:05 well you wouldn’t be able to use your fingers without a brain.   - a brain
Looks like they started with the weird half human xenomorph and just changed a couple things when designing this.
Boyles law.   Gases in you body become compressed at depth, even in a pressure suit. This is why deep divers have 3phase tanks to include helium, and will take decompression stops while coming back to the surface.   Going from these depths to roughly 1 atmosphere pressures inside of a seconds, would result in the gasses in your body, occupying approximately 40-50x the amount of volume/space in your body as they did at depth. . .   Hence bologna mist o'matic
35:16, i paused it to look at the creature there for a moment. There is something oddly natural about this image, like you actually find this thing and take a picture of it despite how it looks. That scares me, and i'm someone who loves to consume and somewhat makes horror related media. The thought that seeing something so alien and unrealistic look like something that could live in the real world scares me as apposed to usual horrors where this kind of fear will not exist since there cannot be a logical way for it to exist natural.
Put the video at 3.0x's speed. It sounds like dude is trying to sell cars at an auction house. 😂
23:00 Lucien doesn't actually just die of pressure build up, the power source of the suit explodes. which leads one to wonder, just how volatile is the power unit of these suits to cause an explosion under failure.
Would really love a video game in this type of setting with some Dead Space combat/gameplay
if you want to see sea creatures just pick up your submarine with an X-box controller and go for it I guess....
I feel like the issue with plots like this or the Meg as non-supernatural would be, like… wtf is it eating? Are there a sh*t ton of prey animals in that pocket too, but none of them migrated through the breach? The dietary needs of that leviathan (let alone a school of considerable numbers of the water apes of considerable size), which clearly seem to be predators, would be really demanding… as stated you’d be talking about a pretty large environment that’d be pretty fragile
The most interesting revelation of this movie was that a shaved Kristen Stewart could make a respectable Pete Davidson impersonator
19:13 that's not what thug it out means
Pretty sure the director confirmed it's just C'thulhu and the Deep Ones.
I'm thinking maybe the leviathan is just a big siphonophore
Just wanted to let all of those know that also have thalassophobia  as well; angler fish get only up to 3ft, but, if it ever went up to where you could survive without dying via being crushed from the pressure, it would deflate from the lack of pressure and end up looking like a blobfish. Just remember that if you’re seeing a living anglerfish, you have more problems than dealing with the animals.
0:42 this is stupid, how do you think planets are made??
we did this... we took to much and now they're taking back.
I got sucked into an underwater hole when i was 12 , got lucky i managed to keep calm because i didnt noticed i was getting sucked into it, i just thought i went deeper under water , when i emerged i noticed i was just 2 meters off the coast (the water there only reaches your knees) , yet my whole body went down .
Hey Roanoke, got the answer for you about the pressure explosions! While they're a bit oversold in the movie, what you're seeing is a cavitation bubble. The pressure is so great that the crushed air pocket is superheated in a microsecond, with the massive spike in thermal energy flash boiling a chunk of water. It's the same trick that mantis shrimp use!
i feel like you would love the game soma :'D
I’m getting the slight impression that you don’t like angler fish
Why does bro look like a great value Luke Bryan
Bruh, I'm in cali born and raised...my pops is from Louisiana n' moms is from Georgia...there are moon pies sold in damn near store out here. We ain't even in the south, and them pies are getting sold.
This movie screams "Shadows over Innsmouth" fish men and Cthulu. 😅 I may watch it.
Moon Pies were the only survivors in this movie.
"You break our toys. We break your species."   That made me chuckle.
Hot take: The leviathan creature is the apothicon Leviathan from call of duty, black ops three
PLEASE PLAY SUBNAUTICA LOL
i feel like its a bee situation and the leviathan is like a queen that produces the small ones and they grow up into the 15ft ones
Bro has serious beef with angler fish 😂
Hey bud! Big fan. I bring this up because you ask for constructive criticism. I think it'd be dope if you or senor editor could try and get the volume of the videos kinda standardized. The difference is kinda jarring while going between several of your videos. Keep up the good work! 👍
How do you know the brain size from skull size??
Moon Pies <333 Especially the banana ones.
As a subnautica vet these monsters aunt shit.
I like the Lovecraftian theme of the movie. And I kinda dig the heavy, power-armor diving suit.
Cthulhu and his lice or fleas lol
Fun fact: NASA originally started off as an ocean exploration company. There's a reason why they almost immediately stopped exploring the ocean and jumped to exploring space. Just recently, did they go back to exploring the ocean. :)
You are almost at 1 million can’t wait to see you get there! 🎉
There is a tribe in the world that has developed and adapted to free diving underwater
why she look like Eminem lol
Captain was just goated didn’t leave his crew stayed till they all left cut the cord so she didn’t die and died what a Chad
alternate theory, it is a C'thulhu, but C'thulhu is a natural species that landed on earth inside the meteor that killed the dinosaurs.
what if the legs just join into the big fin torso thing? i mean like- the tentacles already merged into legs, so why not legs merge into a big torso fin thing
I ❤ ORGA!!!
Bro does not like anglerfish lol
did you purposefully say her name wrong the entire video?
The "small adult" looks like an aquatic version of a mind flayer....
woah woah woah hold up a second whales were land animals? WTF? Talk about that please mr weird biology man
Say it with me Ca-thu-Lu not ca-to-lu
The most unrealistic thing about the movie is, someone bought Moon Pies.
Creatures Eyes glow up in the Dim light - dude keeps talking about eye-less creatures.
Tell us you dont know Lovecraft without telling us you dont know Lovecraft.
The best part about talking about sea creatures even if your absolutely terrified of the ocean and its inhabitants (I’m thalassophobic myself) is thinking about old time myths like the Kraken which fun fact isn’t the same as the colossal squid the kraken is bigger than that considering yachts are a lot smaller than Gallion ships of old and the kraken broke those things in half and ate everything in them a colossal squid can only threaten sail boats just barely
I am OSHA certified and I’d put a list together for y’all after watching this but it’s just too long. Especially regarding pneumatics.
I just assume its supernatural and He was just sleeping, meaning He didnt really get what was going on. The next time the humans get down there all is good, because he is no longer sleep walking out of r'lyeh.  Ep yar ymg' ah nilgh'ri mglw'nafh
This creature is the result of unfiltered bath male shower water, see this what guys this is what happens when we have fun in the bathroom, so I think it save to say that it's time to stop.  You break our toys, we break your species is the easily one of the best lines I have heard.
Something that helps with my tinnitus is plugging the ringing ear and pressing firmly where the spine meets the skull
Not to be a nit picker here... but they literally explained why they built these underwater bases and platforms as opposed to an oil rig on the surface... it's too deep... so an oil rig on the surface simply would just be too deep to reach the bottom where they are drilling.
so if the medium sized ones used to be proto-human, could that mean the leviathan is a descendant of giants/titans from mythology
Roanoke gaming:   Fuck the angler fish
angler fish
Random comment about the random moon pie comment, but I remember an old lady who lived in my neighborhood that LOVED them and had a deal with the local grocery store to buy them by the case for her. She would just drop by every week and buy bulk moon pies. People who like them are serious about them.
so the whole feeling high  thing i learned from  underwater welder is that when your at those depths they have to use special mixture of gases to breath instead of just straight oxygen. breathing this mixture for long periods of time can make you dizzy and unbalance as well in some extreme cases begin  to hallucinate.
i think its cthulhu
The big ocean leviathan doesn't even look like Cthulhu, more like Mother Hydra. In that case the "little ones" could be Deep Ones.
One question: Do you pronounce her name Keer Sten instead of Kris Sten on purpose?
Bro really has it out for anglers 💀
What's the fucking name of this movie dawg?!
In terms of Rodrigo’s death, what I believe likely happened is when the suit imploded, all that water rushed in at an incredibly high velocity. However, it wouldn’t all stop moving just because it collided in the suit. It’s not outside the realm of possibility for the implosion to lead to an explosion in the process (that being said, the scale of the explosion did seem a bit much for that)
The creature's head reminds me more of a Damascus Goat than a human
We have the Uncanny Valley phenomenon for a reason
I think Roanoke is really afraid of Anglerfish 😂
you did somehow miss the fact that this was originally meant to be part of the Cloverfield series - so in all likelihood there is some alien origin to the species, albeit far distant
I think that all you would have to do with the Leviathan is send like 3 WW2 battleships out there, launch a couple dozen nuclear rounds, which exist lol, and leave.
POV: average day in Barotrauma
“Bro, just thug it out or smth” -RoanokeGaming
To quote qui gon jin "There's always a bigger fish."
I love moon pies but you gotta have a glass of milk or something with it so dry
I watched this movie after i saw the thumbnail for your video. Thanks alot dude. Terrible movie.
You should play subnatica
Speaking of moon pie there is a convenience store nearby me that sells moon pies i actually thought they were off brand largerend versions of the known banana or chocolate debby pies
Whats The name of the movie???
Bro really started the video by calling climate change and burning fossil fuels a "theory" that we don't actually know about
Roanake's unending rage for the angler fish will never not be hilarious
Could be sexual dimorphism, the females are much smaller than the males, as they reproduce like fish do and fill the water with clouds of semen for the females to be impregnated with, or, like Anglerfish, where the female is massive and the males are much smaller.
As much as this movie sucked, I enjoyed it. Not the same way I enjoy "the core" or "Pacific rim", where I can turn my brain off and enjoy the bright colors and explosions, but in the way I can enjoy really spicy food... yeah it hurts but I'm having a good time.
I have a personal opinion on the Leviathan that I'm surprised you didn't entertain. It's the matriarch of the colony. Matriarchs/Patriarchs of say, eusocial animals, tend to undergo metamorphosis's to be better at birthing children and surviving. The Leviathan perhaps is the matriarch of this colony and as such, transformed into a far larger finned creature. As that large fin would allow it go swim across massive expanses of water, bringing its band of children with it in hunts or relocations to new hunting grounds.  I'm no biologist, but the moment I saw that render of the Leviathan, I immediately thought it's the matriarch.
A counter to the two species hypothesis: consider the degree of sexual dimorphism in… angler fish.
i hate the ocean so much. more plz
There is 0 way that's Cthulhu. I feel like that's too small for an elder God. Also no wings
This is basically a movie recap channel
I think all of these creatures are natural but I also think that in this universe they're meant to be the inspiration behind myths. Cthulu is easy but sirens and ningen as well as the kraken if we want to go that far seem related.
24:51 Where is that from?
Gotta make anglerfish shirts 🦷💡🐟
Detecting multiple leviathan class lifeforms in the region. Are you certain whatever you're doing is worth it?
OSHA doesn't certify anything.
You had me at “Bipedal Ocean Dwelling”
Do admit watching people have mental breakdowns playing subnautica and watching the fear in their eyes when they encounter the dead zone or any deep zone is always pleasant.  Might go watch someone freaking out after this.
I've been watching your channel since the early dead space videos and never matched a face with the voice... I had a loose imagination that you were bony thin and had long hair. Thank you for casually shattering my expectations Roanoke.
Can we gwt some subnautica? I would love to see how "well" you hold up.
38:21 Apparently, the director came out and said that it was a Cthullu instead of leaving it to the imagination of the audience.
Fun fact if you break your neck as a male, between c3 and c4 if I remember right, you get an uncontrollable boner 😂
Being a young kid swimming in the Pacific every summer my buddy and I went out real far with our boogie boards on oregons coastline. We're in probably 30ft with waves and we see a massive dark object doing the classic back and forth moving towards us. We catch the next wave in and stay calm until we're in knee deep water and this thing is still behind us and we start highmanning it to the shore. Big mfing bull sea lion was chasing us off for some reason but oh man that's some neurologically driven memories. I've never gone into that kinda water again cause of how helpless we would have been if it was a white shark
First 30 seconds I'm hooked. A neutral opinion and a halo reference?!!! Subscribed edit: wow I'm old. Sgt Johnson is a prominent character in halo who is also African American and so with the armor I messed up 😂
Bro really doesn’t like the angler fish
Perhaps it's a natural species that somehow inspired the legend of Cthulhu? At least in the movie's universe...so it's basically a "realistic" version of Cthulhu.  Also...Aquatic Apes is just a supposed idea for how mermaids could exist...so those things are mermaids.. XD
Such a dull movie though - made me wish I was watching Alien or even Leviathan (1989).
You really need to check out the game SOMA.  You will love that one 😉
i love abyssal horrer
Okay fine, no Subnautica… perhaps Soma? :3
13:28 ... I see 5 fingers. The other hand looks curled up so you cant tell, but.. is it suppose to have hands?
3:09 bruh, dude, i just turned 28. thanks. im dying now. much love tho! <3
Must've been an American company. Those guys have a complex around fucking with their boats. I wouldn't recommend it.
Aquatic apes... don't you mean... sea monkeys?
Take a shot every time he says "angler fish"
I’m starting to think you don’t like anglerfish
The hands look more like raccoon hands than human hands to me. Papa Roanoke, perhaps you should stop panicking about the angler fish and chill. Your panicked state is making you see things that aren't there.
POV deep rock galactic plot
Cah-two-loo? 😅
1:42 I'm pretty sure Automation would ruin most horror movie plots.
Swimming next to a pier 🫡
A N G L E R F I S H
Mardi Gras. That's what keeps big Moon-pie in business. You're welcome.
My question is, how does one accurately determine the integrity of a hull or outer shell of something? Is it an all knowing all intelligent metal being used to build these systems?
implosion is still explosion
Sending Roanoke a cute angler fish for Christmas.
"Detecting multiple leviathan class lifeforms in the region"
So the rock with water kinda proves the bible
lol ocean-gated.... lmao
Really funny you mention it, but being someone who worked in an old folks home: We bought looooaaads of Moonpies for residents. Like, lots of the stuff. So, I can imagine it being a pretty common item for other facilities to be buying in bulk for snacks, if they use similar suppliers.
The movie was clearly depicting Cthulhu and his deep ones minions. Aside from the physics issues in the movie, at the end when the clearly see Cthulhu the two women should have instantly been driven hopelessly mad. Becoming unable to do much beyond weep, blubber and worship the great old one before eventually being destroyed by him.   Also, a nuke would have slowed him down for a few seconds at most; he exists in many different planes and dimensions at once. He’d be ‘dead’ for exactly as long as it would take him to rematerialize from elsewhere. Then he would rise from the oceans, devour humanity and usher in a new era of death and horror across the multiverse.
The Sewol was a much bigger embarrassment than The Concordia, I would say.
i dont like water like that it scares me i cant go to the deep waters now
My wife and I decided to name our son Lucian after watching this movie and hearing the name. I enjoyed the movie. Wasn’t the best but obviously because of my beautiful baby boy it holds a special place in my family’s heart
Very cool to the Vast Unknown
I love the beach, love the ocean-all that  Just…for anyone that would ever say “the ocean isn’t that eerie”  Go out to the DEEP deep -for example, about a 6-10 hr boat ride OUT  jump off the deck of the boat to cool off   -swim just a bit away from the boat, get to where you see NOTHING…but eternal nothingness   When you get the crashing fear & realization that the depths of hell itself or an an abyss of unimaginable terrors, much like H.P. LoveCraft’s eldritch gods-is JUST beneath you  …yeah, that’s a feeling that stays with you. Worse off?  Try it at night. Worked on a deep sea fishing route Weather was fine & we were out-around a 6 hr boat ride full speed   Pitch black   Oh ho man I’ve never seen water appear so black The moon barely reflected upon it  I thought I felt the presence of hell that night, floating like a moron, GOD KNOWS what is beneath me  …yeah, that cannot be described w/any vocabulary I know of lol
“Kristen Stewart-prepare yourself accordingly”  Yep! You’ve earned a sub from me-that had me rolling LMAO!  Subbed👍
1. She is Kristen not Kirsten 2. The broken helmet was originally Nora's but he switched theirs so he knew it was broken. Don't know how Nora knew that he knew it was broken tho. 3. The creators confirmed it to be Cthulhu, and there was (been a while since I watched the movie) a book or a drawing of Cthulhu in the captains closet/cabinet things so most likely they were looking for it.
Lord Cthulhu will return! We are living on his planet!
Eldritch lore nerd here, there's several insanely alien looking creatures in the lovecraft universe that are native to earth. But yeah I don't think those are them, if I remember correctly, earths biosphere was actually seeded by Cthulhu's crew, and most animal types here were partially artificially selected, and derived from their phenotypes from alien ancestor species. Cthuloid creatures on the other hand, are not so common in lore, they're typically his offspring or something adjacent he's created for some reason, excluding the moon beasts who only kinda look like him. He has a slave race that just look like gangly versions of him at comparatively slightly above human height, these things look like they mighta just been shimmer spliced on accident or something and had survived that way as forgotten wares.
I think the giant monster is cthulhu. The other 14ft creatures were humans, from Atlantis. That is the cthulu mythos, so I think it's a safe assumption
Read the Bible, it will tell you were the water came from.
you really dont like angler fish
Turned 27 thins year, totally didnt have to know that its only going downhill from now.
Instant pressurized humans look like a blood bucket but everywhere
“And the company is like, No your crazy there’s not bipedal monsters down there” Lethal company in a nutshell
Very good watch. However, onto the mystical nature of Cthulhu and the mythos known as the Cthulhu Mythos (where Cthulhu plays only a minor role, as it is absolutely not a deity), Cthulhu, despite being describe as a paranormal entity, would technically be only a member of an alien specie, and mentionned only because it is considered in their own texts as the Highpriest of his own race. Cults can be formed only due to members of the same race as Cthulhu being able to transcend most of human perceptions and boundaries and their evolution on different planes of existence. However, their bodies, in corporeal forms, have the weakness of any flesh, excepting the extraordinary nature of their abilities: shrinking to neigh human size, whilst their size could go up to a hundreds of meters high, and temporary dispersion, as showcased in the novel titled "The Call of Cthulhu", when a steamboat on the raging sea crashes into the eldritch creature, and ending up on the other side of it.  However as much as these would seem paranormal, considering the nature of spatial overdimension, or perhaps better said as the property of having unknown and varying spatial dimensionnal status of the architecture of R'lyeh, the only city of the Old Ones, it is safe to say that their abilities are not as much abilities as natural capacities inherent to creatures who have been evolving into 8, 9 or who knows how many dimensions of space.  An interesting concept to view these creatures would be to imagine us facing an animal without capacity to evolve out of an X grid, for it has all its existence lived into a line, or has never been able to develop senses enough or the organs to evolve into more than 2 dimensions, 3 if we account for time of course.  Interestingly enough, many speak of Cthulhu's children, however, despite his followers sometimes refered as such, the old ones have never been stated throughout lovecraft's work to be able to copulate with humans, like the Deep Ones, (the fish people) can. As a matter of fact, the Deep Ones, linked to their two founders Dagon and Hydra, could be a lot closer to the species seen in Underwater as could be thought !  For anyone unfamiliar with the Deep Ones, a few things are to be known. They are a specie often misjudged to have ties with Cthulhu, however only a few novels of the 3rd to 4th lovecraftean cycle give nudges into that direction, whereas Lovecraft himself in different novels stated that they stem from two ancestors, who are revered as living gods, Dagon and Hydra.  Deep ones are described as livid, repulsive looking and deformed, however, in their own right, they are immortal beings and live in what seems to be a pretty cool utopia under the seas. They deal with humans in what is however a rather unethiqual way, as they use them in a somewhat parasitic way, even if some would call it closer to a symbiotic relationship, they provide good fortune with their fishing, and they get to procreate, for they are unable to procreate amongst themselves, which could be a direct link to the hormones inducing their own immortality.  Seeing as they can live through centuries and how marine life tends to get bigger the deeper, and that some life forms can grow across the full of their lifespan, it could be possible that Dagon and Hydra are merely just overly old and senile Deep Ones, not all that different to the others and not gods at all, even tho an encounter with such depraved, unsightly and massive creatures would be dangerous, they are not aliens to this plane of existence, and to earth, and would fit this theory of diving lifeforms turning  over isolation and century, plus inbreeding here, into a very different breed of animal, being a far far cousin to humans.   I may ask something a bit unorthodox, but could you possibly make a video on something that I feel could be interesting, that is to say, different creatures who biologically can survive space vacuum, live in space, or move in space. Even not regarding lovecraft's work (with Blaakis, Mi'gos and Ancient Ones being able to physically withstand the void) there are plenty of medias who depict such creatures, and it would be interesting to dwell on the possibility of extra planetary lifeforms and organisms.
Gigachad Roanoke Jumpscare
In regards to the Cthullu theory. Kinda yes, kinda no. Note, I'm quoting a making of I saw of it.....couldn't tell you how accurate it is, but my understanding is that the original script had nothing to do with Cthullu, the leviathan was going to be much more whale like. But at some point the director said "Hey, know what would be cool?", and so the creature was redesigned and a few VERY short scenes were added to support it. So the end result is Cthullu as a special guest star, starring as....um....not cthullu
I have a sneaking suspicion that Ronoke doesn't like angler fish.
let's just assume megadeath creatures exist just hidden away from the mundane gaze and locked away in some piece of earth's crust. how is an animal that has never had to compete for life like the rest of our world compete with a world that has hunted its entire life?  for some reason this mega-thing comes out of nowhere equipped with weapons and intelligence that it had no chance of evolving in an enviroment that did not require it to grow these features. megadeath level 1 is going to get exposed to a differing water salinity than the one it was pocketed in and immediately fucking die, gets nibbled on by a creature it has never seen before and die of an infection and swim far high up enough and immediately get depressurized.
You really don’t like Anglerfish do you?
37:55 "You break our toys, we break your species"  This is why we will be the only intelligent species to thrive till the end of time
I believe the creators had stated that the creature was in fact Cthulu.
You know, it's ironic that you kept joking about the angler fish, because I think the creature might be similar to an angler fish rather than your theory of it being a double species event. The male angler fish is much smaller than the female and lacks the famous biolumineciant lure, in fact it looks so different that it looks like a different species at first. And it fuses with the female when it comes time to mate. So perhaps the bipedal version is this creature's male, and the leviathan size creature being the female, and the little squid thing being a very young female. It's a possibility
Cthulu and the Deep Ones
ok im not hating or anything but ive learned alot about design and art and all that stuff and thats where it came from somebody who knew alot about design and art were just something in the deep sea because one of the most scary things even though you wont believe in words is humanoid he took another teeth dosent have to be scary and tentacles so its jsut a person well learned in  horror design
I know you hate Angler fish, so here’s a musing that may make you happy. Every single one that we have shown light on had whatever little sight they had burned away.
Angler fish
I find your pronunciation of Cthulhu interesting
imagine we find out oil is a living  thing like imulsion in gears fo war
7:32 So what does almond activating mean exactly?
The pressure would just keep him all crinkled up. there's no space to expand in that kind of pressure.
5:17 Speaking of Gears of War, that's the first thing that popped into my mind when I saw their underwater suits. Just give them an underwater Lancer and they'd be set!
I like your theoretical videos a lot
Sounds like you may be a fellow Thalassophobia sufferer. Just a hint of deep water and I'm shitting myself immediately.
Connery would be proud of that chest rug.
I'm sensing some angler fish hate in this video lol
Kristen Stewart is the worst 1 dimension character and arguably the least relatable actress of modern times. Fight me.
Rodrigo 100% knew that helmet was cracked going in and still decided to put it on. The scene literally shows him acknowledging this and giving her the good helmet.
No offense, is there a source for ringwoodite housing 3x the amount of the ocean? I saw that it could do it, it never said THAT MUCH
Anglerfish!
In the Inuit culture in Alaska, they have a creature known as a Ningen or the Qualuplik. Plus, the supernatural world is part of the natural world. We just dont know how to comfirm it with equipment yet.
The funny thing about the YouTube censoring it has promoted you to utilise your creativity and humour to make amusing statements in the face of horrific material. I now use those words myself. ❤ You do amazing, incredibly entertaining writing for your scripts and I hope you continue to grow and pursue where this talent may lead you. Limitations are the keys to adaptation - and I think as a biologist, you would appreciate that statement.
0:25 "A few days ago"? The oldest articles I'm finding about Ringwoodite is from 2014. That's literally <uses online calculator> 3,528 "few days" ago, chief. Some of us care about the science and discoveries. Don't muck it up. Cheers!
0:25 "A few days ago"? The oldest articles I'm finding about Ringwoodite is from 2014. That's literally <uses online calculator> 3,528 "few days" ago, chief. Some of us care about the science and discoveries. Don't muck it up. Cheers!
I know you wont see this, but i track my fear of the occean back to one time on a vacation to panama city beach with my family, i was on a banana boat ride, and the driver went, like WAYYY out. and i slipped off. Just me. a 13? year old kid. In the deep dark ocean where i cant see anything. well, turns out i landed RIGHT in the midle of a jelly fish.. school? and got lit the fuck up with stings, it took about 10 minutes for a boat to come back out and help me, I froze in fear, and was scared if i tried to actually swim back i would just tire my self out and drown. So i sat there, getting stung hundreds  of times while i just waited with god knows what else below me. and then that same trip after recovering from the stings a few days later,  i got sun poisoning because i didnt put any sunscreen on, which is like burning hot knives digging and twisting into you for a week straight. and then my family friend crush left me alone in a giant maze so she could go sneak off with my older brother so i got lost in a giant maze by myself and just started crying till she finally came back to get me because she got introuble for leaving me in there for an hour.. So safe to say, i hate the beach now. it  felt good to vent that.
The way that guy’s face stretches and deforms as he’s being pulled out of the suit is horrifying
The Evolution of Cthuluh
Screw Subnautica, try a game called SOMA, it’s literally everything I am afraid of rolled into one game
The chest hair is majestic.....   just saying.
When you started talking about the 2 separate species the first thing that came to my mind were the Remora. I could also see an idea where the Cthulhu was a filter feeder. The sea apes using it as their environment to feed off parasitic species if they aren't the parasites themselves. In the hypothetical of this being a creature from a pocket, I wonder how well it could survive. It's size and depth would make it difficult to ascend for better feeding grounds, so the rarity of the Cthulhu species could be from them unable to adapt fast enough leaving all the "apes" to gather around the last one.
Imagine if there were a sequel to this movie, but it was a TV series about Liam and Emily, the only survivors. And if this was the script:  "In the aftermath of the deep-sea disaster, Liam and Emily find themselves burdened with survivor's guilt. As the only survivors, they feel a profound sense of responsibility towards their fallen coworkers and friends who lost their lives in the tragedy. To their dismay, Tian Industries, the deep-sea drilling corporation they once trusted, shows little remorse and takes no responsibility for the lives lost.  This callous disregard for the lives of their coworkers becomes a driving force behind Liam and Emily's determination to seek justice and bring Tian to its knees. Fueling their war against the corporation is not only their desire for personal retribution but also their deep-seated empathy for the lost souls who can no longer fight for themselves.  As they delve deeper into their investigation, Liam and Emily uncover a network of deceit, cover-ups, and corporate greed. Tian's actions are revealed to be not only criminally negligent but also intertwined with a sinister cult known as the "Cult of Cthulhu." The revelation that Tian was not only aware of the existence of ancient Eldritch abominations but actively conspired with a cult to awaken the malevolent Cthulhu sends shockwaves through Liam and Emily's world.  They soon realize that their nightmares, which have plagued them ever since the deep-sea disaster, were not just random terrors but a direct result of Cthulhu's influence seeping into their minds. The realization that their nightmares were a forewarning of the impending doom and a connection to the ancient entity adds a chilling layer of terror to their journey.  Armed with this understanding, Liam and Emily must confront not only the external threats posed by Tian and the cult but also the internal battles with their own sanity. The boundary between dreams and reality blurs as they face hallucinations, psychological torment, and the constant presence of Cthulhu within their minds. Their nightmares become both a curse and a guide, propelling them forward even as they struggle to maintain their grip on reality.  Driven by their newfound knowledge, Liam and Emily become consumed by their mission to expose both Tian and the Cult of Cthulhu. Their pursuit of justice takes them to dark and foreboding corners of the world, as they unearth ancient artifacts and decipher cryptic texts in their quest to dismantle the cult's plans and prevent the true cataclysmic awakening of Cthulhu.  As they navigate this treacherous journey, Liam and Emily's mental and emotional fortitude is tested to the limits. Nightmares and hallucinations haunt their every step, blurring the line between reality and madness. The weight of their guilt and the horrors they witness threaten to push them over the edge, but their determination to honor the memory of the fallen and thwart the cult's malevolent agenda keeps them fighting.  Their relationship becomes a crucible, strained by the immense pressure and shared trauma they face. The couple must confront their own personal demons and reconcile their conflicting emotions as they navigate the horrors that lie ahead. Their love for each other becomes a beacon of hope, a source of strength amidst the chaos and darkness that surrounds them.  In the heart-pounding finale, Liam and Emily find themselves confronting the ultimate evil as they come face-to-face with Cthulhu itself. The fate of humanity hangs in the balance as they stand against the overwhelming power and apocalyptic threat posed by the Eldritch abomination. Sacrifices are made, and the consequences of their actions reverberate throughout their lives and the world they seek to protect."
KRIS-ten.
Yes go on and on with guesses, and completely ignore the old writings of spirit creatures that were locked away in chains of darkness, for their crimes against the Perfect God. Amazing the things pagans come up with, and somewhat entertaining
is it just me or do the mech suits look like power armor from fallout🤣
3:06 Google is failing me, I need a source on the effects of microgravity on telomeres stat please.
I once got mugged in a dark alleyway in the rain, it was probably an angler fish.
Could all three creatures work similar to ants or bees? Like same species just different roles? The smaller infant one they brought back at the beginning could grow into the workers, the larger ones that are big enough to swallow humans are the drones, then the leviathan is the queen and there’s only one per however many workers and drones.
Personally I thought the suits were more like a Terran Space Marine than Mjolnir.
what's this angler fish slander >=(
I might be completely wrong but i aint fact checking allat, just a hunch. If there were to be a breach in the integrity of the station as seen in the beginning, would the entire station not just implode under that much pressure? Maybe if separate rooms would be pressurised separately and you'd need to go through a whole routine to get to different rooms and a bit of the structure could survive but i still believe the entire thing should've just imploded. Must unbelievable part off all imo is them outrunning the water. But that's just my opinion, lemme know what y'all think
Holy shit ok I did the breathing thing and yeah that’s fuckin wild
Soooooo the suits HAD to have the emergency alternative air source there couldn't be a megalodon in an water pocket is not possible because there couldn't ever be a sustainable amount of air for the water and it would adapt so HEAVILY it would be another subspecies of sharks it would be smaller with less open food it's skin would be red for hunting as it's the first color to dissappear in darkness, white as the result of cold darkness affecting pigmentation, or clear with biolumanessence and finally it would stop having teeth and start filter feeding
You mention that they have eye sockets but no eyes, but the 3-d model has tiny black dots where the eyes would be. I just assumed there are massive orits but perhaps the eyes are very small. Which is silly in and of itself, as that deep underwater, you typically want bigger eyes.
32:30 it would be the opposite. It would adapt to access those areas and thus have an advantage over others. If there isn't an advantage to going deeper, they wouldnt adapt to it.
I am the one who eats the moon pies
I'm convinced there's still some weirder life forms in the deeper parts of our planet. Much older and stranger than we could imagine. Early Invertebrate Life has had billions of years of changes to crawl down miles away. My father has seen some weird things in his lifetime on the Ocean. Most of it was hungry. None of it human shaped. We don't belong there.
so if you cracked that rock open wouldn't you just make another ocean?
See what you're greatest fear would be rabies jumping the species barrier to angler fish
maybe the smaller squid like creatures are similar parasites like the Clover field parasites as they are seen on the bigger Cthulhu looking creators skin
Our creator is the one that created water dumb dumb
20:17 looks like mozzarella cheese 💀
Rodrigo did know about the crack in the helmet. If you look at him when they are gearing up, he spots the crack and gives the good one to the MC.
You should check out simulations of the sub that recently spontaneously imploded. Pretty violent event in all directions….
Pure oxygen is dangerous!!
man, i love anything that has colossal, terrifying creatures in it. but now, I want a lore deep dive (haha) on something that most likely has no lore. Is dumb how said colossal, terrifying creature dies though.
Aquatic Apes:🥶 Sea Monkeys:😎
Your videos get better and better ^^
Bros got angler fish problems
i played barotrauma that creature is light work
I do like the concept of an Eldritch creature. Tis a delicious horror for tales such as this. Hell, the aquatic apes could be Deep Ones. As could the Leviathan technically. They’d still fit scientific explanations, Deep Ones, but still
Ok so i get your more of modern animals but the Meg literally CANNOT exist. Don’t go yelling “but DeEPsEA FiSh WaS FoUnD” megs were MOST LIKELY costal sharks and it was clear they were ate and starved into extinction because of lyviathans (big sperm whale) and the fact there natural prey migrated to warmer waters because of climate change (the ice age)
Not going to lie I think this is one of the only movies Kristen Stewart actually did well in and acted the part. We always make fun of her and her lack of emotions but with the character that she portrayed this time it fit well with someone who has an acceptable personality to just want to be at the bottom of an ocean doing rote maintenance tasks on a day-to-day basis surrounded by miles and miles and miles of crushing water. Believable Kristen W
These are based on the real life creature known as the Ningen, a massive Lovecraftian being that live deep in the oceans of Japan, but no specimen is found yet
New game take a shot every time Roanoke mentions Anglerfish!
Hey, I think I recognize a couple of these guys.
The director has confirmed that the leviathan is Cthulhu. The humanoid creatures living in its pores are ancient humans.
The scene where his head just…basically pancakes is straight up horrific. He went form a panicked human to some pice of laffy taffy.
Yeah so the whole water inside the rock thing isn't actually that new. A Christian Bible literally mentions that. And also is a giant middle finger to everyone. That said, the flood couldn't have happened in the Bible because it's not enough water. Well once again the Bible is verified by science and then a series are proven wrong
Subnautica is probably one of the best games for conquering fear of deep water for a singular reason:  EVERYTHING is audio-based. You will always hear stuff LONG before it gets close. Nothing will snatch you out of nowhere or out of the darkness.
22:49 Even if the suit did have a way to release pressure, they would still have both died if the captain hadn't cut her loose due to nitrogen forming bubbles in the body, which can cause tissue and nerve damage, as well as paralysis or death if it occurs in brain. Which it certainly would in this case. It's called decompression sickness or the bends.
I'm pretty sure I heard of this movie in SovietWomble's video on “The Forest”.
Your tile makes it looks like that a deep sea dwelling real life Godzilla is real. Don't know how to take that.
I fucking love moon pies, you're insane!!
Hey I love moon pies
15:34 I have the answer you seek…  The United States Armed Forces and its branches, especially basic combat training units.  It’s like a treat for soldiers in a way, just like a warm meal served out of a truck with a bunch of green hot boxes in them is a treat.
2:38 that’s baffling.  What was it, about 60 years ago or so we started shooting people up into the void right.  How obvious is it that in the absence of gravity (micro gravity is still gravity though) muscles won’t be pushed as hard, same with our biological makeup…so of course it’s all going to get weaker/degrade.
#pubertylegs
lethal company but underwater
calmest creature in subnatica
'KIERSTEN STEWART'
You should do Subnautica, no balls.
Despite the fact Kristen Stewart is in this movie, now I wanna check it out!
The Roebuck was their largest drill site and was still active.
Ok, we NEED an angler fish tee!
4:00 "Keer-sten" Stewart???
09:46: Once, me and a stranger saw two girls(ages 13-16) caught in a tide. It began pushing them toward the open sea. I'm no Phelps, but I consider myself a capable swimmer, the girls jumped over us, clawing at me and attempting to submerge me. In that, I thought, "This is it, I'll die today." Surprisingly, a sense of calm overcame me, triggering autopilot mode, which made me do exactly what was needed to overcome the situation. I stopped fighting the tides directly and started swimming sideways until the tide was bearable. I don't remember exactly and I can't explain how, but I've never felt such tranquility. I knew what to do and executed it in an instant. Fortunately, everyone went home that day
A sphere of glass with a vacuum inside as part of an ROV , cracked and imploded. With the force of a stuck of dynamite. A suit with air inside being crushed in the blink of an eye might cause a mini explosion. Water would rebound off itself multiple times to. Just like when you watch slow mo of underwater explosions.
You think we'd ever be told about it if this was more than a movie.  I mean noone can get down there but government, big companies and researchers.
On the subject of marine biology, would you ever be interested in doing a video on Splatoon? (Splatoon 3 specifically sounds perfect for this channel)
I appreciate all the half nude ladies in this movie.
it's Cthulhu, it's apparently a retelling of the story.
One of the videos you watch when you're bored
I really liked how the suits looked, they remind me of Gears of War. Sucks that this movie didn’t make a huge success, but the concept was cool.
Before Rodrigo put his helmet on he noticed the one he was about to hand away was cracked, so he chose to take the faulty one and let the others live, at least that’s what his intention was
The amount of times bro said “ offspring “ Just say kid or something 😭
8:00 Fallout power armor looking suit.
Probably just a dolphin trying to sexually assault you.👍
Thank you so damn much. This movie went completely under my radar, and seems most peoples in general, yet is hands down one of the best horrors put out in the last few years. I will say its nice to try and make it scientific and all, but this is Lovecraft based through and though. To the point big boy this confirmed by the director as Cthulhu himself. Fun easter egg is the map scene has one of Lovecrafts own sketches of what he envisioned the idol would look like from Call of Cthulhu.
Wasn't this whole thing an episode of New Johnny Quest? Like, beat for beat except fewer people died and they sealed the canyon again at the end by blowing up a submarine?  And I guess it was a series of research stations underwater instead of oil drilling ones.
Step on land, let’s see how tough they are
Nah, look at the color of the suit explosion. That wasn't a pressure thing, it was some sort of internal power supply. A pressure burst wouldn't light up blue like that.
Anyone else ears just started ringing and spaced out during the math portion?
if you don't wanna play Subnautica, why not play Soma?
Maybe they are descended with apes, they fell into the ocean, got sealed in an subterranean underwater cave. Having nothing better to do, had sex with little fishes first to acquire gills, eventually with squids to acquire tentacles, & eventually with jellyfish.  If they have gone above the surface & had sex with a nuclear warhead. Can you imagine the power they would've acquire?
gears of war ass looking scuba suites
I’ve always wondered if implosion is really the right term for it. That makes me think of something exploding inwards instead of out wards. This is more like squeezing a tube of tooth paste. Or. Think of it like a can of soup in your hand. While the can is intact you can’t crush it. But if there is damage to the can with a hole. You can - if you’re strong -  crush the can. Thus causing the soup to come shooting out of the hole.
Lurrean - Earth King Sua - Summer king (fire) Txmista - spring (lightning)
Moral of the story: angler fish are scary and the deep depths hold unimaginable terrors.
9:10 If you go back and watch the earlier scene where he picks up his helmet, you can see there is a crack in it. It almost looks at first as if he gave the faulty helmet to her, but it turns out he kept it for himself knowing it was there.
Don't worry Roanoke, I'll play subnautica for you, and I'll scan a reaper. also thank god the gargantuan leviathan isn't released yet!
when I was 5 I went swimming in a local lake and had a run in with an alligator gar :)
I have a fear of the deep sea, but most of that comes from the fact that I could be crushed/suffocated/drowned/boiled alive/frozen in about 30 different ways, and the fact that I'm basically powerless to stop ANY of it.  But giant monsters swallowing me whole is just another level of terrifying.
I have never related so much to a single word my entire life as I have when Roanoke said  "No"  The delivery  Priceless
Man is obsessed with the nefarious anglerfish
fun fact you cant have a pressure relief valve on a pressure suit. implosion means to move inward. its sudden but not as dramatic what they are showing in the move is explosion of the suit that would not happen do to the pressure inside would have to be greater then the outside.
Why on earth is this called a "Gaming" channel?
“i sTuDy the bRaIn” but lacks the knowledge of knowing why the water rushes in with the depth pressure and not out is beyond me. If you are down there at a depth as such, any open space you are in wherever it is down there that water coming in? Crushes you. Common sense. What’s not common is people comparing the water to a captive bolt gun. All that water hitting you is the bolt. Yeah na you’re fucked. No country for old men. 😁
8:00 literal power armour Lmao
Deep-pressure creatures also tend to evolve to survive on very little food, since food would be more scarce in the deep, they might have more elastic stomachs for prolonged digestion so they can pull every scrap of nutrients from whatever they get ahold of. The species might also turn to cannibalism when food is low, when older members die, or when their numbers grow too numerous. That also means the species would also probably turn into blebs if they were brought to he surface due to the significant lack of pressure. Not sure if they would have a skeletal structure though at that depth. If their tendrils are fusing between their infant and adolescent phase, it could be that the muscles are fusing in a way, which could possibly point to exceptional fine-motor control and unprecedented strength built for traversing at that depth.
Who's to say cthulhu isn't a natural species people observed at some point and just called it a god because they couldn't fathom something like that being natural?
That was just a class 1 kaiju and the parasits that live around it. This whole thing is a pacific rim prequel. 😂
Am i crazy or wasn't there another video about a similar movie (about an underground mining op or smth) with a mysterious giant creature vaguely shown but never entirely?
Rodrigo did know the helmet was faulty. He chose to be selfless and gave the non-faulty helmet to Norah.
Black character always dies first 😂 Hollywood hasn't change a bit
5:13 its gears 5 that kait gets trapped under the ruble not 4 beyond that great video my dood.... also fuck angler fish.. honestly tho fuck gulper eels they are the real demons of the sea.
You can't fool me. You aren't afraid of angler fish, you're afraid of strong women.
Sea monkeys!
I love the angler fish jokes
Roanoke definitely has Thalassophobia
They were Deep Ones
i have a slight suspicion you may not be a fan of the angler fish, may be wrong though it's a wild guess
That was one of the creepiest looking creatures I coulda ever imagined, the body of the one on the floor almost looked like a hermit crabs sausage like body with those thin whip like appendages. Really gross
yay! thanks greed! thanks for releasing these creatures on humanity. just what we needed …
Ever noticed how in near enough every movie /TV program someone brushes their teeth??
Take a shot every time he says "angler fish"
That leviathan is cthulhu, the director confirmed it.
8:22 Ok. That's foul. Of course, he died first.😑
Your videos are like the formal version of your friend who shows you garbage and is like "But it really could happen bro" but you back it up and i love it
You drilled a hole into Cthulhu's roof, he has a right to stand his tectonic plate and defend himself.
I have a slight feeling that Roanoke might hate anglerfish. I don't know, could be wrong.
Rodrigo did know the helmet was cracked, he picks one up and observes a big safety hazard on the visor. Next scene he hands one to Norah... After the spongebob music they walked into the pool and it lowered, then Rodrigo suffered more pressure than that of Chinese parenting and caved in.
AKSHUALLY! It was Gears 5 where Kait got stuck under the building... Props to you for remembering her name, I played the games and still have trouble remembering her name, only that I have a deep seated hatred for her and her entire bloodline that will not be sated until it is done.
Ph'nglui mglw'nafh Cthulhu R'lyeh wgah'nagl fhtagn
maybe its like the dragons of reign of fire ... the big thing is a "bull" and the female ones are the smaler ones and so on and so furth
omg! u look exactly like my brother in law :"D
The large thing that brushed against your leg was probably a shark. They actually brush against people all the time.
The mispronounciation of Cthulu mildy bothers me
You don't need to say the number down to the decimal. That's completely superfluous and just distracting for the purpises of just getting an idea of roughly how much force is wt work. The variance  between humans destroys the accuracy you're trying to get at so for example there's no point of saying "127.4", 130 is perfectly fine.
Scuba instructor, clearing up some misconceptions: Oxygen toxicity effect isn't narcotic, if you suffer from it you'll convulse, first with your body going rigid, then more like a grand mal seizure. What is narcotic however is nitrogen, when breathing air at higher pressure you can suffer from nitrogen narcosis. CO2 is also narcotic at pressure. Which brings me to the next misconception: a deep sea hardshell suit like this wouldn't have an oxygen scrubber, it would have a CO2 scrubber, removing the CO2 from your exhaled air, so it only has to replace the oxygen you've used, oxygen tanks and CO2 scrubber is much more space and weight efficient than air tanks. CO2 also triggers the breathing response, so a bad scrubber would have you both high, and breathing heavily, trying to expell CO2 from your body.  Movie fridge logic misses: When the facility is leaking and no longer holding the water out, pressure would increase sharply inside, everyone would be getting quite high and pretty soon convulse, there wouldn't be much time, that deep, and getting into the suits would just seal that same pressure in. The whole team would be tripping and convulsing before long. That's if they even get to their suits, at that depth the pressure of the water seeping in would be like industrial waterjet cutters, it wouldn't be flowing down the walls, it would be cutting them to pieces, a pinhole opening would be like a bandsaw.
This video is excellent, but the movie seems like a fat dog ate the concept of an already B tier sci-fi flick and shit out the movie we were given. 2/10 sci-fi.
Hmm, workers gathering energy at the bottom of the sea, and attacks by creatures with deep sea gigantism... Reminds me of the book Starfish by Peter Watts.
I love Moonpies, and I buy them often.  Walmart sometimes sells them, but you can almost always find them at Cracker Barrel!
7:59 "Which are basically Mjolnirs..."  Dude literally mentioned Gears moments ago but fails to make the connection I do when I see boombox chest plates.
I definitely think it’s a natural species in this movie. If it WERE to be literally just Cthulhu I feel like more lovecraftian elements could and should be used to show that. This just kinda seems like big ol sea monster, like you said, a leviathan.
Normal barotrauma expirience
You're thinking about the supernatural aspect wrong imo. The terrifying concept in the moment of you seeing one of these thing woulf essentially be that these creatues were not just tellings and stories of fiction, but possibly real observation or prophecies. That to be is a dreadful thought
I have never related more  Fuck deep water. I don't care if it's a lake, river, ocean, particularly deep pool,   I don't care
A diving suit like this is not over pressurized, it has normal human-friendly pressure and is built to resist the positive pressure difference coming from being deep undersea, so if the suit fails "pressure goes in", not out. That's why they're called atmospheric diving suits, you take a bit of ground level pressure with you in a way.
1:32 these are just brotherhood of steel knights proove me wrong
Holy crap I did not realize how terrified poor Roanoke is
Man I like your videos but I don’t get the comment regarding burning fossils fuels and saying “we don’t really know what it does it’s all just politics at this point”.   We know what happens when we excessively burn hydrocarbons. We know what has been happening with increased fossil fuel burning over the period of time that humans have been using it.   For someone who really leans heavily into biological sciences I’m confused as to why you would include something like that in your video.
TENTACLES! Plants have tendrils. Animals have tentacles. Also, I am the reason moon pies are still being made. Specifically banana.
i share that sentiment about subnautica, even in the creative mode i have anxiety, and i am really glad nothing like the gargantuan leviathan is actually in the game
This was the absolute worst excuse for a Lovecraftian movie, apparently Cthulhu was supposed to originally be a big whale monster, they changed it to Cthulhu at the last minute for absolutely no reason other than the character's growing popularity at the time and that really shows in the final version.
Kirsten Stewart was far better in this than Pattinson was in batman, but TJ Miller made this movie! Love Big and Little Paul
It’s all the angler fishes fault😠
the "you break our toys, we break your species" was hilarious
This guy would rather be in a room with a biblically accurate monster than in a room with an angler fish
Fun fact the director said the monster at the end is Catcthulu! So apparently he based this on call of Cathulu (I know I'm not spelling it right here) I know it don't feel like that but it looks it another species it could be is the star spawn, A race of aliens that were metaphoric but after being in the presence of God took and kept his form to honor and worship him.
Oh look, its mermaids and lord triton.
MATH
Holy shit, all I can hear is you flapping your gums, bla bla bla, on and on and on, shut the hell up and play the clip already. Had to chick off finally just to get rid of you, shut up.
Internet historian 🤮
considering that coelacanth exists your theory on being sealed away is highly possible but that would mean their home would probably have to be a mega cave that would be even deeper aka scary
Underwater is a Lovecraftian movie and those are Deep Ones as simple as that.
Does anyone see the resemblance between the suits and the fallout power armour
the dog that scared roanoke was a shork definitly
Angler fish
Jokes on them; I'm into that shit!
Moonpies are delicious
lovecraftian horror is hard to nail, this movie did it splendidly
I think you might have something against Anglar Fish
Filmmakers confirmed it was the Dreadlord Cthulhu and its minions in the movie. So sadly the supernatural copout answer is the canon answer.
U are very smert :3
Climate "change" is a scam. It's Agenda 2030. Research "The U.N. Sustainability Act" of 1992. You'll understand what's actually going on.
All life shares a single ancestor scientists believe, that deep in the ocean a thing called 'abiogenesis' occurred where life was created by a chemical soup. This organism without competition blanketed the earth like the ocean, the dying members of its species floating to the bottom and condensing as a sediment layer. All dirt on earth is created through erosion of rock and flesh. And so is oil. Eventually diverse life came about from the abundance of this organism.
I dare someone to take a shot every time he says anglerfish.
“If this is a supernatural event then this is the Dark Lord Cthulu blah blah blah this is boring” son I will fight you, don’t be bashing my Lovecraftian horror
I think that perhaps these creatures are more like a type of Siphonophore, many individuals making up a colony. The leviathan is likely the one who produces the smaller clones of itself and they act as a work force for it similar to how ants serve a queen. They would gather up food which would then be passed once digested to the larger creature through some sort of method.
These are obviously the basis of naiads and sea nymphs! There was that mural in the diving chamber in the beginning.  Also, I've never heard of any mammal becoming capable of breathing water. I think whales have been around for around 20 millions yrs old so if anything would have re evolved gills it would be them not primates and they haven't gotten close
random comment to help with the **ALGORITHMS** 12/22 inappropriate statement
Anyone else come here because they forgot he covered movies? I wanted to hear about the new bipedal ocean creatures 🙄
The one that tries to eat her head looks like a Ningen. Or I guess it depends on the depiction of the Ningen. It doesn't really resemble the "Imma go strollin'." two legged snowman thing.  That would be even more horrifying.
God I hate the ocean so much. Any large, deep body of water actually. Even lakes and rivers. Extreme thalassophobia. Simply looking at photos of the ocean is enough to give me strong feelings of anxiety.
I know you hate the deep sea, so do I. But it would be amazing to see your analysis of those organisms. Subnautica was the one game I just couldn’t play because I was always on edge over nothing even in the shallow waters which is the safe area. Idk why I’ve never had any trauma incidents like you did. Earlier I was watching a video one of the extinct creatures in subnautica and was thinking it would be great to have Roanoke analyze this thing, and now I will have to speculate all by myself now, how sad :(
The big one is literally confirmed to be Cthulhu.
bruh please just write which film you are actually talking about wtf
My god, please take some science classes before talking about science. Nobody has ever claimed oils came from dinosaurs, we know exactly where oil comes from, and how it forms. We know it so well, we know exactly where to find it.
Ok, for the beginning... No, just no. We didn't just discover this, we have known about it for centuries. What we discovered was larger amounts than we thought existed. Also the water in it doesn't "seep out", the mineral would have to be heated to its melting point to release the water, which would come out as a vapor. And the water would be reabsorbed as the mineral cooled back off. Mars also has this same mineral, and no we can't get the water back out.
adlib discussions trying to b funny ugh
Ugh maths, far more terrifying than any devious creature
18:30 im seeing a reoccurring theme
you were cracking me the fuck up in this vid more than usual. I really needed some genuine laughs too thank you so much lol the angler fish bit was really killing me. I felt like there were a couple times I felt you showed major constraint in NOT saying "angler fish" where it wouldve fit lol just so good loved this one <3
Hey! I enjoy moon pies. Also, really enjoyed the talk about the brain. I'm really into biology and chemistry in my classes and that brain talk was spectacular. "Anxiety Meat" had me almost burst out laughing.
Kristen Stewart is M&M now?
You missed that the captain has drawings of the creatures and “Cthulhu” tied with string to the map. Assuming the company already had knowledge of what was there. Plus at the end Tian covers it up and says they want to drill again. Then there’s the slogan “We have something Big in store” it was a Cult.
You need to see an osteopath if you're suffering with Tinnitus. It is a pressure on your nerve problem, and the nerve connects through your thoracic spine to an area attached to the eardrum. The pressure on nerves will cause ear feedback loops, I once injured my sacroiliac joints and had tinnitus, I then had years of Thoracic spine issues worsened by working at a PC all day every day (I assume you're the same)  So see an osteopath and drop me a thankies after your first night of undisturbed sleep. It has NOTHING to do with your ears or brain, and everything to do with pressure on your either exposed or deteriorating myelin coating on your nerves. Super easy fix the medical establishment just won't support chiro or osteo medicines because it actually fixes things.  They'll teach you how to make adjustments for comfort yourself after the fact. I have helped many people with this suggestion, my cousin had Tinnitus for over a decade, one appointment, gone. Osteopaths are basically Nikola Tesla of bone, muscle and nerve science. Just find a good one through reviews, and take one appointment. You have nothing to lose, everything to gain.  Also, we evolved from fish, so it's actually pretty likely that something would develop like this given the right circumstances. Think about Cephalopods in 300 millions years for example, I think it's likely they will eventually evolve hands given how much they utilise their appendages as 'hands' as it is already. Not only that, we only assume the fish shape is optimum in an aquatic environment because most stuff looks like that. However a lot need to keep moving to breathe and a lot burn off more energy moving than is necessary. However humans can swim for unbelievable amounts of times, so stamina is actually a more dominant feature of any kind of evolution here on Earth. So a humanoid being developed underwater doesn't actually seem that implausible, and the body adaptations similar to hominids would ensure greater stamina and intelligence. Think of it maybe like a spin off of primates, same fish but didn't climb onto land. Like that, eventually it would come to a similar conclusion even against very specific environmental conditions. I honestly don't know though, but I'm one of those people that believes there are actually a hominid-like species in our oceans. I just don't believe that humans made up sirens, dragons and other things but were mentioned all over the world in different times when we had no way of communicating with each other.
Shit like this, is why you should alwyas have a spear gun and a big ass diving knife
it was actually confirmed by the director William Eubanks that the Leviathan is supposed to be Cthulhu.
8:38 You mention the implosion blasting them away, but their mech suits might have something that can cause a minor, but not lethal, explosion that would knock them back in the water or on their ass on land, similar to a flashbang.  That's just a theory though...
Bros trying to get people to play the pass out game.
So on the moon pie thing the people that do actually buy them buy them like crazy. They will buy all of them. I had a customer that bought the entire order we recieved every week nhad another guy that bought all the swisher sweets we got in too.
To be fair, Kristen Stewart was actually really good in this movie, they definitely utilised her acting capabilites far better than Twilight did.
The worst part of this movie is that it immediately starts. The most crucial part of a story is a "day in the life" sequence. You immediately lose all sense of stakes when thats removed
My theory is that the little things embed themselves in the humans, combine with them, thus creating the bipedal creature and explaining why they are humanoid. The big thing could be one of them that made it past natural selection. All this would start do to them being released when mining, of course.
Guys you are missing the point here. The point of this movie is to show the truth behind what angler fish look like and what they can do to underwater structures
I could be wrong, but touching on the implosion scene; I do believe an implosion could still release a shockwave. 2 examples:   1) Mantis Shrimp can snap its claw shut so fast, that it boils the water trapped between the claws- this creates, steam, which creates a pocket of low pressure- which then implodes on itself, creating a shockwave to neutralize its prey almost like a concussive stun    2) There was a submarine accident in like the 50s where the sub went past its critical depth rating- the radio went silent but people on ships at the surface heard a very loud sound- it was later determined that what they heard was the sound of the sub imploding- so if the sound of the implosion reached all the way to the surface- I would imagine some kind of propagating wave (maybe not strictly a shockwave) is created when an implosion occurs in area of high pressure.
Ocean gated is crazy bro💀
The sea ape type creatures are reference to a cryptid called a ningen which are pale white humanoid creatures sometimes reported to be as big as whales that were reported by Japanese fisherman for generations, taking this into account it may not have been the drilling that released the Cthulhu species but rather attracted it with the mass vibrations or the symbiosis could have been a more rapid adaptation as the sea apes have a counterpart that is either a relative or them before the change
7:31 I will *literally play the game and send you the footage* if I have to, the bacteria is really interesting!!!
Ha... I'm 36 heading to 40. It totally makes sense to me that I've been dying since 28.
Dude. I feel you. I would literally rather fight a grizzly bear knowing that I will die. Than have to go into the deep black ocean. Anxiety through the fucking roof. The only weird thing that I would do that is still none the less terrifying when you think about it. Is sail across the ocean in an old frigate or wooden sailing vessel. Something about everyone having to pull their weight less the ship goes off coarse or sinks is oddly appealing. I don't understand why. Maybe it's the loose feeling of being in control. That being said. If that ship sinks. I'm just done and hoping to god that I'm in the north Atlantic because I heard stories of what happened to the people on the USS Indianapolis and fuck that fate too. Combine being eaten alive and drowning to death and I'd rather make a high velocity impact with the ground from several thousand feet in the sky.
The irony of saying "I don't believe in the supernatural" then going on to say whales used to be land animals. Since you have never observed this phenomena, and neither has anyone else, this is essentially supernatural to you and you spout it off as truth.
Saying "the supernatural is boring" is like saying "anything I haven't experienced is boring." To assume what you haven't seen or can't conceptualize doesn't exist is exactly why you'll spend your life in the box of slavery - slavery to forces you do not acknowledge and cannot understand. You've closed your mind to possibilities, and apparently decided all that exist are the things you can perceive. Good thing people of the past didn't adopt your mindset, otherwise atoms would have been written off as supernatural and boring.
They hear something around them but don't know what it is -angler fish-  😂🤣
I think the leviathan one is the same species, but this one is a female kinda like a bee situation, and the reason this female hasnt developed apendages is because of some sort of royal jelly because as you know queen bees main purpose is to lay eggs and reproduce and in this species thats its only purpose so it never ended up needing the arms and legs meaning this is the queen
How about... Playing SOMA
The suit imploding makes sense at such depths. When the pressure escapes, the depths makes it constrict from the largest chamber, which would be the torso/abdomen area. The sudden compression creates an outward explosive force once it ruptures.  Implosions are an inward force (like suction) that creates an outward force from the intensity of the inward force being too much for the material to stand, rupturing and releasing the compression outwards, 90 percent of the time being at a highly explosive tendency.  Many think of implosions as explosions that fo in, then release outward, which that is a possible form of implosions, but the most common implosions are from a suction to compression causing an outward burst from the incapability of the material to hold such compressive tension so suddenly.
Aquatic ape is a weird way of saying mermaid
Funny because I have the same fear of the unknown in the water. I used to be scared of sharks but I realized even looking at dark or deep water scares me. And you're video about the Behemoth in Calistico Protocol and how the moon is just a big dark body of water encased in ice is absolutely terrifying to me. There probably is a Behemoth in there
8:20 i bet an anglerfish rubbed against his leg thus rooting his deep hatred
Starting to get the impression that someone isn’t exactly fond of the anglerfish…?
23:10 what is it again
Sergeant Johnson is the best halo character!  Am I right Marines?
Good god, not Kristen Stewart. 🤮
What's the deal with him and the angler fish? Lol
Wether the big one is a cathulu or not, I'll be naming it cathulu just because
We need a sequel now... "You break our toys, we break your species" is such a killer line that describes us as humanity.
i didn't like that they had more science talk before the action starts.
Love the content but you gotta reread through your scripts. There were so many times where things you were saying lacked continuity or had grammatical errors. The one that springs to mind is when you mentioned giant squid and angler fish being able to reach 3.3 feet. I get that you were describing the angler fish's size but the way the sentence structure was a weird way to convey the information
I really thought it was a angler fish 😢
It could be a evolved caphalopod.
My instant reaction to the leviathan was "Cthulu!"
Is this enough proof that Erlich Bachman is dead?
I like how their faces are lit up  blinding them..    so dumb
Anything adapted to that pressure shouldn't be able to survive in 1 atmo
Memory versus wits or wisdom or just simple reflex. The brain will try to use that what was useful in the past experience
Alright, guys, time to play everybody's favourite game: _Am I Mispronouncing It Or Are You?_  Is it "kuh-THOOL-hu" (how I pronounce it) or "kuh-TOOL-hu" (Your pronunciation).     The answer: we're both right and we're both wrong. These two pronunciations are accepted, but Lovecraft pronounced it like /χʟʊʟˈluː/ (which says something like "khlool-HU", I think). Either way, it cannot be properly pronounced by humans because it's from an alien language and our voice box isn't biologically capable of creating the necessary sounds, which is cosmically horrifying in a very subtle and specific way.
I disagree with 2 things when we first see the baby one. I could tell where the mouth was immediately, and it clearly looks like its a vertebrate. The large "tendril" coming off the back "like a tube" had fins like a tadpole or sea snake. There is clearly a spine in a tail like that, otherwise how would it move?  You said it most closely resembles a cephelapod...no...no it doesn't it looks like a vertebrate mammal that lives in the water now but used to live on land millions of years ago. Like a walrus. It even looks like it has a skeleton under its skin in the head part. Just because it has ONE feature of cephalopods, the "tendrils"/tentacles you say it most resembles them. I do not agree.
The humanoid things make me think about the stories about what's in Lake Vostok
How many chemical reactions are caused by consciousness reactions that happen first, and how many consciousness reactions happen from chemical reactions first? How much of the feedback loop is one or the other, and at what point is it a complete mixture of the two?
Fuck I just turned 28 going on 29 next month
If it was indeed a deep sea race of creatures, would they even pose any threat to humans on the surface? They would unlikely be able to survive in shallow waters, and certainly not have the capability to support their own weight out of water.
Can you do subnautica
when some imploded it collapses inward completely before blowing outward
with the size differences between angler male/female. could the legged versions be a male, while the larger none legged version be female. making the baby a female.
3:22 i know that exact pier and been there and still go there lmao
Wasnt gonna comment was gonna let it slide but im guessing "keyersten" is a major part of this shame really because kristen whose actually in this movie has a human name...
Holy shit I just finished that movie and this pops up 😮
One of Eminem's best acting performance in my book.
angler fish
this is literally just barotrauma lore lol
It was probably a bull shark because you said it bumped you and bull sharks do something called bump and bite
What if it's a branch of the Cloverfield monster species
Man lost me in the first 5 with that .DUMB ASF joke
I think Roanoke may have some kind of problem with anglerfish.
Moon pie cartel entered the chat with sharp knives!
What is this movie?
Some Cthulhu lore. There’s a space fairing species in the lore called Star Spawn, which had taken a similar looking and smaller form to Cthulhu as they worshipped him and followed him to earth. So that could be what these creatures are supposed to be. I’m slowly working my way through the stories he wrote, there’s a lot. 😅
I ain't watching allat, so thank you for watching it for us @RoanokeGaming
The directors confirmed its not cthulhu but an ancient prehistoric creature
If you think Subnautica is bad, then don't get me started on Barotrauma. This movie is almost identical to the game, just minus the Jovian moon of Europa and Hulking behemoths of submarines.
Haha “introducing the creature to man’s answer” that needs to be a line in the movie itself
Stop trying to educate me 😭😭
The talk about the brain during a life or death situation was fascinating, especially with how I've had that experience.  I was walking down my street and stopped to look at some flowers. I heard leaves rustling behind me, and I turned around to see two young moose emerging from the forest. I remember my brain racing a million miles a second, analyzing the area, recognizing the threat, telling me that an angry mother might appear.  I do not remember starting to run. I just did. I wasn't even registering what my eyes were seeing, my brain just wouldn't process it. It knew where my house was and told my feet to get there as fast as possible. I have never run that fast in my life. Funny thing is, right before I took off, I remember seeing one of the moose recoil in a "oh shit!" moment. They took off back into the forest, we had both freaked each other out 😂
When the company says there's only a few survivors it's because they killed off anyone who would have spilled the secrets.
Need to put the film title in youren video. Make it seem as it gewiss was .
7:25 please?
Underwater is an adaptation of the Cthulhu mythos. There is a few hints here and there throughout the movie that don't make any sense until the big reveal, the abyssal creatures are just babies of Cthulhu... Also on the beginning credits, Tian Industries... as in Lovecraf"Tian"
He sure don't like Angler Fishes
Would love to see you cover the infected in the mobile game "Life After"!
Thanks for this video, I hate it.
Between the Concordia incident and "the Moustache from Crema" ("il baffo da Crema", the man you've shown in the breathing-montage about oxygen, who in reality is a famous seller on tv sales), i'm starting to suspect you're italian too. 😁
Why not a natural species that inspired the stories that Lovecraft used to base chathulu on
Fyi, we dont say oil comes from dinosaurs. It comes from vast vegetation like ancient peak bogs. But you do hit on the fact that it may not be the only source, and every couple of years we find more reserves making it less and less likely we run out any time in the next 100 - 1000 years.  Also the teleomeres theory of aging was been debunked. 😄
Man, usually your stuff is solid because you stick to biology but this was hard to watch with the suits and pressure differentials.  Wait, pressure in the suit would be biology...  If the suit was pressurized to resist the inward pressure of the ocean your body would be under basically pressure equal to the water at the bottom of the ocean.  You would suffer nitrogen narcosis and die pretty damn quickly.  Even with Heliox or Hydreliox gas with a less than 1% level of oxygen you are at your PO2 limit of 1.6 at something like 1000 ft.  To be miles down there is no known and probably no possible gas combination that could prevent you from dying.  If they ahd it they wouldn't need the suits to resist the pressure then.  The suits can only work if they use mostly ambient internal pressures and then just physically resist the compression of the pressure.  The US Navy has a suit they use for diving down to like 2000+ ft and it's called the 1 atmo suit.  Because internally your body is at 1 atmosphere of pressure or 14ish psi.  You require zero decompression then but the suits are much less maneuverable than these are.   Secondly, the implosion absolutely would create an outward force.  Basically the heat caused by the compression of the air in the suit would cause water to boil off and expand.  It's why if you look at people blowing up fireworks underwater it can break the entire fish tank or in slow mo you see the cavitation and collapse over and over in a cycle until the energy dissipates.  Implosion is slightly different in the action since it's an inward rush of water without the initial outward push but imagine that the suit is the space made by an explosion and now it's closing in on it.  It will rebound and since water can't really compress it will transfer 99% or more of the energy with little to no loss.  It's more complicated than this as cavitation is also caused by local low pressure (like vacuum low) points causing the water to turn into a vapor but it instantly compresses back into water when out of the low pressure zone.  Heat and vacuum both boil water since boiling and freezing is just a combination of pressure and temperature.  They achieve the same end result mostly in the macro sense.  Source, EOD, then metrologist, and diver.
the theory i hear was that instead Cthulu was more probably father Dagon the one portray in the movie
You need to learn basic science... my god man you must have flunked high school
Wow,  this video was your first for me and it scratched the tism just right.
This looks like Orga from Godzilla 2000
BRO RC COLA AND A MOON PIE ARE THE BEST
your videos make me feel smart lol
Also, props for the base imploding after being breached, which is totally what happens because the pressure is just so hilariously high it just rips everything apart. Also, props for the not being able to ascend part without specialized equipment. Thats too what happens in reality, you cannot overcome the "weight" of the water on top of you by using the normal means of air filled vessels. You need specialized buoyancy devices like tanks filled with some type of oil or a specialized foam made from glass bubbles immersed in resin, that don't get crushed by the pressure or need a vessel so thick walled it negates the buoyancy.   Minus points for the leaks in the tunnel, you cannot have leaks because the tunnel would immediately fill up with water nearly completely, because the whole volume of air gets compressed in an extremely small volume and then dissolve into the water in short order. And you cannot have over pressure high enough to stop this, because the air would literally become toxic to us at those pressures, and disrupt bodily functions.
One thing I would like to point out. In regards to bipedal locomotion, that is actually not at all uncommon for ground dwelling "walking" animals. Mostly fish, of which multiple species have independently developed appendages used for bipedal locomotion on the sea floor.
To answer the moonpie question. They're a big thing in the southern United States. They're not popular anywhere else.
Naww, fuck naw those are deep ones in worship of The Sleeper of R'yleh, High Priest of the Great Old Ones, here to release our minds of all unneeded thought so that we may descend to our proper places.
Tinnitus is the worst thing on earth. When I first got it as a teenager I thought there was something broken in my room and I tore apart my room at night looking for it. Then I thought maybe I had something in my ear and started picking at it for weeks, thinking there was something in there. Then doctors visit, followed by Ear doctor visit where they put me in this sound booth and that was the worst experience of my life, in that booth with no noise, the ringing was so loud.
Angler fish: "WTF did i doooo man?"
It was confirmed by the creators that the Giant one was/is actually Cthulu.
15:33 I work at Walgreens and there is one guy who comes in regularly to buy Moon Pies. That man is keeping this company alive
i saw this on my feed, watched the movie, came back to say that if you are curious if this movie is worth watching, it's not. Just watch this video. The lack of airlocks and osha stuff is totally legit and immersion breaking. If you spent billions on a project, you'd want it to be somewhat salvageable right? it's like the whole mining station was designed to implode. there are much better movies worth your time.
Checkout the monsters from Hunt Showdown.
Guess what your going to love subnatica
Blue reeeaaally hates that angler fish 💀
Fun fact: most of deep sea creatures are completely helpless on land.
Not sure if you mentioned this but the company is called Tian Industries.  As in, LovecrafTIAN.  Confirmed by the director iirc.
Since nobody started going insane because they saw the "Leviathan" and that it is killed in the blast from the core. That just seals that it isn't Cthulhu. Since I doubt an eldritch god would be killed by something like that. Let alone the fact that the one person that directly saw it's face didn't start worshipping it or whatever
Nobody:   Roanoke: THOSE DMAN ANGLER FISH KILLED HIM! THEY ARE IN MY WALLS! THEY’RE IN THE GOD DAMN WAAAAAAAALLS!!!!
An implosion is still an explosion in reverse. Imaging 100,000lb column of water falling onto the ground.
@RoanoakeGaming they do have eyes they glow in the dark
you get high in diving because nitrogen narcosis not oxygen toxicity....... Also the suits dont have high pressures in them they are equal to the pressure of the surroundings thats why they dont explode or implode...  iff they implode means the inside isnt pressured at all and only the outside of the suit is holding the pressure of the water, the inside of the suit is at 1 BAR....
Papa roanoke really have beef with angler fishes
Did… did you forget that most anglerfish are around fist-sized? The largest deep-sea anglerfish species is max 2.5 feet long. They’re not gonna be any sort of threat to a human.
I love moon pies! 😃 .
LMFAO you break our toys we break your species. Its the humanitarian way !
The reason why there's no pressure release valve is there, is because you don't want pressure to drop or you die due to bubbles forming in your blood.   The thing that makes Emily high is nitrogen narcosis likely. The dosage of nitrogen in the air suddenly increasing.
Looking up weird underwater stuff for my game and I found your video and within the first minute you're talking about Subnautica. Yesss! :) Awesome details. I kept thinking of the way frogs morph from tadpoles when looking at the small abyssal creature.
Anything is possible when you make things up
"You break are Toys? We break your species!" Now that Has to be one of the best lines i have ever Heard Lol.
We don’t have a clue.. please ask a scientist and y will be surprised.. but we constantly modify our knowledge based on data
Question: these suits look almost armored, meaning they could withstand the pressures with their own strength. Wouldn't that mean that inside the suit it's always 1atmosphere of pressure and you don't experience hyperoxia?
the leviathan looked like the reaper levithan
I can't help but think maybe lengthening telomeres isn't the best thing considering everything you said prior.
does anyone else notice....EVERYTHING IS BACKWARDS???
the "MATH" killed me XD
I have reas that the script of the film referred to the massive creature as being truly C'Thulu
Is this based on a movie I've never heard of? This whole channel feels like a fever dream out of context 😂  Edit: okay he just said it's based on a movie called "underwater"
Not sure why but i get thus odf feeling Roanoke don't like agler fish
So many OSHA violations 😂
I was always under the impression that the larger creature was not Cthulhu, but Dagon this would explain both the proximity of the creatures, the human features on the small ones including the infant and why the largest of them do not have any human traits.
I'm on Roanoke on this. I live on a freaking island and I don't much like the sea anywhere i can't see the bottom.
"Gets ocean gated". What a perfect term.
It's a cthulu
Great video! I love how this video is about explaining the creatures but my man’s goes off about the human body for about 90% of the video 😂
I am not an expert, but I believe that the pressure would cause the suit to implode inwards, which would bust the systems that regulated how much air was being pumped into said suit, causing the remaining air to rapidly expand outwards, creating a explosion-like effect.  The reason that the juvenile creature might have not had eyes could be due to the change in pressure, as that could damage/destroy the eyes and other internal organs.  The presence of eyes could indicate that the location the creatures were from could have had some bio-luminescent creature or plant that the audience does not see.  In addition, it's possible that the biology of the leviathan was different because it held a special role in their species' society, much like how a queen bee has a mutated stinger, the leviathan could be a "queen" variant of the sea primates.
How does the moon pie company survive actually? I’m sure there’s just one very large subgroup of people out there many don’t interact with, maybe old people or something cultural, who just fuckin LOVE buying moon pies.   Cause I like moon pies actually, but I’m not gonna go out of my way to find and buy them over other things. Idk who would
is it just me or does the suits the crew wear look similar from the gears of war armour thoughts???
This movie made me mad not cause of the story but the lack of precautions. As a scuba diver (PADI certified) I gotta do like 5 checks with gear before we can even go out to the water and thats just recreational. OSHA would devour that company if they ever saw the lack of safety
those suits look as if they were directly ripped from either halo or gears of war
There is a game kinda like this were you put on this deep sea diving suit in a exploration of a base that mysteriously went offline. The game is called Narcosis in which I believe the game is based on the real life story of a man who underwent this dive into this broken facility, thus in the end the man survived, but I think the person you play as gets left behind along side a true story book was written about this event. It's a really great game and I would suggest it to you @RoanokeGaming to play it, if you like soma and deep sea horror psychological fear and thalosphobia  (sorry its very early for me I just got off night shift and was in a series of watching your videos and felt the need to inform you about the game.)
1:10 This is an educated guess on my part, but I think they way they would determine that most of the oil comes from marine plants and animals is a combination of plate tectonics and the age of the rock its found in. If they can place the age of the rock layer the oil is found in and reference that to where we expect that plate was at the time they could probably tell if it was under water or not. Or the rock could literally just be a type that has clear traces of being underwater. Its a thought that popped into my head just as I was about to post.
they look like mindflayer's but only in the face cuz of the tentacles
In the Cthulhu mythos, there is a race that worships Cthulhu known as the star-spawn, or Xothians.  They resemble Cthulhu in appearance, but they're much smaller and far less powerful. There's also Dagon and his race of Deep Ones.  Not sure why you think a Lovecraftian origin would be boring, though.  None of the "gods" of the Cthulhu mythos were actually gods, nor were they truly supernatural.  They were just powerful, interdimensional beings that seemed like gods to primitive man.  Also, there's a way in biology to tell if a creature is of a truly aquatic origin or possibly mammalian origin-- look at the orientation of the spine and tail.  If it moves up and down in motion, it was likely originally a land-dwelling mammalian creature, side to side and it is of fish or reptilian origin and probably evolved entirely in an aquatic environment.  Whether the creators of this movie knew any of that or not, who knows.
At 8:52. The rupture of his diving suit wouldn't let any air out at that depth. It will however implode due to the way way way way higher pressure outside his suit. Inside his suit there would most likely be the same pressure as at sea-level. At lets say 3000 meters depth an implosion would be instant death. He would see the crack. Think "oh shit"....then it's gone. It's would be like being inside the cylinder of a diesel engine. You'll be crushed and heated to 2000 celsius in less than 20 milliseconds.
Didnt they have eyes though? When they are walking through the hands, after she kills the first one you can see the eyes reflect the light.
Most oil, a estimated 99.998% of it originated from plants, most of those plants existing during the carboniferous period.
Do people actually think the water on earth came from asteroids?
My guess with the shockwave that pushed everyone out is that too much water rushed into the space the suit occupied, and people were still holding on when that happened, but the shock of processing the event plus very quick switches in force direction loosened their grip allowing the resulting ripple to push them back.  Because way too much water rushed in it would have to have the excess rush back out.  At least that's my best guess, a reverb effect from the initial implosion.  I haven't taken physics in a hot minute though so who knows.
33:54 magical Liopleurodon Charlie!
The suit would explode after imploding as this is what happened with oceangate
Is that Subnautica music playing during this? Or am i dumb lol
Deep Sea animals live super long lives and go long periods of time without food.  So another reason the critters is this, good be super duper old too.
It came from trees that didn't rot because there was nothing to break it down yet. In the carboniferous era
Are we able to determine if the water in ringwoodite is more closely related to freshwater or saltwater?
Lmao I underatand why u dont like subnautica. But its like one of the best ways to get over the fear of the deep. My first play through I would pause the game anytime something attacked me cause I would freak df out but after a few deaths uk what to expect and what to avoid 😅
Tell me you hate angler fish without telling me you hate angler fish XD
"Meth"
Funny thing you show Dead Space at the end of the video. Do you know that Isaac Clarke´s actor, Gunnar Wright is in this movie? He is one of the 2 guys running to the elevator but get killed when the structure collapses.
I loved the recurring angler fish gag 😂
Aquatic apes?? Wow your a simp. Memorizing whacky scientific THEORIES doesn't make you smart at all 💯
"Detecting multiple leviathan class lifeforms in the region. Are you certain whatever you're doing is worth it?" Even as a veteran Subnautica player, you jus learn to yell and play at the same time lmao
explain the borg next please!
So...moral of the story..beware of angler fish
i buy moon pies, they're delicious
Leviathan - Cthulhu (Movie creators verified this) Smaller creatures - Spawn of Cthulhu
You got the high feeling wrong as at deaper depths divers will use a timid of gasses to prevent oxygen poisoning. So the high feeling would more than likely be a form of nitrogen narcosis.
Video starts at 2:20
The director himself confirmed that the leviathan was indeed Cthulhu. So the movie is confirmed to be lovecraftian
26:12 there is also nitrogen narcosis, so really, all major parts of air will f u up at pressure.
There are many old ones. Dagon is one of them. If that Leviathan creature was anything from lovecraft's novels I think it may have been Dagon. It matches a lot of the artists renditions of the creature as well.
Should try SoMa
Did you mention the Angler Fish??
This video took 39 minutes because this guy over explains things  Want to know why the Roanoke colony disappeared.?  This guy drove them mad with exposition and they ran into the sea like lemmings.
Ive never seen the movie however ive just looked a bunch of stuff up  Fun Fact: the alternate ending is now the accepted ending,  She fixes the 3rd pod by fixing the wiring magically, stills etting off the explosion, her ship is set a little off course from the looks of it but she reaches the surface, choosing life over death, still taking them out in the process
My question is.. why not simply mention the crack in the helmet to everyone in the room? I don't think anyone would call him a pussy for mentioning that anyone wearing the compromised helmet has a high chance of dying at such high pressures.. so it's basically suicide. He could've either elected to stay behind or take the working helmet and have someone else stay behind. It would at least buy you time, also potentially keep you useful by providing information to your crew mates if you find a way to keep communication
They have eyes, you can see them glowing when the group wakes up.
we are all just brains in meat jars
Fun fact is meant to be chtuhlu.... the producer or director is a huge lovecraft fan and this was their love letter to Lovecraft
I'm thinking evil Ood, hooked on genetic manipulation.
Lorewise Cthulu is naturally occurring so either way, natural :)
starting with the feet
My deep water fear runs from being in a creek as a child and I was in the "roped off" portion where it wasn't supposed to be deep. The water was chest high and then I hit a pocket of loose sand and my feet were buried to my knees and my fingertips were the only thing feeling air! I fought for what felt like minutes and then as everything went black I felt a jerk and the cool warm air hit the top of my head and then I was coughing up water and breathing in glorious oxygen. I hate any water I can't see the bottom of after that.
Put a chick in it make her gay
Oh god, not someone putting the Aquatic Ape theory out there again
Can someone explain this guy’s beef with angler fish???
This mf loves almonds
The bipedal humanoid figures are what Lovecraft called Deep Ones who are servants of Cthulhu. And Cthulhu can’t be killed so he didn’t die at the end.
It was an implosion in the suit.  However once an implosion occurs it compresses whatever was inside to a critical point where it can detonate and explode somewhat, but not as big as the initial size.  This can happen several times very rapidly the end result is a blended mass which will drift around in water to an area of lower concentration.
you have serious hatred for anglerfish
🍕NOT 🍟…you’re gonna have a bad time
“It’s probably not Cthulhu…”  I see what you did there.
I think you have something against angler fishes.
Great video as usual, but I would argue that a more significant cause of delirium at that depth is nitrogen narcosis. It's scary stuff, a guy in my old SCUBA club ended up rolling down an underwater slope (going deeper than he should). Once he was taken out of the water asked what happened and he said he was rolling down a hill after having a picnic with his wife.
Suits with Oxygen-sharing capability was proven to be a bad idea via the _RocketMan (1997)_ movie.   Rest in peace, Bill Overbeck.  You sacrifice will be remembered.
I haven't watched this movie, but I want to say that I heard it was confirmed to be Cthulu by the director or someone who worked on the film
26:35 nice
the whole " your body starts dying at 28" thing was actually disproven
Its just a mirelurk king
16:18 the more I look at his death scene, the less sense it starts making to me. First of all, I don't think his head was ripped off. More likely it exploded, probably from being forcefully pulled into the chest area of the suit, which was fully tightened at that time (couldn't be the pressure, because they weren't outside).  Then the way his head just squashed like Play-Doh moment before he died. Would that really happen if a person was being pulled on his lower body with a lot of strength? The way his face caved in would more likely happen if something heavy hit him in the face, or if he was being sucked with a lot of strength by something. Although, granted, I think his head looked like that simply because they used a very realistic rubber head for filming, so it just behaved like rubber would.   Next, what the characters say after his death. They say he was yanked out of his suit. Is it really what happened? The underwater angle of his death shows us that the monster was pulling only on one of his legs. And when it got ripped off, there was blood immediately, so it's clearly his leg only that the monster took. Meaning, the rest of his body was more or less left in place, so that shouldn't have caused his head to be pulled into the suit and explode. He technically should have survived. At the very least he shouldn't have immediately died.   Also, considering their suits (being essentially little mechas), I don't think he should have felt any pain *before* the suit's leg was actually ripped off. With suit acting like a hard outer shell, you would have to rip that first and only then get to the leg. But, who knows, maybe the monster's grip was so tight that it held onto his actual leg right through the suit (which I don't find possible).
Ugh, your videos like this make me worry about the shit that could be under Lake Lanier. Every day I drive over it, I wonder what from the flooded town could be under there. Not a great train of thought to trail off on lol.
Wonderful use of Subnauticas soundtrack.  Gotta be one of the best indie soundtracks out there.
The guy choosing the damaged helmet is weird to me. The only way I'm setting myself up to die so others can live is if its my offspring or multiple family members. A friend will be missed
Science ain't your strongest point man
You should cover soma this movie reminds me of it
Despite fossil fuel is a fuel that everyone is familiar with and a necessary resource (aggresive capitalism, amazing.), no company will spend over a trillion to build an undersea hanging platform for fuel which may or may not be worth much to cover costs. And I am looking at the suits, when it comes to pressure, the suits would at best look like medieval caged helmets for reinforcing the glass, the reason the cool of sci fi stopped at the helmet is because you wouldnt be able to see their face.
We need more movies with cthulu/ cthulu-like creatures in it
Ah yes, Barotrauma.
When I was very young, one of the first things I ever said was "water bad" while pointing at and looking at the nearby lake. Little me knew what was up
This reminds me about the *Abyss* Movie soo much ! Underrated movie  Btw leviathan confirmed to be The Cthulhu according to the movie. But they dubbed cthulhu off as an actual biological being or entity not an eldritch alien
Oceangated 👀
swallowing  humans on November  eh
The creatures come from  where  another  region  of the ocean they evovled to be amphibious  and during the extinction event. They had there king(cuthulu) go into a deep slumber so when they awake him the planet will be suitable for them to take over and the company is a group of people who discovered him and want to awake him. Tell me what you think about this.
8:35 The pressure would DEFINITELY be stronger outside the suit than in. It's not pressure keeping pressure out, it's the integrity of the suit. If there was that much pressure in the suit, you'd be crushed inside of it.
All the director has to do was say "oh yeah thats Cthulhu" and it made people explode
God loves you
"Keersten Stewart"
fwiw the creators have said that it was confirmed Cthulu
Aquatic apes seems like an unnecessarily massive stretch as opposed to amphibians. There were plenty of saltwater amphibians in the past and it seems a lot more likely they would have developed larger eye sockets as they adapted to deeper environments than it is for a mammal to develop gills.
The director has actually said that the big one is straight up Cthulhu. And some blink and miss stuff implies the company is pulling a Lovecraftian conspiracy thing and were aware of the creatures presence
ok but could I seggs it?
Cthulu Gang all day🙏
Roanoke, we just saw an unnamed submarine that imploded recently when it was at these kind of depths... taking a bunch of rich people with it. 😅😳
that's the same reason i don't like dark/murky water. something *unsettlingly* large brushed against me in a lake when i was like 5, and my parents were freaking out because it left a visible current or wake or something  - which pulled me under for a few moments. nopenopenopenopenopenope
1:12 what even are you saying ? oil needs carbs to be created not a bounch of fat and proteins. oil doesnt come from dinosaurs, its created by plant matter breaking down.
DID SOMEBODY SAY OOOILL !!!?Looks like those species need freedom.🦅🇺🇲🇺🇲🇺🇲
If an implosion just pulled stuff in it'd make a black hole, implosions pull stuff in until the pressure inside the structure pushing out is greater than that pushing in  It's easier for me to understand if it's described as squishing stuff in til it Explodes  Meaning once you're squeezed too much, you'll push back out, and if you're under the whole entire ocean, that's A LOT of force
33:45 thats how I look watching this at midnight on thanksgiving
Roanoke you ARE a crackhead but one with a science background. LOL I laughed so hard ty
The water suddenly taking up the air space would cause a Shockwave when it implodes that fast
A pressure release valve might keep the suit from bursting but it won't save the person inside of it. Losing pressure to fast will kill you. It doesn't matter that the presure is in line with the outside pressure. Your body can't adjust that fast.
I mean, I always think it's a natural species, even when it's explicitly magic. But then I'm a "If any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic, than magic is just technology we don't understand" kind of guy.
Is that Kristen Stewart? She was kinda hot but not with that Sinead O’Conner look.
I find myself watching a lot of this dudes videos and I fuckin love all of his jokes.  "I'm 31, I'm blowing up any day now."
I hate the deep sea, that's alright it hates you back
you are really hung up on the angler fish
Hey Roanoke i heard u use the phrase "almonds activated" multiple times. But i have no clue wjat it means.   What does it really mean? Legit curious
Just for the Internet Historian mention you get an upvote
Trump 2024
Roanoke: A N G L E R F I S H
Loving the biochem analysis side of these. Perhaps the movie is a prequel to Cloverfield? o.O
Double decker Moon Pie, 10-15 seconds in the microwave. Eat with a fork. Moon Pie master race ✊.
I actually really enjoyed this movie
Its definitely not Cthulhu because if you look at Cthulhu, you will go completely insane.
Angler Fish word count?
i cant and wont bust anyones balls for being afraid of the deep, but i will say it does break my heart. I absolutely love everything about the ocean, our lakes, rivers, really anything with water. But again, its understandable, reasonable, and pretty smart to be afraid of water, especially deep water. my dad was hit big a real small rogue wave while fishing and that shit nearly capsized the boat he was on.
1:45 are these Fallout Power Armors?
The angler fish hate in this video gives me life
And that is why I believe thermonuclear weapons are still useful. Either to unalive these creatures, or ourselves before they could.
About the suit imploding: that was probably the battery exploding, like with The Captain later on. You've seen what happens when a smartphone pops, now imagine the type of battery needed to power a pressured super suit. Also, Rodrigo swaps helmets with Kristen. Dude had feefees and figured he'd rather gamble his life than hers.
I think its cool that my favorite rap band, Eminem, made an appearance in this movie.
I love how Roanoke completely misses the message of the movie, that unbridled resource exploitation WILL spell our doom and instead just goes "Humaaans, fuck yeah"
15:33 those taste absolutely great in *my personal opinion*
Good to see your face You don't look like a science nerd 😂😂
With regard to all the OSHA violations for the 1000s meters deep underwater mining facility I'm guessing that's a combination of it being in international waters and therefore technically out of any one country's jurisdiction, as well as a metric ton of lobbying to prevent UN OSHA having the budget for submersibles and all their contracted subs for routine inspections suffering "malfunctions".
funny to see you trying to give an realistic explanation to an eldritch creature, since the director of this movie confirmed that it's Cthulhu
So, glossing over everything about the nightmare soup that is our oceans, I believe that those creatures, the apes and leviathan, are naturally occurring species and not supernatural. The ocean has a long, long history of giant abominations that should never be messed with.  However, if I may make an absolute trash take of a counter argument, wouldn't C'thulu and all his elder bastards be natural species just in ways we can't understand? Of course why would you need to understand it when the only thing you need to extrapolate from encountering them is that you're f@cked beyond measure?  Also, where did you get those 3d models of the creatures? Was that like an extra on the DVD or something?
Ive never seen anyone buy a moon pie in real life before either
The thing about it. Under that pressure if one spot imploded it all would go. Go read up on submerine construction. If a BB size object breeches the hull at that depth it would cause a catastrophic failure of the whole structure.
Hey Roanoke you should never worry about how to pronounce Cthulhu or other lovecraftian names as Lovecraft himself designed them to be unproduced. Cthulhu is actually wrong too but everyone uses it anyway
This movie was quite clearly based off the Cthulu mythos as was stated by the director and writer. Dont try to explain a cosmic horror movie monster and not acknowledge tbat the monster is beyond even science.
This most likely wasn't Cthulhu and just a reference to it because the fact that Cthulhu have some psychic powers that would destroy a human brain and made them go crazy and I think only already crazy people can be in his vicinity. I don't know how far his psychic reach reaches but I heard it can reach a large part of the planet, so I'm pretty sure most if not all people on the rig would have been going crazy the moment the creature woke up if it really was Cthulhu.
Fun fact a small number of people on earth are hardwired to respond to fear with violence on reflex as an automatic reaction. I can go to Halloween events as it will result in me attack performers
It sounds stupid but on under water oil platform could be safer then one above the waves. If we had the tech to make it cost effective it would be Strom Prof faster and easier to build
4:36 same bro
have you seen of custom models!? that thing is the dark lord him self he just have a different model! also i am in the hospital help me pls :(
like dwarves finding the hidden fun stuff after digging to deep for adamantine!
Politics and theory? Dude... That's just straight dishonesty if you're referring to climate change. The data is ABUNDANTLY clear that the climate is changing because of carbon emissions. Go take a class in atomic physics or geography, the asymmetrically bonded CO2 traps infrared light and we've known that for a very, very long time.  Man, you lost credibility with me when you made the hilarious claim you put on FIFTEEN pounds of pure muscle in less than a year but now this? Lol.
Personally, I liken the creatures to Dagon and the merpeople from H.P. Lovecraft's "The Shadow Over Innsmouth
10:50 Frank Castle!!💀
Nitrogen narcosis is the more likely cause of the "high" than high oxygen levels. While nitrogen is usually inert in the body, that is at 'normal' pressures. At depths like this nitrogen dissolves in blood and at extreme saturation behaves like a narcotic. Deep divers use mixed gasses like helium/oxygen blends, but if they don't sound like chipmunks, that's not what they are doing here. PADI-certified diver for over 35 years.
An implosion would do that, since the aftershock of an implosion is ridiculously powerful in *most cases*
Yeah I mean think about it oxygen is flammable and what kind of flammable gases would we really want to be breathing in honestly I mean think about it
This guy really has a problem with the angler fishes 😂 I think we found Roanoke’s arch enemy the angler fish😂
What would've been cooler is if they were deep sea filter feeders that happened to be EXTREMELY strong (or extremely corrosive on contact) and would break open other deep sea organisms, so when it encountered humans it would break open their shells (suits) and drink the human pressure slurry out
I am 3:14 in and wanted to say I am 28 as of yesterday/just before midnight. Good to know the countdown has started!
Angler fish....
I like the idea of how the Eldrich stories have an outlook of life is meaningless.  But the stuffed bunny is important in the movie, because the characters in the movie make it important. Giving it meaning because the characters decide it has it.
24:46 which is happens also through some chemicals help, generated in Coke lives, high in Peru mountains?
13:28 creature, BLOBFISHED. You did mentioned 1000 times pressure gap?
8:31 just WHY? They made an oxidized syrup in way back of ABYSS, this one is in future?
YOU WILL PLAY SUBNAUTICA
Look, if you expect me to ask you to play subnautica, you'd be wrong. I wouldn't do that too you. Now on an unrelated note, how do you feel about Raft?
I'm not a biologist but it reminds me of an ant hive with a giant queen, workers, and soldiers
I like to think the leviathan and the smaller creatures are inspiration for the Cthulu mythos.
Crap, I turned 28 this year.
HE HAS A FACE
I mean humans are "just animals" as well, we arent as special as a lot of people like to think we are
5:55 bro said "caTulu"
damn anglerfish.
Aquatic Apes. No....Just........no.
Iä! Iä! Cthulhu fhtagn! Ph'nglui mglw'nfah Cthulhu R'lyeh wgah'nagl fhtagn!
Yes! We need Subnautica on here! Let me hear your fear of the deep ocean! Because yes, it is terrifying.
Fun fact the "monsters" are a very close depiction of a shuggoth
Costume department did a pretty good job on those suits. Compare that stuff to typical 60’s-80’s suit designs.
Why do those suits look like a space marine armor from StarCraft
The creature at the end absolutely was Cthulhu the Director confirmed it, and all the others with the worshiper/children of Cthulhu the constant thumping that you hear in the movie is the call of Cthulhu
Robux Station🤑🤑🤑(play subnautica)
Is this a Cloverfield prequel?
Do Subnautica
REMEMBER IF ANYTHING GOES WRONG BLAME THE ANGLER FISH
Moon pies are pretty popular treats that are primarily consumed by the elderly. That’s why the moon pies company is still around
they remind me a lot of the dark ones from “Metro”
Why cant the supernatural exist in reality????? Sure youre a scientist.... Any science that proves the supernatural does not exist.... If not please dont say things like you know 100% of the knowledge of the universe.
If these things were real, another reason to avoid the deep sea, or ocean in general.
Id rather watch the movie myself than listen to you yap about it
I believe the director said it was Cthullu after the movie released.
Third day of binging your videos. They are *chef's kiss* I would love an episode with you, your wife and the girls of "this podcast will kill you" ❤ Thank you for the great content!
I’m sensing this man doesn’t like Angler Fish
moonpies are great.
6:09 not quite. It's more of a ss-keh-tti-no. Hard "k" sound. It's written Schettino, but the "ch" in italian is pronounced like "kuh", rather than the english "chuh" (in a word like "church", for example). Think of the word "corn" and replace the "orn" with "ettino".
One problem with the aquatic ape theory is that these creatures apparently can breathe underwater.
So far the biggest problem I see about this video is the fact that the landmass isn't staying the same. things rise and sink over the millennia; so something that's underwater now could be above ground a couple million years ago.
Ha ha "Kearsten Stewart"
awesome Video! watched this movie with my partner recently and we loved it. quick thing with the memorial paper for the captain's daughter, it does actually say 14, not 11. the font just makes it look kinda like it says 11 other than that, awesome work as always Roanoke!!
24:01 I didn't catch it when I watched the movie but there is 100% a drawing of one of those little Cthulhu idols that crop up in mythos fiction all the time.
Broooo something touched your leg in "THE OCEAN" and you are traumatized?! Welcome to anyone who's gone to the beach lol
Oil isn't 400 miles deep though....
i also hate the ocean and the things in it, but i really love this movie for some reason (the reason might be kristen stewart with a bleached buzzcut, the jury's still out). like, i was ready to be super anxious through the whole thing but instead it's become a movie that i rewatch from time to time. i assumed the big fellow at the end was just straight-up cthulhu, but i like your version better!
We need more movies like this. Allow Guillermo Del Toro to make his at the mountain of madness with Tom Cruise 👍👍👍
The owners of the company are cult followers. They drulled to find Cthulhu
What if it is just different genders kinda like angler fish
Yes implosions do cause Force outward. It just less then explosion. Due to most the energy being absorbed during imploding part. But then all the ex extra energy gets released into the area. So like say a 3 sticks of tnt that could easily room. The equivalent force implosion would only be move some ligth things. Of course in water that cut in half.
Just stream Subnautica: make some money.
They're Deep Ones, and the big one is Cthulhu. The big one has a clear resemblance to the original description and most depictions of Cthulhu, albeit with some original touches, and the director has said the big one is Cthulhu. (That said, this was only decided relatively late in production, apparently, with the giant creature just being an ambiguously-natured creature referred to solely as "the behemoth" in the script)
well, fun fact. there’s entire underground oceans deeper in the earth that we have not tapped into yet. in fact they say most of the worlds water is most likely in these deep, dark, mysterious, never ending oceans. so yea, chances are there’s probably massive ecosystems and leviathans of untold size achieved from deep sea gigantism and living in a free roam undisturbed ecosystem that we have not discovered yet.
Clearly it is not a Cthulhu
Bro I couldn’t see a damn thing during this movie. Brightness level at 2
Absolutely love the anglerfish hate. And you nearly breaking from the constant joke
The leviathan looks like the one from subnautica
I am here for the angler fish slander
i think personally this is sort of like a ant situation, now i dont mean these are ants that grew up but i mean the fact that ants have a queen and stick by her all their lives, you can see a sort of comparison between the "adult" beings compared to the leviathan, which is that the leviathan has most of the same characteristics as the other ones do, so my thought is maybe its the same species however the leviathan is the queen and the "adults" are the workers/guardian ants, seeing how when the leviathan roared the little ones immediately went after the pods that sort of looked like they were following orders.
How did the spider get in there and survive
Nice video, though it seemed... incomplete. A sealed, underwater biome near tectonic activity could have other energy sources, such as radiotrophic species and an organism which uses the Seebeck effect to produce electricity. Also, it was kinda weird that you made a video about underwater breathing, the possible sapience of an underwater species, and not comment about the biomechanical challenge: a human-like brain would require 15 square meters of gills (or skin, if it breathed through it), to sustain itself, as underwater breathing is less efficient than atmospheric breathing.  8/10.  PS: if the thing was an eldritch creature, I would bet on Mother Hydra.
The big one is the female, the males get absorbed into it, thats what all the extra little folds and tendrils are, legs from males that latched on and became part of the system like angler.
Another 10/10 video as usual <3
Underwater 2 being an action movie like Alien 2 would be sweet
kristennnnnnnn 🥰
whats the movie called?
its just a movie mann, they don't exist.
Love from a Vaush and HowToBeat fan!
"You break our toys, we break your species" is a perfect analogy of humans lol
Yes to subnautica do it. NOW!
My personal headcanon is that this is actually dagon and an army of deep ones trying to stop humans from mining into R'lyeh and potentially injuring or killing a still sleeping ktulu or possibly mother hydra. To add to that dagon is simply a really really old deep one that has grown to massive size and therefore is still mortal and could be effected by a sizable enough blast, whereas cthulu could not be.
What if these are a species that hijack and alter the physiology of others? And all of the bipedal ones are the crew of the Roebuck.
Rodriguez did know his helmet was faulty because he specifically gave her his original helmet in the suit up scene
They've know for a while that our oceans are mostly self produced. The ratio of heavy water to normal water is less then half of what it is everywhere else in the solar system indicating that a large percentage of our water seeped from below where extreme pressure and radiation changed it's isotope ratio.
Roanoke Thalassophobia arc?
Man.. Subnautica used to be a "Ooh creepy" kind of game for me. I had some thalassophobia to deal with but it wasn't too tough...  Then one of my best friends died when a storm hit Ibiza and sucked him into the ocean and I have never been able to handle it the same way since.. I think the long conversations we'd have about our shared fear of deep, open water kind of hit differently after that..
William Eubank, the director of "Underwater" confirmed that the leviathan creature is indeed Cthulhu.
This was a surprisingly good movie.
Math. The true horror! Also, so you're saying the Meg Books by Steve Alten are possible? Cool
The rock in that intro really unerves me i dont know why i have a passing interest in science and i am of a christian belief but it really opens so many question. men good thing i chose to be a motor mech and builder i dont have to deal with reality breaking questions about life.
This is the most unhinged, poorly composed, unorganized video i have ever watched. Genuinely speechless...
38:14 "Is it too much to ask for both?" I might come back with an edit to make my own explanation of a supernatural biological organism like this. I have been doing such world building for quite some time.
I rather not question too much about the logic of things. It's a movie, and I think this movie was really good.
I understand your feelings about Subnautica. Very beautiful and whimsical game, and it still makes me pee a little when I hear something in the darkness.
The director said that the big titan is actually Cthulhu. He didn’t die in the blast, but he definitely felt it. The rest of the beasts did eat shit and die though. Kristen Stewart has come a long way. She began as a derpy simp for girly vampires and dog boys, and used her dying breath to send a nightmare god into brief panic.
Don't know if you've heard of it, but there is a (fiction) book titled 'Into The Drowning Deep' by a Mira Grant, which explores the concept of mermaids as an actual biological creature. Not the mermaids of Disney or anything, but like actual beings. I thought it was pretty interesting and has some interesting details concerning the physical make up, intelligence, and everything. If you like to read/have time to read, you might wanna look into it.  Or her Parasitology series, about genetically modified tapeworms.
Ayo anyone who has eaten a moon pie comment or like this comment 👍🏾
Bro got a haircut?😂
HP Lovecraft would love it.
Fight, flight, freeze or what??
anglerfish.
I think it's neither Cthulu/supernatural nor natural; I think it's all fiction 👍🏻
I like the aquatic ape theory and a lot of the ways you explain how it could be possible.  I still don't really see it.  With how similar the species were sort of from the "waist" up, but with a total scale of size difference like that?  And humanoid in even a light way?  I just doesn't seem likely outside of the supernatural.
Please tell me you’re gona one day do Godzilla Minus One?
Anglerfish merch when?
Bro is really hating on the angler fish
"Anglerfish."
So there actually may be massive deposits of freshwater underneath our oceans. Now this wouldn't make this scenario exist because that water would be HOT, as well as them being freshwater creatures. So not only would the shock of going from a hot to cold water kill them, but they would suffer in that salt water. Not to mention just how much freshwater being mixed into our oceans would kill off a great number of deep sea species, and just as many upper sea species as well over the coming dozens of years.
Its been a while but I used to be a cashier at dollar general and yeah, moon pies get sold.  Like, a lot.  Its usually the eaches though.  Definitely enough people buy the boxes, but I think they survive mostly because everyone puts them right by the register and they scratch that itch of "I want a snack but not a candy bar but something sweet".  There's other things that match that requirement and they also sell very well as eaches and the markup for buying one at a time tends to be pretty big.
The suits couldn't be super pressurized because then they would kill their occupants. They would be relying on their structural integrity more that internal pressure to keep the water out. If anything that scene should not have happened just because they would not have even had time to complain about the crack. It would've cracked for a fraction of a second, followed by immediate implosion, assuming they were under the full pressure of the ocean at that depth. They would not have had time to process what even happened.
There mermen
roanoke shows us that his major was not, in fact, physics lmao much love man, always enjoy watching your videos, youve come a long way since dead space
What movie is this
The natural world to me, is totally mundane, if it bleeds, we can kill it.  The supernatural on the other hand, can operate outside the laws of nature.
Really only two things really scare me when it comes to movies. The Deep Ocean and the unknown voids of space. I guess they are very similar fears when you break it down. Not phobia levels of fear but anxiety inducing for sure.
given the fact that once again T.J. Miller managed to make it into another giant monster movie ... and yet again was eaten by said monsters...  in some way we could call this a spin off of cloverfield. (at least better than that space crap we got) but i too fear the deep, so i could see it being biological, i dont think it was Cthulhu because of the apparent powers of the mind. even if were making it a more reality driven elder god.. it would still have some kind of mesmerizing ability... again.. like anglerfish and such. but i must say that final reveal was so dam epic.. a real "O COME ON MAN" moment..
Well, I don't know what you all think, but, I think watching people that are scared s__tless of water play subnautica is the best thing ever. I mean, I am scared of water, and I played it, it was horrifyingly fun. But I prefer watching other people play it, lol.
i genuinely forgot this movie existed
Cool movie. Annoying video.
What if it's one species but they develop into either drones/soldiers or a queen. The baby one looks way too similar to the leviathan to not be related but also shares a ton of similarities with the hunters.
Water monsters You've released us from a pocket of time basically in the Marina trench, and we took offense to that. Humanity so you've chosen death.....
I know it's your "schtick", but this is clearly a Lovecraftian themed movie and the absolutely gigantic creature couldn't be a more obvious redesign of Cthulhu.
A pressure implosion would likely cause an explosion from the force of displacing that human and suit that was resisting it. It's basically like a reverse bomb inward force at such a rate it causes an explosion by the mass it displaced. That's what I'm thinking when I seen it in the film and was trying to rationalize it.
Hell this could have been a Wyland Yutani type company lol.
Was a cool movie
"Founded in 1643, Innsmouth was noted for ship-building before the American Revolution, after which the civic centre shifted to the present Town Square. It reached its peak as a naval hub after the War of 1812, when many of its privateering sailors were killed. As a result, there was a dip in trade for both the shipping families and local mills.  In 1846, Captain Marsh and 32 fellow cultists were arrested by Selectman Mowry. However, before they could be charged, the Deep Ones stormed the town, breaking them out and purging the resistant population. Half of the population were killed in what was covered up as a plague from China.  After the American Civil War, the last big ships stopped docking in the harbour.  It became something of an industrial centre at one point, but by the 1920s, only the Marsh Refining Company gold mill is still in operation.  After Robert Olmstead escaped Innsmouth on July 16, 1927, and reported the going-ons to authorities, a large force of federal agents laid siege to the town throughout the winter of 1927-28, demolishing most of its seafront buildings. It was later reported in February 1928 as a Prohibition-related clash, though no captives ever showed up in the prison system. It included several arrests of members of the Esoteric Order of Dagon and at least one torpedo fired into Devil's Reef. "
An implosive event is overall an oscillation until pressure is equal. Correct- the // initial // event is implosive; the subsequent pressure peak is enough to flash boil water, some of these will repeat a few times if they're fierce enough- e. g. USN mk 9 w/91kg of torpex
I'm so fucking glad I watched Internet Historians video on the Concordia before this  or else I would not understand that reference XD
I cant believe angler fish would do this to the crew so sad 😢
What if...  the species reproduces by oviposition, with the egg taking on genetics of the host.  I propose the species didn't have arms and legs until they started using humans to gestate their young
@roanokegameing Are they wearing starcraft space marine armor?
couldn't these smaller beings be like worker ants too the colonies queen ant?
Hey there Roanake!   For future videos could you provide links to interesting topics such as the Ringwoodite discussed in this video!  Keep up the work!
The angler fish shit had me rolling 😂
The high they felt was more likely to be nitrogen narcosis.
FINALLY, A YOUTUBER WHO KNOWS THE FEAR OF SUBNAUTICA!!!!!!!!!!!!! I still get PTSD anyone brings it up to me
This gives me deep rock galactic vibes
The Scariest thing to me in this documentation is the large MATH in the middle of my screen, Oh boy it brings out my ptsd back from those days. Oh, hell nah the best documentation to scare everyone. Plus how he butchers those Eldritch names like Patrick Bateman on a violence rush.
Please cover the Tyranids form war hammer 40K on one of your channels!
Getting the strong vibe Roanoke does not like anglerfish.
Moon Pies are bought in bulk by a mysterious stranger living just outside Nowhere, who then has them distributed to people so the pies can be seen being eaten.
nah i mean the water still came from comets and asteroids, it didnt just materialise in our planet out of nothingness.
how can you not see the resemblance to khatulu, bruh c'mon
Best movie representation of what could be Dagon and various sized/age Deep Ones
28:00 unfortunately the director has publicly stated that the creature is in fact Cthulhu. Thats why it has the tentacle beard. It might not be supernatural in the case, but it’s definitely the great old one canon.
Hey, not to be rude. I actually love your channel, but you kinda look like Gibby and Tom Cruise mixed. Sorry if rude.
Roanoke: anglerfish
Is the beginning of the video really saying that we don't know if CO2 has an impact on our climate? Yes! We absolutely do! Leave out politicians who sit on their asses and listen to the scientists who actually surveys these type of things on the field! Carbon dioxide is a greenhouse gas, this is testable and demonstrable! The global coal and oil reserves are huge amounts of carbon dioxide accumulated over millions of years, MILLIONS OF YEARS! And we are burning those resources and releasing the CO2 that was packed away into earth crust for millions of years within just about a couple of hundred years. And there are people who really think, THAT HAS NO IMPACT ON THE CLIMATE!??! HOW STUPID MUST ONE BE, TO IGNORE THE SCIENTIFIC SURVEYS AND NOT MAKE THE CORRELATION BETWEEN RISING TEMPERATURES AND THE HUMMUNGES AMOUNTS OF GREENHOUSE GASES WE HUMANS RELEASE INTO THE ATMOSPHERE YEAR AFTER YEAR??!!  Get informed people before making stupid comments on Youtube: https://www.che-project.eu/news/how-do-human-co2-emissions-compare-natural-co2-emissions
All we really know is that oil comes from "organic matter", which we can deduce from the composition.  Of course there's no DNA or anything, so all the claims as to what makes it up is mostly speculation. But, we ARE certain that it comes from once living tissue, although said tissue could belong to anything.
Nora's pda: multiple leviathan class life forms detected. Are you sure whatever you are doing is worth it?
Media illiteracy and scientific illiteracy by the shovel full here.
Man this is full of so much disinformation.
I think the humanoid creatures are supposed to be the fish people from The Shadows Over Innsmouth and the director William Eubanks confirmed that the larger creature is Cthulhu it just seems like it's a non supernatural portrayal of Cthulhu
Great video and I eat moon pie's.
I’m terrified of the ocean exactly because of what is in the ocean. I however am not scared the animals will be malicious, because only about 0.1% of attacks are malicious, many are defensive but what scares me is a good 99% are mistaken identity. It THINKS you are food so treats you like food that it doesn’t want to get away after the first strike  Also I’m glad you bring up anglerfish because most people don’t realize they can get very close to 4 feet long. Since their body is almost like an orb… that means they outweigh most people. Scary big fish. Clownfish being 3-6 inches, the Finding Nemo anglerfish was around 3 feet on rough estimation. Big ol girl   ALSO I LIKE MOON PIES!   As for C’Thulhu, it can look similar but is NOT, because she looked directly at his face with the flare going, even partially would drive any human insane at a glance. So it’s definitely natural based even if it’s a leviathan
Moon pies are thrown at Mardi Gras in New Orleans and Mobile. They probably sell millions of them during Mardi Gras season alone. I personally throw 800-1000 of them every year.
moonpies are fine but a bit to soft however they have a type i've only seen at a theater that is no longer around that had boxes of moonpie bites and those were amazing
ANGLERFISH ARE HOW BIG!? I always thought they were like a basketball in size tops! That is actually terrifying...
Honestly i walked TF out of this movie after the leak scene.  Theater let me exchange my ticket for another show that started in like 15 minutes.  Ocean Gate. Literally what happens when you spring a leak a mile deep. It wouldn't be a collapse chasing them through the hall ways it would be a instantaneous collpase of that entire area and every connecting area that isnt sealed. So if all the doors are open and all manually needed to be closed and there wasnt a automatic way to shut that door within 1 tenth of a second that film was technically over in like the first minutes😂
"It was the angler fish!"
Could it be possible over the millions of years the earth has developed, humans were created and animals bountiful. That some of the examples of what could have become humans, back then to now. Had some sort of alternate genetic path that they took. Adapting to staying in the deep sea water instead of progressing onto land and becoming what we are today.
Although i dont have a particular fear of water or the deep ocean, i do however have a fear of being completely submerged in water. When  we were like 6 and 8, me and my brother were being stupid, playing in basically sewer water from a natural stream that everyone in town used. The stream ended with a pipe set somewhat high up a small hill down by the coast. Because of the height of the pipe there was a tiny pond below it that for some reason had perfectly clear water. Anyway, the area is usually submerged by the tide so the rocks were slippery. As me and bro were checking out the spot i slipped and fell back first into the  pond, completely submergimg me. My brother who probably didnt expect it to be so deep, took a second to help. Ever since that i have had a irrational(?) fear of being submerged in water. Its so strange how the fear never went any further to being afraid of the deep water.
8:07 I’m guessing you got beef with the angler fish lol you know there’s much scarier things down there like the viper fish
Yeah I'm with Roanoke on this one screw the ocean and especially the deep sea it's pitch black, you have idea what's down there or where it is, they the angler fish have the advantage and if you get so much as a small hole in your suit it's kinda over.
The body swallowing bipedal ocean dwelling NFT trading crypto investing reddit using twitter abusing gacha gambling vtuber watching -
I don't think it would be a cop out to say this is Cthulhu. What if like the Greeks and the Norse have their mythos and their pantheons, that Cthulhu is actually a real creature once known that was then later told about in fiction and myth. So the creature still gets to exist in the real, just like the colossal squid which used to just be old sailors tall tails and myths.   The other creatures could be humans or an earlier race or version of humans that sunk in the sea in the great city of Atlantis, becoming the creatures we now see. Maybe they worshipped the monsters of the deep sea. It's a fun idea.  Lost city of Atlantis and "old gods".   I do like your analysis though and it is more than plausible from the movies standpoint.
Your body doesnt start dying until your 50s... you can google it.
when you are calling yourself/channel a crackhead sounds like the end part of an incantation someone forgot and just winged it 33:00 took a few to hear you say Roanoke then you can't unhear it its weird lol
Those suits are 100% props designed for a failed gears of war live action adaptation. They look far far too close to convince me otherwise. They like changed the paint job and added some greebles to break up and change the design language ever so slightly.
I do also prefer to tackle the speculation from the biological angle. but even tho it has been confirmed(?) that it was meant to be Cthulhu I think it would be much more fitting for that to be Dagon and his deep ones ( see Dagon and Shadow over Innsmouth) also the outer god family tree thing is purely Lin Carter's work and just cringe turning weird space into a classical dollhouse with mommies and daddies kids and a dog.
They dug down to R'lyeh. But in all honestly, I doubt it was Cthulhu. She didn't go mad the moment she saw it, after all. And the Old Ones are all so beyond human comprehension seeing them would break your brain and your eyes would itch. And he'd be like, a dozen+ times larger. Maybe it's a lieutenant or something, or one of the higher-rank descendants.
Hear me out.....  Sea monkeys....  On steroids
Nah supernatural is way scarier than natural. Natural is understandable. Things become way less scary when you can scientifically understand them.
Not hyperoxia causing the “high”, but nitrogen narcosis, which is also a concern for divers. In a deep submergence rig like this, they would have replaced the nitrogen in their breathing air with helium, but that would make for a comical movie.
Wait, I thought Moon Pies and RC cola were a southern thing??
bro is afraid of anglerfish
This video has forced me to manually breathe for 40 minutes.
That’s Kristen Stewart?! I thought it was Pete Davidson the whole time
That’s Kristen Stewart?! I thought it was Pete Davidson the whole time
So glad I’m not the only one on the ‘uss fuck the ocean’ I hate it. I hate heights. Here on LAND I can walk and breathe, and this is where I’ll remain
@RoanokeGaming, I agree with what you said about people not knowing what is going on, because there are things in Heaven and Earth that is beyond our understanding and yet there are some people who think that they know more than anybody when in reality they don't because they have Dunning Krueger Effect.
8:24, rodrigro gets fuckin WHAT
Under water gears of war
Your body starts dieing actually after your Born.and if this creature can't see,how does it know to duct down when you look at it
Lmao, Read Shadow Over Innsmouth.
Dude that was way to long an intro and you can never stay on topic. Constantly cutting away with random references or personal antidotes. Stay on topic man! Not trying to be rude but I can’t be the only one feeling this way.
Terrible movie
How did a spider get down there? Id be weirded out heavily😂😂😂😂😂  Also, id rather be in space then at the bottom of the ocean. At least i can see things coming😂😂😂
Nah, the eldrich lord of the deepness drive those who look to him crazy, she did not lost her sanity points, so that is not our lord and master Cthulhu.
Dude instead of subnautica I got a less scary game called soma u should play it
Call your significant other a fisherman because they really reeled in a good one!
By officially saying no to Subnaughtica you have opened the flood gates of people demanding it more. I for one like a semi-sane Roanoke so he can keep making me great content, and teaching me more science things
Moonpies probably make their money the same wat mattress stores do
yeah its cthulhu  director confirmed it
I feel there's some sort of mild dislike towards a certain kinda fish. Just a feeling
One of my favorite quotes ever, " You break our toys, we break your species."
Yay! Roanoke did one of my favorite movies! I hope he liked it. I paused to drop a comment. =)   Also, what was the line.. Beautiful, flat-chested elf could may be apply to Roanoke. XD
Bro gym is treating you well, bro definitely lifts🎉
You should do subnautica
ANGLER FISH ☠
i feel there should be an "angler fish mention" counter on the side of this vid, lol, good work mate, keep on at it :)
When you mentioned size and weight you must have only meant the angler fish I guess? Because the Colossal squid with body and tentacles can reach 46ft and over 1000lbs, that would terrify me more than any fish with a lightbulb, especially if your inside of a structure or vehicle lol in fact the fish might be useful for lighting your path! Lol
"Rodrigo gets oceangated" that's why I love this fucking channel
Take a shot every time Roanoke says anglerfish
Suggesting that Science about climate change is not settled and that "We don't know" or "We don't have a clue" is bullshit. We might not know the specifics of some things, but we KNOW beyond the shadow of any doubt that burning fossil fuels has a distinct negative impact on the habitability of our planet not. RIngwoodite was not just discovered or announced and has been known of since the 70's and it is not the revelation you're misleading people to believe it is. This video is misinformation and I've flagged it as such.
mans has a grudge against anglerfish
This movie was surprising good, i like the Lovecraft hints. Thanks for explaning it. I follow you for quit some time now and its allways great to see a new upload. Anyway i would like to see your view on the Protomolecule from The Expanse. (Great Hard Sci-Fi Series imo)
I had a similar experience to Roanoke when I was little, but instead of being scared my instinct was "Ooh, what is it!?" Dive under with my goggles just to see a horseshoe crab. Pretty sure that's why I have the exact opposite of thalassophobia now. Because I was a weird, curious, stupid kid. XD
I don’t know if you are aware but there are these creatures called angler fish down there and they are terrifying.
Cthulus offspring all look like they walk around with dark souls boss music
My brain skipped the 'in' in the title and for a while I thought it's a real species 😭😭
Deep ones
8:27 OMG that reference ☠🗿!!!
Why not larva, drone and queen?
Wait...Roanoke ISN'T just a disembodied voice that sums up movies and games and gives the theoretical science behind them?!?
I'm a geologist, and to answer your question about how we know oil comes from plants and not dinosaurs:  We know that organic material needs a calm, steady environment to be eventually covered by sediment and essentially cooked into oil over millions of years. That calm, steady environment can be found in lakes, deep seas, and swamps. Because lots of plant and plant impression fossils have been found in association with oil deposits, and because animals just simply don't have enough biomass to produce the vast amounts of hydrocarbons found on the planet, we can conclude with moderate confidence that a lot of oil comes from the settling and burying of the organic material from densely vegetated swamps.  (rambling about geology over, love your content dude, keep it up!)
17:30 MATH!!!!!!
I'm on team natural life form on this one. If that giant squid thing was cthulhu there would've been more psychological trauma going on before the start of the movie. People having visions, paranoia, possibly a change in temperament of those in command as they drilled closer to the creature.  Instead we got spurratic seismic activity caused by drilling and the creatures waking up from hibernation to break free of what was possibly a deep sea cavern that caved in.  Probably caused by tectonic shifts or whatever, I dunno, I'm not a seismologist. The squid bois probably got trapped did some light cannibalism before their metabolism slowed down to a hibernative state. That was until we humans poked and prodded things in places we really had no place being in.
Why does this remind me of soma for some reason.
Is anyone else getting power armor vibes from those underwater suits? It even has a pip-boy on the forearm!
Fun fact: if you put a moon pie on a paper plate and pop it in the microwave for 10-20 seconds, it puffs up into a pile of delicious melty chocolate marshmallow paradise.
So mermaids
Love your content but these videos are becoming utterly infested with ads. 7 interruptions in this video alone 😢
The director officially confirmed that the creature is Cthulhu.
The second Creature looked like a Dickensian School master...
it was me, i bought the moon pies
I now have an unquenchable desire to watch Roanoke vs Anglerfish.
imagine if they made a movie about Barotrauma, that shit would be terrifying.
I absolutely hate kristen stewarts face
There is a problem with your "larger body retains heat better" while true, specifically a large BODY.  Long appendages will do the exact opposite. We see these have very long appendages so there goes that, minus the giant one.
William Eubanks (The creator) confirmed that the creature in the film is Cthulhu and the smaller humanoid predators were a product of Cthulhu. The film left out whether this version of Cthulhu was of a supernatural origin for mystery.  If this version isn't supernatural, then the other explanations could be extra-terrestrial or an ancient species with extreme adaptive capabilities and Cthulhu is the alpha of the species. If he is supernatural, then that means that the protagonist's sacrifice was in vain because Cthulhu can regenerate and is immortal. At the end of the film, it was revealed that the company was going to continue drilling in the Mariana Trench - which leaves the audience to believe that this version of Cthulu survived somehow... The humanoid creatures could either be offspring of Cthuhu and the offspring continued reproducing with each other - OR they were once human, who began to mutate due to unknown intervention by Cthulhu and were sealed off underwater due to a major planetary shift.. Its plausible that this version isn't supernatural due to what we know about H.P. Lovecraft's descriptions of him. Cthulhu resides in a realm that is essentially a pocket dimension and is summoned by ritual through his followers. Cthulhu's can project himself via telepathy, matter manipulation and he grants his loyal followers special abilities. Those who gaze upon him instantly go into madness. None of the characters who saw him in the movie fell under such influence. In Lovecraft's universe, his human disciples begin to mutate into amphibious humanoid creatures and move under water, The creatures in the film could be a result of that, or once again could be ancient or extraterrestrial race... Basically it's up in the air.
Tyranids.. Nope. NUKE IT FROM ORBIT!!
Fun fact: the director confirmed the creature is in fact Cthulhu.
Could you check out Soma?
I love that youre freaking out about teensy angler fish when theres a type of shark like goblin fish that likes to hide underneath the sand at the bottom of the ocean and just vortex sucks everything into its mouth full of curved teeth to trap its victims in and its big enough to do more harm to your body where as an angler fish is just ugly enough to cause mental harm.
I really loved this movie. Hoping for a sequel in the future.
I dont really think this guys scared of angler fish...
How long do I have to hold male and female scientists under water for their offspring to develop the ability to survive being held under water?
1+ subscriber gained. Very informative, interesting channel theme, one that I didn't know I wanted and needed.
Bro moon pies are so damn good, but so damn calorie-dense. The amount of shame and pleasure one gets when eating one is unfathomable
i can tell u from my knollage of cathulu Its not my boy the dark lord. Lol that blast would of done jack shit to him if it was.  He has god level regneration and durability That veary likely was just a lesser underwater kiju.
I always thought the MASSIVE creature looked like Cthulhu...
It was announced a few days ago in the 2010s and the 1960s. If you're going to do the whole existential crisis bit leading to media being, as some would say, shockingly accurate to real life, at least kinda know what you're talking about.
play subnautica coward (I suggest using the invisible cheat [RShift+Enter for cheat console] if you wanna get lore, but otherwise creatures just go into Creative, same goes for Below Zero)
Can verify I will eat monn pie now and again
Top Ten Math Jumpscares #1 (awesome video)
It had to have been a natural species as Cithulu's mere presence would have driven them insane.
The "explosion" when his suit implodes is his air supply tanks bursting.
Back to watch a 2nd time just to hear you freak out about Angler Fish again lol.
You clearly have 0 clue how implosions work, as well as how compression and decompression works on divers.
My toxic trait is thinking Id be able to body a couple of these things before they took me out 😂
Could the difference be a form of bi-mophism(?) like a difference between make/female?
1:59 Roanoke jumpscare lol
F.O.S.
Dont be a weenie we want subnautica!
I wish there were more non-human intelligences and civilizations (alien or Earthling) in science fiction in marine or aquatic environments. It is an interesting and dangerous environment that has been little explored.
A breakdown of the human brain in survival mode was a surprise. But a welcome one.
I’m so sad you won’t be covering Subnautica… can’t you cover the bacteria that’s in the storyline?
The water rock is gonna be like the bread from lord of the rings "one bite will fill you up for a whole day"
Could be that the cuthulu motherfucker is a monarch of them. A bit like a queen bee or an ant queen. After all, might be a better chance for survival in the evolutionary fist fight that is the ocean if all the babies come from the massive motherfucker in the corner surrounded by drones
This movie was pivotal for Stewart. She was great! It’s too bad it wasn’t more well received. I think it’ll age well though.
put this on to go to sleep, had to get up and turn off halfway through as this genuinely gave me an existential crisis. im so scared to die man
Deep sea terrifies me! I remember playing SOMA and was absolutely terrified while walking down in the abyss. Terrified!!!
This movies sounds like a ripoff of Stasis: Bone Totem but also boring.  Thanks for watching it so I didn't have to.
you look like a divorced dad with short hair, you can almost see an illusion of the same deep seated sadness you see in the eyes if male on male  adult actors in eastern slavic countries
Guys I think he’s afraid of the angler fish
ANGLERFISH!!!
I'm torn on what this thing actually is, no doubt it took heavy inspiration of Lovecraft. But as to it being an actual cosmic horror deity, there are a few things that if falls short on. The idea that it's a natural evolution seems plausible up to a point. The underwater ape theory is intriguing and does play into some of the adaptations these creatures went through. So not much go on there, but going on to the Lovecraft angle I think there are a few ways its being used and/or being portrayed.  To explain being used, people tend to fall back on simplifying certain things or comparing them with something they are familiar with and adapting what they know and comparing it to what is going on and learning the fundamentals of how it works and how to possibly deal with it. Take for example Stranger Things, some minor spoilers, the kids in that series tended to compare the creatures they encountered to D&D creatures and/or beings to set a baseline on how they might operate. These weren't exact match ups, but still provided a baseline of okay this creature in D&D acted like this creature but doesn't look like it. It was weak to this tactic, but we can't do that, well let's go with what we do have and go down the list of things available and see what is the most effective. With the referencing of Lovecraft, specifically Cthulhu, means they had to have seen it and used that piece of fiction as a bases of what to call it and started to compare what it really looked, what it could actually do, and what Cthulhu did in the story to come up with a rational understanding of what and how to deal with it.  When it comes to portrayal, this where more of the deity part needs to be emulated. By that it would need to have more of an effect on the characters psychologically through psychic means. The captain, while having memory issues may be considered an example, the explanation given in this video also partially debunks that notion. Had it been more crew members experiencing something like this, or other weird unexplained events and/or senses being affected. So, for example, strange humming noises or odd high-pitched whines and screeches that seemed more in the head than being heard in the water. Or maybe more hallucination-based stuff like someone seeing something and/or hearing it. While there were moments of something like these, more often than not, it was the creature hunting and probably communicating with others of its kind to ambush the crew much like a pack of wolves. But had comms been more disrupted or there were more unusual noises emanating through the suit comms than just the water this would have been played more in the portrayal aspect and give a bit more solid credence and foundation to yes this is a cosmic horror with powers beyond human comprehension. And if this was the case, then the evolution of underwater apes takes a different approach, and the Cthulhu references still play the used aspect. But now has more fundamental role than just comparison and plays more like the holy grail and the best prophetic writing to take more literally.
I feel that the larger one is probably more like a Cthulhu and creature because the amount of energy and food that huge creature would need to like consume is insane but the smaller ones I could feel would be less you know Cthulhu just more creatures that you know surround it
Another weird thing about the suits is, if they are pressurized to the point of having similar or higher pressure than the water around them, the people inside would get absolutely crushed due to the immense pressure that exists at the ocean floor. It's kinda similar to having a vaccuum inside a spacesuit. If anyone did that, they might as well just not wear the space suit at all, they'd just die of (probably) suffocation either way.
Moon pies are delicious!!!
Man, I love moon pies
play Narcosis
While watching this movie my question was where's Godzilla when you need him?
Im pretty sure his daughter died like 3 years ago but he still says what current age she wouldve been
It's definitely Cthulhu...
I am totally in support of sending Doomslayers to ocean floor. To combat leviathan. "The only thing they fear is you".
The captain could have kept counting after her passing, I think she died three years before the movie, and he just couldn't let go all the way.
Nice shout out for Inernet Historian! Good taste sir.
Yup, Kristen Stewart is in this movie, and she is abso-fucking-lutely brilliant. I realized she was a way better actress than we ever gave her credit for, ever since I watched Clouds of Sils Maria!
Water is incompressible.The water at the bottom of the ocean has the exact same density as the water at the surface.
this is movie he's talking about is really just "Barotrauma The Movie"
If I saw that huge creature in the water I would probably consider shutting off my lights for good. I’m not someone who would ever consider it. But if I was in that situation and by god I hope I never will be!😨
something tells me that he doesn't like anglerfish, idk what tho
"The most human thing possible, you break our toys we break your species"
also, at depth in a system where pressure is not stable you can get nitrogen narcosis. makes you feel drunk.
Roanoke opened a can of worms, talking about Moon Pies. Like, we hardly see people at Arby's.. HOW!!
This just makes me more scared of subnautica even more
It’s really disappointing that you’re not gonna do a video about subnautica but I understand why you won’t.   If anyone else here wants to learn about the biology of subnautica like me here is a video that goes over the biology of Subnautica but not in as much detail https://youtu.be/1xBrxWzKzDQ?si=KEIPseonGAezK8lM
After considering your background, could/would you analyze the game called SOMA?
I shit you not Roanoke when my grandfather died I went to CA to clean out his storage units. One was just  full of  boxes moonpies and MRE's
We definitely need subnautica
Underwater is a Lovecraftian cosmic horror movie so it’s weird to me to try to use marine biology to analyze the creatures in it and then call it a cop out when the creatures don’t make sense when analyzed through that perspective. They’re straight up not supposed to make sense to us since it’s a movie about a supernatural horror being unleashed from the depths.  Another thing people seem to forget about this movie is that the creatures aren’t the only reason why shit goes wrong for the workers down there. Capitalist greed is the other reason. The corporation that the main characters work for had a history of cutting corners that cost people their lives. That’s why the suits suck, that’s why they didn’t have enough escape pods, that’s why they kept drilling despite knowing something wrong was likely to happen (ie the backstory of the previously abandoned base down there). The end of the movie when the credits roll and they show the stuff written about the two survivors’ accounts and how the company was trying to engage in a coverup further drives this point home.  These two things can easily explain a decent amount of the stuff that people like to nitpick about this movie.
The director did confirm it was cthulu a while ago :)
Bro when you described as a child being in the water and getting hit in the leg by something and not knowing what it was that exact thing happened to me when I was in Florida on vacation when I was a teenager and to this day I will not go in open bodies of water and am absolutely terrified to approach and go any deeper than maybe my knees. It is a soul-crushing fear that I really can't put into words but hearing you explain it cost me to start thinking about it just now and feeling those emotions so thank you and choke on a dick also side note I love your videos keep up the great work!
Ah yes I said no to the ocean when I was young and had a brush up with a great white never again
What's your beef with anglerfish? Did one steal your wife
why i love this channel, just went on a research journey about ringwoodite lol. thanks
Angler fish
5:19 that Kate crushing scene is in gears 5
I assumed they were Deep Ones, and the director put Cthulhu in at the end as most people (not familiar with lovecraft) would recognise him and not Dagon or Mother Hydra.
"At 28 your body starts dying" Thank you, for further deepening my existential crisis!  :D
Great, im dying
i might have to rewatch the movie but i could of swore there was a scene where you could see the humanoid like creatures coming out of Cthulu's body similar to certain species of frog. which is why i sort of remember it as a mother and hatchlings
My man... It's just a movie. Relax.
I like moon pieces. But now a days the only place I can find them is a cracker barrel and my local Cabela's.
he REALLY doesn't like angler fish huh
Bro's got beef with Angler Fishes.
Angler? What Angler- *BOOMIRONLUNGENDING!*
The bit talking about whales reminded me of something of a fun fact: whales evolved from land mammals, and as we’ve relatively recently learned, there’s populations of wolves that have already evolved physical features that allow them to be slightly more adept at hunting in the ocean.
Featherless bipedal you say?
Earth produces water just like oil.
honestly these suits feel like unused cog armor props for a gears of war movie
I knew some Navy Seals who fought these things, we lost some good men down there 😞
Does ringwoodite have to do with subduction(~water being moved beneath the Earth's crust via tectonic plate movement.)? I remember reading about this years ago and being amazed by the idea of large masses of crystalized water beneath our oceans. Cool to see this come up again if it is what I am thinking of.
3:45 C'mon, Roanoke. You know what it was
I really enjoy your speculations and inclusion of human biochem. It’s truly terrifying to hear you rationalize horror to the point that it make sense. thanks for the videos!
I believe the director said he couldn’t sell the plot to studios as the leviathan being Cthulu, but as far as he’s concerned, it is Cthulu lol
New drinking game take a shot every time you hear the word anglerfish.
7:00 did you mean meters? I'm confluffed
I enjoy the new models of monsters but you and the angler fish lol
regarding the pressure relief valve. Well... that´s a horrible idea. Sure, to us it makes sense. But: decompression sickness is a thing that kills many divers. Gasses dissolve in the tissue, different gasses need to be used for diferent depths etc. So it´s not just a "the suit needs to decrease pressure" thing. Our body literally can´t handle it. N2 in your tissue? you´ll be k.o. and drown. Even oxygen becomes toxic at certain depths. And if you breathe in at 200 atmospheres but your suit decompresses to 50 atmospheres your lung will burst and you will die. So yeah... the suit could have a pressure relief valve. But you would die anyways. So that valve is kinda pointless and would (probably) cause more harm than good. That being said: breathing liquid would be fine. so if the entire suit would´ve been flooded with a liguid that can be used for breathing that would work. but getting that fluid out of your lungs between dives is... challenging.
throughout the entire video you barely show the monster at all. what even is this, a summary of a movie? boring.
Roanoke really doesn't like The Anglerfish
its obviously amphibious but with the varying forms, it had to of been a surface dwelling species at one point in time. Kinda like Xenomorph DNA going on here in the sense that it rapidly adapts to its environment through some sort of genetic assimilation of surrounding species. I believe that it identifies an existing intelligent or dominant species, topples it and takes the best traits from said toppled species to incorporate into its own and spawns more from that generic information. Again, i could be very wrong too but i do believe there is an agenda to these creatures to constantly advance itself through conflict (mirroring the duality of man).
Gets “ oceangated “ 😂
We need to keep bugging him to do subnautica the disease in the game is right up his alley.
Take it from someone that has sailed all the oceans of this planet of ours (NAVY) stay out of oceaan...it is straight up "Monster Soup".
You know, I don't think they actually have oxygen in their tanks since at deeper depths that stuff does become toxic and other gasses are used to better support life. But i could be wrong 😅
aquatic ape theory... have you been talking to joe rogan?
When he first mentioned primate hands on the small one I was like "oh my god, real seamonkeys." Didn't realize that was actually where he was going.
Damn... Papa Roanoke is REEEEEEEEEEEEEALLLY freaked out by angler fish lol
We know that oil didn't come from dinosaurs because the rock layer is found in predates dinosaurs. And the dinosaurs would have produced the right amount of biomass to account for it either
Looks like they really went all out to tick the diversity boxes with this one lol. They're just missing someone in a wheelchair.
The leviathan is clearly just an Angler fish in disguise.
I think these are Deep Ones and Dagon (who's a super old, biologically immortal Deep One). Not Cthulhu.   Very little actually supernatural about them, and would explain (at least story wise) their humanoid features.
I think Roanoke's worst fear is an Anglerfish lol
I hate that everyone is like "That's Cthulhu!" when it's clearly Dagon and the Deep Ones
this creature seems naturaly occurring but having someone kill cthulhu for oil is the most "USA NUMBER ONE BABY!" thing i've ever seen XD
I feel dumb but what does be mean by "almond activating"
Honestly nobody can fault you for messing up those eldrich offspring names cause I’m pretty sure unless some heard it spoken correctly before they wouldn’t get it right the first time either, don’t even ask me to spell that cause hell nah I won’t be able to spell those names.
Muslims already know what's in the oceans and you're not gonna like it.
The suit implosion created a hydrodynamic shockwave that results from the cavitation.
Been patiently waiting for this movie, I love this channel 🤟
So my thought because of the human features was the small one (which is mostly a mass of tentacles infests humans and causes them to turn into the 'aquatic apes' which is where the crew ended up since we keep finding torn apart ships and structures with no one on them. The hibernating ones were still turning.
Guys, I got three military recruitment commercials throughout this, makes me nervous.
What am i watching, lol. Can't tell if I'm watching a movie recap or some sort of biological review. Lol.  At 11:30 in.
8:40 For every action there is an equal and opposite reaction.
Personally, I'd say the creatures are shape shifters of a sort, that wrap their tentacles around each other in a manner akin to muscles. Notice how on the leviathan, one of the arms is significantly more complete than the other? I believe it's in the process of metamorphosing it's body to take on humanoid traits that from it's observations have determined to be highly advantageous, specifically human like hands to manipulate things with.
Tinnitus: If you picture its wavelength in one color, then lay itself out of phase in the opposite color and really concentrate on canceling out the sine.... it works. For me, at least.
I'm an engineer and I got to put in my 2 cents. Firstly, the idea that 1 helmet imploding can harm the others is 100% true. There was a real life submersible that used glass orbs for buoyancy and was in deep water. It just randomly died and the investigation concluded that 1 orb broke causing the others to. The main differences would be it would implode in like .1 seconds. There would be very little warning.   As for the base, no one would make it. Under water construction is too expansive, and making that base at that depth would be more expensive than colonizing the moon extensively and much less profitable. Legit, any crack any where would be like a water cutter that could take out the whole base. Imagine Titan Gate, but the size of a sky scrapper. It has to be tough because if anything goes wrong, it'd go very wrong too quickly to react. However, if they did build it, it'd be tough enough to withstand those creatures. The water pressure requires it.   Moving on the suits, they look realistic. There was a project to make a deep sea diving suit and it looked really weird, but it was a giant suit of armor. Because of the environment the suit would be a crazy strong and tough bit of kit. The suit would be a match for the monsters we see. The depths would require an extreme outer shell that would be strong enough for the monsters. It'd also have some kind of fighting ability to deal with giant squid; I'm not kidding. The main this in that a space suit costs about $100 mil, so I think these suits would cost $1 Billion or more. There'd only be 1 or 2 suits and they'd be built to last. I think they'd do quite well. Interestingly, they wouldn't suffer from the bends or anything like it because of the rigid exterior so you could get to the surface as fast as you want without exploding issues. It'd be safe.  What's interesting is the creatures. I'm not a biologist, but I have read up on them and deep sea creatures typically have bad cardio. It's cold, there's little food, and little oxygen. This creatures could exist, but they'd be very lethargic or, they'd be anaerobic, meaning they wouldn't use oxygen. Makes sense if they were locked away in a closed pocket of water for some time. If that's the case, O2 would be toxic to them; it's reactive and destructive like acid to these things. They may attack the crew just because they're the only food around. However, these things could have monster strength.   So if this were too happen, I think the crew would be fine, and would probably see it coming. The base would be built like a tank, and could take their attacks. They wouldn't know to hide, and the surveyors would likely find them easily. They'd already have some equipment to deal with the small creatures because of having to fight off giant squids. The big guy would be interesting. However, they could make whole area a no-go zone for these things by pumping oxygen from the surface to up the O2 level of the water and make the whole area toxic to them. If people did need to take a water walk, it'd be scary because there might only be 1 suit, and no way to share.
"You break our toys, we break your species"  Humans in a nutshell.
The parents in home alone should've gotten locked up
28:00 Ohh, its Moonlord's cousin, Sealord! Someone call the Terrarian, there's a new update in the ocean biome
I think the species is a poorly made “spooky man like” Cthulhu ripoff for money gain. It’s a “scary” movie so of course the writing is dog water. Sometimes they just make things with human like parts for the uncanny effect. “Like yeah it acts like a human” isn’t the single dumbest thing to fight as you can treat it like killing another human. Go after the offspring to cause emotional distress and irrational thought then proceed to throw off its senses delivering a state of anxiety. Once it’s in panic mode aim for locomotive muscles and leave it butchered but alive and screaming to dismay the rest of the group. This of course is for human like behaving normal things not underwater things as your just dead, it’s their turf. Don’t go against a dolphin in a swimming contest or a monkey in a tree climbing contest but they can’t even fathom a percentage of our malice.
It was never hypothesized that "oil came from dinosaurs". It comes from fossils. But for the most part, people hear "fossil" and immediately associate it with dino's. Even if you limit the comparison to something like bacteria, you'll find it out weighs humans by a couple 1000 times. At the bottom of the ocean the dead life forms rain down like an endless snow fall that's been going for millions of years.
Dude, please cut down on the random tangents — it’s fun to a certain extent but you’ve gotta edit some of it out
8:35 dude, watch the titan sub implosion simulation
Even a "Cthulhu" is a natural species IMHO.
Vampires live forever because they don't need oxygen
ok i am going out on a limb but you are not a fan of anglerfish ore you
Thulu or not, this kind of horror really gets me. Love it and hate it all at once.
the adults brow line kinda look like a sangheili helmet from halo
I love both Subnautica and No Man's Sky.
As I'm watching this, I'm reminded I have a box of moon pies in the s3at next to me. I open one up and scarf that sucker
Also. If it were a natural creature I don't see why there would be nothing in the fossil record. The reason we don't have that for megalodon other than it's teeth and the like is because it's mostly cartilage. This being an ape that evolved... along side fucking megalodon according to you would have lived for such a long period of time dropping bones everywhere that at some point some would have almost assuredly been fossilized. More holes in these theories than in in the plot.
The aquatic ape theory is a theory of human development. It states we are mostly hairless like aquatic or mud waddling creatures along with other similarities such as posture for diving etc. Not that there was some long lost aquatic ape.
You want to logic it as a potential real species locked away. What was its food source to stay that size? Why was it still bipedal? Why didn't it shrink if it didn't have a food source to maintain it that way? If it, idk filtered raw materials somehow why does it have the strength ability and need to hunt and eat flesh? Why does it think it has the ability to digest humans?  Why isn't it actually more scared of humans the moment they appear able to harm it? Where did it get the proteins to grow and maintain this larger brain? The idea of single large intelligent species being isolated for thousands or more years and being released like this and it being a natural species is in itself science fiction. Even if we're talking about multiple species these are 3 species you would need an ecosystem to maintain this creature.
If this movie is a Lovecraftian one, then those creatures would be Deep Ones. According to Lovecraft's short story, "The Shadow Over Innsmouth," the people of Innsmouth began interbreeding with Deep Ones to create Deep One hybrids, which are born and grow up looking mostly human, but eventually mutate and go to live forever beneath the sea. That might explain the 2 different species you've identified, and even the human-like characteristics in one of them.  The director confirmed in an interview that the Gian entity was Cthulhu himself, though that doesn't track so well in Lovecraftian mythology, where Cthulhu's children (the "Starspawn") are primarily octopoid in nature. It would have made more sense for the giant creature to be either Dagon or Mother Hydra, the 2 enormous progenitors of the Deep Ones.
In what way is it a cop out? I don't think that means what you think it means.
The suit being able to resist the pressures and being pulled apart have nothing to do with each other. Very few things are every designed and then engineered to have every kind of structural integrity at all times. We tend to make things specialized such that in instances outside of their designated use they don't perform well. Being able to pull it apart could also be a planned point of failure for different purposes, one that comes to mind is the suit being caught under rubble for instance.
4:26 fun fact: the 2 crew members that were running towards the airlock but didn’t make it, one of them is actor Gunner Wright who is the voice of Isaac Clarke from Dead Space. He is credited as Lee Miller in the end credits which was his characters name in the film Love (2011) which was also directed by William Eubank who directed this movie.
So thankful that my tinnitus doesn't get loud when I'm trying to sleep
They're underwater Spartans fighting angler fish
Barotrauma the movie
Sub Nautica is castaway change my mind 😂😅🤣😆
Love the gears reference 😎👍
Too bad this movie won’t get a sequel
You don't need thalasophobia to respect how fucking terrifying the ocean is.  Also "it's at it's worst at night when you're trying to sleep" sounds like the night shift life has chosen you, my friend. Though I get something similar, but it's explosions, screams, and gunshots instead of tinnitus. Fun!
I have a vore fetish.
Mardi Gras keeps moon pies in business. Every year we have a walmart bag full of smashed moon pies from the parades we attend.
i remember reading about this news like past semester lol... also it was theorized like 20 years ago, and the oil coming from the sea life is way more plausible than just dinos... why? easy, what kind of terrain is mostly where oil is obtained? and also "when" were this lifeforms sepulted in sediments forming this biofermentedgoothing that is the oil
Ph'nglui mglw'nafh Cthulhu R'lyeh wgah'nagl fhtagn
I just wanted to say that I absolutely love your channel and content!! You always manage to find horror movies I’ve never heard of, and the biological approach to examining parts of the movie is genuinely so cool. I hope I get to see the channel grow even more!
Roanoke: * *starts doing a science rant* * Editor: RANDOM BULLSHIT GO! Oh! And one more thing: i believe that these… gooblers… are not primates or apes but instead cephalopods. It’s speculated that cephalopods will become the dominant species after our extinction due to how intelligent they are, from just plain documentaries to video games like Splatoon! Although splatoon’s dominant species only came to be because humans put a bunch of liquid mind reading crystal into the water but aside from that yea.
"In the six hundredth year of Noah’s life, on the seventeenth day of the second month, on that same day all the fountains of the great deep burst open, and the windows and floodgates of the heavens were opened."  Makes you wonder why every ancient society has a great flood story...
I for one really enjoy whenever you go on a  long side tangent where you theorize about HOW a creature could exist it my favorite part every time.
Tannerite, a popular binary ballistic "explosive" that people shoot to blow things up, actually causes an implosion upon reaction. But the implosion causes an immediate shock wave as the implosion releases back out. So i could see the high pressure causing an implosion of the suit that would then cause an equivalent shockwave out
Why the hate for the anglerfish? They're awesome, they have a really unique life cycle and practice parasitic hermaphrodism which is kind of unique in its own way. I love the deep ocean. I'm not freaked out by any of this stuff, but then again I'm a marine biologist. I could firmly believe that perhaps the smaller species may even be parasitic or semi-parasic to the larger organism.
It's really funny to me that we spent 50 years freaking out about the 1atm pressure difference of space.
What’s with you and angler fish
The deep unbearable hatred against anglerfish is all I can understand in this video😂...
The thing is with "floating up" at that depth, if you ascend too quickly, without protection, you'll start to develop nitrogen bubbles in your bones, which could cause serious injury, if not just outright kill you if exposed long enough.
Take a shot every time Roanoke says anglerfish
8:37 when an implosion occurs, all the mass is condensed then expands very quickly, like a supernova but way smaller
Fun fact: This movie was not filmed under water. It was CGI.
so much emphasis on the t in cthulhu
to be fair the creatures could actually be similar to the offspring from The Shadow over Innsmouth, since the people of the town were breeding with the Deep Ones, who i believe also inhabit Cthulhu's cith R'lyeh
I have thalassophobia so I watched 95% of this video with the comments up.
I bought a moon pie once, it was gross, I don't get the hype.
Humans find God, then proceed to kill God.
The director confirmed it's Cthulhu we see at the end.
The ocean is pretty
Sorry to break your heart with this, but it was confirmed that the giant creature is literally just Cthuhlu. Willian Eubank confirmed it.
You should absolutely do Subnautica. Cover the Reaper Leviathan first.
I like that the creator calls the big one cthulhu implying awful magics  29:07 the names of elder and outer gods are meant to be impossible to pronounce with our boring human throats so it doesn't matter how you say it
ugh hate that actress
We have the technology to make suits that can withstand pressures of the deep, but still rely on fossil fuels?  /boggle
I like moon pies
Does the card of the Captains daughter not say that she was 14? I mean the font is really not great, but after rewinding and stopping the vid, i'm pretty sure that second one is a four
I enjoyed your video buy disagree. The smaller monsters are deep ones and the large one is cthulu. If you watch till the end of through the credits. The company covered it all up and knew about the creatures all along.
Ph'nglui mglw'nafh Cthulhu R'lyeh wgah'nagl fhtagn
Regarding stressful/threatening situations affecting memory - a couple years ago I took a diving class out in the middle of nowhere in southeast asia with barely any safety procedures and the first time we actually went diving in the ocean (down about 40 feet or so), I had my equipment fail.  While that might not have been a particularly impressive way to go out, it was life-threatening enough to register. Luckily my adrenaline-crazed brain managed to perfectly recall the accident protocols for such a case, despite my barely paying attention during the preparatory classes. The human brain is definitely very good at saving its own ass when it comes down to it.
It will be nice to see you use these creatures in a DnD campaign
this is a Lovecraftian story, if you look at 24:01, you can see a drawing of Cuthulu as he's represented in the Call of Cuthulu
"The brain is the greediest thing you have and will sacrifice your fingers before sacrificing it's own oxygen supply" I was going to say that you can live without your fingers but you can't live without your brain... then I remembered there are flatearthers and politicians so I might be wrong about that :P
I JUST WATCHED THIS MOVIE AND INSTANTLY CAME RUSHING TO SEE IF ROANOKE COVERED IT YET OMG  edit: I actually loved this movie so I'm lowkey scared that Roanoke's gonna totally shred it 🥲
I thought underwater was a great deep sea thriller/horror movie. Unfortunately released at a bad time. I really hope the make a sequel. Underwater 2 Cthulhu boogaloo
The director has said that the large creature is indeed Cthulhu making the smaller creatures most likely Deep Ones. I was always under the impression that the “we took to much speech” was accidentally correct and that the company were possibly evil/greedy or both. Ignoring the danger and possibly even releasing these creatures on purpose (seeing that they were so eager to lie to people and send more time) for research or typical cthulhu cult reasons. If the company is indeed evil and greedy it would explain the dive suits many short comings.
34:50 As a wise man once said "theres always a bigger fish"
I actually enjoyed this movie quite thoroughly. Also that was Gears 5 haha Also also: Recommendation for going back to diseases, lets do Dishonored's Rat Plague and Blood Flies
So! Those little guys are called Deep Ones in Cthulhu mythos!
Telling people that their body starts dying at 28 is knowledge no one should know of cause that's going to cause an early mid life crisis right then and there.
Another movie to not waste time with
Should play soma
Notes. 1. You mispronounce Kristen Stewart's name exactly at the moment it appears on the movie's opening credits. The clue to saying it correctly is in its spelling - as in the order in which those pesky letters line up. 2. Green screen is a concept that is eluding you. 3. You don't need to personally define cheesy.  Do the shirt up or get waxed - single open button more socially and aesthetically acceptable. You're welcome.
Worth noting that the author of the Aquatic Ape Theory heavily regrets calling it that.  It leads to widespread false idea that apes are confirmed to have had an offshoot "return to the water", and become basically mermaids.  That is explicitly *not* what the Aquatic Ape Theory is about.  Rather, the theory relates to how knuckle walking apes transitioned to bipedalism -- by wading in water to forage for food.  While this feat can definitely be achieved by knuckle walking, it is significantly harder for them than a truly bipedal stance would be.
The oil pit has been tested with pressure and extremely high pressure and temperature does produce oil from even if you just throw some wood into the crusher.  Lower Mount to pressure you can turn plastic into an oil
The director confirmed that the massive leviathan is Cthulhu
the thing about not knowing what burning fossil fuels does to the enviroment was a bit weird. inserting a bit of your own ideology i see
On the side note, a Live action Warhammer 40k movie featuring the space marines is now possible with the diving suit designs
Dagon not Cthulhu
Dagon
Roanoke, I'm getting the sense that you don't like angler fish.
Sea Monkeys~
This thing definitely is not Cthulhu. It's way too small. Well a proper description of cthulu doesn't exist. We know he is huge ridiculously huge and wellness creature is big. I wouldn't say it's bitch slap Godzilla and tell him to get back in the playpen with the other babies big. From what I've come across go through Cthulhu supposed to be thousands a feet tall. That creature is hundreds of feet tall. Just for fun, let's slap on the fact that It doesn't seem more intelligent than humanity and it is not using any magic
I did infact enjoy the video.
Ringwoodite has been well known for decades . Its 2023 and to say they just announced it like its some kinda bombshell is dumb. See water comes from the sun .. yeah its cool right?
I wanna moon pie now
I 100% believe that someday we will find out Oil is a renewable resource that if you dont fully drain a well it will refill over a relatively short period of time
Welllll according to the director, that thing IS Cthulhu and the small ones ARE Deep Ones. And the company, TIAN industries, is short for LovecrafTIAN.
Ah yes another reason to never go into the ocean.
Yeah for how much we know about our own planet vampires witches and Giants could be real we were just too afraid of them to put them in the history books
Internet Historians video on Concordia is glorious. It makes one understand how the Italians got it so hard in WWII with how stunningly incompetent they are.
Seems to make it be some reference to dagon a mother Hydra.
Grats on almost 1m subs
I honestly thought Kristen Stewart acted well in this movie. I think Stewart just needed to be in a film that they didn’t hate and where the writing wasn’t terrible. Same with Robert Pattinson.
basically oil is dead algae and plankton. the knowledge may have only recently come out but oil companies have been making synthetic oils for a long while and it was simply from pressurecooking algae. there's actually a video of someone making an algae farm and even demonstrated cooking the algae to make oil.   also if ya think about it, the dead animals falling into tarpits to make oil being a myth shoulda been more obvious since tar is basically a preexisting oil deposit that's breeched the surface and slowly drying up into a natural asphault deposit and not becoming more oil
Im Pretty sure that since the main giant Kaiju Like creature is Cthulu (as been proven by the director but also during the lockerscene where cult like symbols and the HP drawing of the GOD can be seen) The Body Swollowers would most likely be "The Deep Ones" from the HP Mythos.
angler fish
"chemo-electric anxiety meat" 🔥🔥🔥
I absolutely would love a merch that said "Its probably not Cthulhu, don't worry about it" that quote just sticks with me from this one.
Bro is definitely beefing with the angular fish
2:45 well shit im going to space!!!          So what you're saying is, we should build anti-grav rooms for anti- aging treatment. I think this could be ground breaking if it works.
Yeah supernatural can be a copout but personally i think a decent amount of people in the science community hold humanity to a supernatural level. Like they feel that humanity is the end all be all of science. And heaven forbid you have a cool monster idea. I just think theres some things that we'll never find out cause we're nothing special than animals, we just got really lucky with sentience. Yeah we can solve cancer but also start wars over the smallest thing. Its like food poncery, oh yeah it looks fancy but in practice its still just a burger.
Weirdly enough after understanding the biology better and thanks a lot to Roanoak, I was able to conquer my paralizing fear of death, well as much as it is probably humanly possible.
The cephalopod like creatures are _The Deep Ones_ they worship Cthulhu.
At about the 32-minute mark, I realized you were making the argument that this (at least the smaller) species are... Sea-monkeys.  Which in reality are brine-shrimp, which the larger species look more like a shrimp than a cephalopod.  You clever so and so.
Im gonna drop a little note here saying subnautica makes me feel the same way but it is on my top 5 best games of all time. I remember when i first started playing it everytime i could not see the seabed i had a physical reaction in my feet and toes and wanting to curl them up and just exit the game, but after a while you get used to it and man, is the game good in my opinion.
soma with a different plotline and in present day.
it would be interesting to see you do like a breakdown video on movies with totally impossible or stupid monsters that don’t make sense and explain why lol
Great video! I did notice that they actually do seem to have eyes, but dark in colour, small, and sunken in. You can clearly see eye-shine in the scene where all of them are waking up in the scene where she shoots her way through one
lol when I heard your voice the first time I thought you were blond
I've been on multiple industrial sites that are decommissioned as part of my job. People leave a LOT of things behind when this happens.
If they ever make a live action Gears of War movie, they need these suits
I have a slight suspicion that you don’t like anglerfish
i dont know if anyone else has said...but "just an animal' is dangerous language~ also: angler fish!
Almost at 1mil
I kinda want to see you breakdown SOMA or alteast a playthrough
Yeah scuba gear does have an emergency second stage but the person sharing it has to take into account that both people don't use air at the same rate. I carry a pony tank with me so that I never have to share my air because you don't know how quickly a panicked person will drain you. I'm rescue Diver certified and have been diving/training since I was 11 so I've built up a decent amount of gear. At those depths you absolutely DO NOT want to be sharing if you can help it and it's kind of a triage situation. Get the ones that will survive to safety first and go back if it's possible later. I assumed the feeling of being high is nitrogen narcosis. I've experienced it in a hyperbaric chamber. It's super weird, it feels good but it's not something I'd want to feel a second time in an uncontrolled situation.
I can tell you who buys moonpies. I do. I buy them. And then I forget I have them and when the craving comes I find the ones I have have gone stale, so I have to go buy more.
Subnautica isn't even that bad tbh. Currently on my 3rd playthrough, finally stopped shitting my pants when I hear the reaper. 9/10, need new pants
Instantly liked when you shouted out internet historian
I was just watching a video from a few weeks back were Roanoke was talking about antibiotics and antibiotic soap. I have a 8th grade education so maybe I should stay in my lane but what about the cattle industry. We use antibiotics on cattle that would kill us. We eat them and the waste products go back into the earth.
I think it's the natural species the legend of Cthullu stems from
My man hates the anglerfish but I can't say I blame him.
This video is the first time I’ve been able to match the voice to a face lol. I’ve been watching your channel for a long time but haven’t seen who actually does the voice for it. 😂 love the content !!!
this manz beef with the anglerfish is gold. i respect it
Your analysis seems pretty good to me. But I think your fears have blinded you. That leviathan creature obviously isn't some Cthuluh creature. Its an Angler Fish.
I mean, since it's basically confirmed that the monsters are Cthulhu's servant race "The Deep Ones" and Cthulhu himself appears at the end, it feels kind of moot to "explain" it. But that does seem to be the angle of this channel, so rock on.
I enjoyed your video.  Also, i personally think dumb stuff like not being able to open the pod from the inside is likely something the movie writers did for suspense, because there is no way that stupid design is real. Or maybe I'm too optimistic.
Roanoke, I have a similar pants shitting ocean experience! I was at Myrtle Beach with 3 friends, and we were swimming and I guess the tide and/or current took us really far out without us realizing. The life guard was signaling us with loud speaker, arm signals and whistles because we were too far. Right around this time, fish started jumping out of the water ahead of us, and we swam away from them, but they kept getting closer until they were all around us as we swam back to shore. That’s when all four of us felt something large beneath our feet swim by, and then it bumped into my friends leg and then into mine. We were fucking terrified, we made it back to shore where we collapsed from swimming so hard and we still have no idea what it was. All we know is that it was probably a predator due to the behavior of the fish. I’ve never been further than waist high in the ocean since.
Do a video on the 1989 movie Society! such a good one to hear you talk about
Can't be Cthulhu. No wings. That and well, if it was, the girl would have gone mad and the end of the world would be upon us shortly. Even when sleeping, Cthulhu can touch a human mind easily and "destroy" it.
Hi there! Great Video. You should see the game SOMA, it's full of biotech fucks to talk about xD
25:25 there's a perfect example of this in the animated show Scavengers Reign. @Roanoke i guarantee you will love thay show, not only that but you can do a lot of deep dives on the actual lifeforms they run into on that alien planet. As for that example there's a small crew and everytime they go to a new planet they designate a new leader for the mission. They do this by huddling together and rapidly breathing in O2 until there's one person left standing, that person becomes the mission leader.
I appreciate what this movie tried to do. Like. It's not perfect but damn is the concept just. Like, interesting as fuck.
Okay, I love your videos (especially ones like this that introduce me to movies I'd never even heard of, but can enjoy by proxy thanks to you). I always thought your voice sounded familiar, but this video definitely makes me recall the voice of Pravus Gaming and his FTL series. Are you guys related?? Give it a listen and see what you think. BTW, keep up the great work!
Wouldn't intelligence be a massive downside in an ecosystem that is very poor and has almost no intellectual stimulation? Tool use would be very limited underwater, and there is basically nothing to see. So planning skills and patern recognition would be on the back burner. And why waste all that food on a massive brain when it could be used to survive?
Only issue that I have was the meat grinder comment at the end and how we would have counter measures. I watched the movie when it came out in theaters and during the end credits (or the beginning of the movie, I can't fully remember) there is a quick shot of the blueprints for the station. In the blue prints you can see on screen there is a room labeled "Containment Chamber". I don't think a regular oil rig would need anything like that, so it is absolutely implied that the company was using the oil rig/drilling as a cover up and they were there to study the creatures but the situation got out of hand. The company really WAS willing to send people back into the meat grinder to learn more about the creatures.
Another theory for the leviathan could be sexual dimorphism, IMO. Since some sea creatures (like the clown fish) can change their sex when needed, maybe the most dominant of the group (or something) becomes a male; which triggers the changes with the legs, etc. back into a tail like when the species is younger. The smaller (still huge, lol) creatures could be the females and the leviathan is the male that fertilizes for the whole group. That could also be why they have the tail, etc. when they're born. If there's no need for a male, they just continue growing into the full female form
I remember seeing somewhere that they said this was supposed to be cthulhu when they made the movie but i dont remember where i read that so who knows
So I also have an insane fear of the ocean, but forced myself through Subnautica. Absolutely worth it. You wouldn't regret it.
You know way to much about removing heads 😂
My wife had an uncontrollable craving for moon pies during her pregnancy so I’d like to think our child is partially responsible for their business success.
DUDE. I SO feel you on Subnautica! I had to fight every single time I put my head underwater  in that game. THEN I found the BIG fishes....Had to start wearing depends when playing. That stuff will scar you. Peacefully looking at a pretty fish it moves away and you see its 100 foot long cousin just behind it coming right for you. This shit is just terrifying.
Thanks for trying to make sense of the great old one. Are your sanity points doing well? x)
Can you please do the movie "life" with ryan reynolds in it! Think youd do an amazing job and would love a deep dive on that movie!
DO BEN 10
I have purchased Moon Pies and see them all the time here in Ohio XD
Earth was derived out of water
I remember seeing this movie in theatres. It was creepy af... Also ringwoodite is a really cool mineral, and has a wide variety of colors it comes in from deep blue to purple to grey or even green. Neat stuff.
I was 3 hour roanoke videos
The thing about being 28, what the fk dude!
"Hurrdurr the supernatural is such a stupid copout."  says the person that believes in religious puritan pseudo-science.
Hey I just wanted to say I like when they're longer
Anyone else think our boy here looks better with a hat?
the alternate ending is so good too
22:32 Ouch moment for a chimpanzee.
I’m pretty sure the director confirmed this was Cthulhu
Dude hates Anglerfish
I'm convinced that Underwater is actually the liveaction adaptation of the manga 6000: Rokusen, which was picked up for a liveaction Hollywood movie adaptation in 2015. The manga is about a deep sea research center which was left to rot after an 'incident', and a new batch of people are sent down to start up the research again. Then a series of strange occurrences, sightings, and murders happen; as well as them finding out that the previous researchers had all gotten stuck down in the depths and reverted to ritualistic cannibalism and gone mad, so that when the company actually sent people down there to clean up (not really rescue) them, they were all shot down and killed cos they rushed the mercenaries. It was then found out that in the depths, basically their primal fears had given rise to an actual Aztec god of darkness to manifest, which started to warp the people in it, the entire structure. And it turns out that the ritualistic sacrifices had a 'good' point, because they were to summon the Aztec god of the sun into the depths to push back the darkness god.  So a bunch of researchers get called into a submarine deep sea research facility, where strange things keep happening and there are things in the water. Then a supernatural element is revealed, where an ancient god(s) are shown to be real and being ritualistically summoned. I believe the Aztec gods were changed out for Cthluhu because he's more well known, but everything else tracks.l
mind f incoming what if all the small ones are male drones and the big cthulu is the queen like ants
How bout the deepsea suit be 14 to 20 ft tall just like Exosquad mech suits.
8:32 they were probably blasted out due to so much water trying to rush in to the void (the pressure difference is likely so great that the air is practically a vacuum to the water) that the area became uber-pressurized shortly after the suit failure, like how water rushes into a gap with such force it creates big splashes, but much, _much_ more aggressive because they’re so far down the ghost leviathans would be getting mad
Drinking game: every time Roanoke says "Anglerfish(s)" take a drink
Move Carnosor ples
It looks like they have eyes, they catch the light in a bunch of scenes.
I tell all the YouTubers I care about that if your videos doesn’t have you physically in it then don’t start. Helps with less bias subscribers
Do demon wind next! 😂
Heh, the true Atlanteans. XD
After watching I am convinced that this movie is just Barotrauma the movie.
So gundam was partially right? We do turn into newtypes in space
I fucking love this movie
You actually see Lovecrafts oen deawing of Cthulhlu in the commanders locker. These guys are straight up deep ones budding off cthulhlu and the company famn well knew its there.
Didn't the director actually admit the larger creature WAS meant to be C'thulu?
Honestly to me the humanoid creatures were more frog like to me then ape...like big humanoid frogs. They had those big gaping mouths and would just try to shove their food in whole, kinda like pacman frogs who seem to basically be just all mouth and will just shove food whole down their throat lol. That and the fact that they seemed to be coming out of the skin of the leviathan, that was similar to a species of frog that houses it's young actually inside holes in it's back. Truly gross honestly and don't google them if you have tryptophobia.
I made my friend watch this movie while he was on acid n he had a panic attack 😂😂
I'd been hoping for a while that you would do this movie! Thank you Roanoke.
"Herd" 2023
Man hates the angler to another level
Something tells me roanoke doesn't like angler fish
What isthe big deal about Kristen Stuart?
Really liked this movie, glad to see a video on it!
the thing didn't have any mindbending properties and an explosion killed it so I think it was just a giant fish boi, not a god
That is a very long title
Your comment about getting those suits to warzones made me think of 40k; where the terminator armour (best save stat) is literally a deep space exploration suit that itself was modified from a deep sea suit
So, Roanoke... when's that Subnautica series coming...?
Ah a fellow Thalassophobia unenjoyer....the ocean is scarier than space and you cant change my mind
The director of this movie said that giant monster at the end was basically supposed to be Cthulhu
I for one am a man of the mountains
you get a like simply for the call out to internet historian ( you would have gotten it anyways but hey haha )
So, Deep Star 6 next? Wonderful video. Thank you for bringing some level of intelligence to the vast wasteland of the internet! Also, the aquatic ape theory is (was ... idk) an alternate theory of human/hominid evolution prior to having an archeological record devoid of hominid missing links. It stated that humans evolved by foraging in tide pools and shallow coastal waters, and that the reason we have hair where we do as well as pruning skin on our hands/feet, was all an adaption to hanging out in shoulder-deep water.
Play Subnautica.
ok now play barotrauma
Really hitting on angler fish
according to the director it is in fact Cthulhu
This video is beautiful
I see your subnautica and raise you one soma
I'm 36 so I think I'm dead
Liked for the almond activating comment, been a while since i heard that meme
I'm uncertain that thwae creatures would have bones at all... Calcium doesn't really calcium at those depths/pressure.... At least, that's my understanding of it.  Additionally oxygen tends to be toxic at those depths..and I'm pretty sure there's NO ascent for these people... Having to stop for something like 300+ hours of pressure stops in order to prevent The bends.
this is just that episode of south park where they release cthulu, but not drilling on the moon this time
OK! Ok, ok...It is so late, my head hurts so bad, but Roanoke trying to pronounce the names on Cthulhu's offspring just from sounding them out in the funniest thing I've ever heard on this channel...
Where did you get the giant squid information? They get way larger than 130 pounds. Scientists estimate that females can get to be around 600 pounds. Don't you just love the deep sea.
I have the same almond activation for Subnatica but my tinnitus instead of happening frequently it is rare but completely random and lasts for around 30secs - 1min
I think it's a natural creature.  One thing to keep in mind with Cthulhu is that part of the terror was the cultic and psychic activity that was taking place during the Great Old One's awakening.  There very clearly was some kind of supernatural event taking place, not just at R'Lyeh, but all over the world.  Here, it's just a giant sea beast.
Just love these vids thanks
So this is potentially more far fetched then the supernatural theories... but what if the leviathan species actually survives through chemosynthesis? Essentially planting itself on a hydrothermal vent to feed from it like a big straw? That would essentially allow it an effectivly infinite source of food/energy. Allowing it to support not only itself... but drones?  Yes I am suggesting this is essentially a deep sea hive mind. The queen is a much larger species which can not only feed from thermal vents, but due to the sheer quantities of neutrients... it can feed not only itself, but also it's drones. What is the purpose of these drones? Self defence, much like a queen bee, despite being huge in comparison to her drones, she is reletivly defencless in the face of anything she can't outright crush from a difference in mass.  It seems that much like many species of wasps, it's method of reproduction is actually parasitic. Which would be a very easy way to do it considering they are at the bottom of the ocean. Corpses of MASSIVE marine life somewhat regularly falls down into the depths, and would function as breeding grounds for dozens to hundreds of drones. Which would explain the "youngling" which was found inside the diver the movie.  As for why it attacked this station? It was probably confused and thought that it was either a huge vent, or it wasen't and saw humanity a competitor speciese hogging a food source. This would also explain why all the drones seem to swarm as soon as the queen signals that something is escaping. While this may be the first time this speciese is dealing with humanity, much like how ant colonies have wars... these leviathans may be wageing wars against eachother long before humanity entered the depths...
6:54 ROBUX LIKE IN THE HIT GAME PLATFORM ROBLOX!!!!!!
Bro with that walking underwater next to the pipe thing, it reminds me of Soma. If you think Subnautica's bad you should check out Soma... Especially the ending part.
It was Lithium. Your silly.
I should not watch your videos at night. It gives me the humid Jesus.
Roanoke must never want to play Soma
brie yapping for 30 minutes😊😊
Nobody is surviving subnautica
I have the unfavorable fear of the unknown lurking in the darkness and the most relevant one. The fear of not being able to see what's in the water or very deep water.  I think my favorite of very deep water or muddy water. Comes from one time my family swim. Lend to like a really dirty pond for some unknown reason and I stabbed my foot into a shard of glass. Luckily I think nothing got in my foot that I know of. And then when me and my man were kayakit seems like there was a very big creature in the Lake that we were in and I was totally freaked out.
Rodrigo knew the helmet would fail, he noticed the crack earlier when passing out helmets and kept it for himself. i guess hoping it would last? IDK
those are valid pronunciations because the author was fine with not having an official pronunciation for his elder gods
Have you also seen Leviathan, DeepStar Six, and Endless Descent (aka 'The Rift')?
Hey Roanoke, you should look at the adaptation and retention of humanity in the evolved humans in dead island 2. I think it is fascinating how they reap all the benefits with absolute minimum drawbacks.
Is Cuthulu in this?
Could you look into Edge of Tomorrow's Mimic? If there is a possible biological explanation for their time-travel ability, I would love to know about it.
Iove that movie omg such an underrated  film
Live the longer videos. Definitely a natural species. Magic things a lot of time are cop outs
Director said at the end it is Cthulhu, so the anthropomorphic tall fish people could be deep ones, (from shadow over innsmouth) land born half breeds and originally human looking creatures that eventually start to look more and more fish like as they age until they go into the ocean and live there changing/adapting more, immortal unless killed. They also breed underwater so the tentacle baby could be a pure blood.
We shall purge the xenoes...anglerfish...
Note: don't try that breathing exercise while driving a fork truck Can confirm it's very disorienting.
Jaws made me terrified of the ocean, Arachnophobia (the movie) made me terrified of spiders (finally getting over that), and Lake Placid made me terrified of large lakes.
Man, why you had that roanoke gaming jumpscare at the beginning of the video
Dang. I want that thing to vore me. I don’t have a fetish or anything I just think it would be really, really cool. Haha
What is it with you and angler fish?😭
Theres a great horror podcast called The Magnus Archives. Anyway, episode one is called "Anglerfish".
The water apes are absolutely parasites on the larger creature, much like the parasite creatures on the Cloverfield monster.
I feel like... You don't like Angler Fish.... I don't blame you, but, just a hunch...
Once more with the 1979 film Prophecy recommendation. No fantasy creatures, just good ol' man made environmental horrors lol
Besides the video being great, I just wanted to say that your sense of humor and the way you deliver it, matched with your voice, is like medicine to the ears. Natural radio voice. Now excuse me as I need to go wash my nose off.
okay the every 5 minute ads are getting ridiculous dude. i can't stand watching that shit.
Am I going crazy? I swear Roanoke already covered this one and the Mars dry zombies already couple months back
According to another contributor, he had actually talked to the production staff. They had told him that the Behemoth actually was Cthulhu and the Tian Oil Company was backed by cultists trying to bring the Old God back (I know "tian"...grown!). Or maybe just a bigger angler fish...;)  I do like your content and how you talk about real biological reasons that situations can develop as they do. Also, I really liked this movie...did you?
So the makers of this film have straight up said that big boy is Chathullu.
Great job, dude! Insta-sub from me!
Anyone else remember that one south park episode where an oil company decided to make a deepwater drilling platform and released Cthulhu in the process?
I actually loved this film! Kirsten was very good in this. 😁
I love having a body builder forced feeding me medical facts
23:36 i think it does say 14 years. The font they use just makes 1's and 4's look very similar
They should've had a cookie shark scene, those things are from hell 😂😂😂
I could have gone a long time without hearing the 28 dying line lol. Come onnnnn longevity science.
These videos slap harder than my step-dad
"You break our toys, we break your species." <--- Love it
For all the bad in this regarding science and deep water physics. Rodrigo imploding turning into an explosion is actually correct. Have you ever seen an old school CRT Monitor or TV tube get punctured by a bullet or a rock. It's a vacuum in it. So it implodes. So the shattering glass and materials get sucked inwards. But they then go through the center of the implosion and back out the other side at velocity. Unless you have a black hole at the center an implosion becomes in effect an explosion as the force goes through the center and back out.
Man i sure Hate Tj Miller. And im Pretty sure the mech scene is from Gears 5 not 4.
Oil abiogenesis is going to become canon in about 20 years.
what movie or game is this for
The larger creature is shown at the end of the movie running away from the explosion
Eh
Ringwoodite was found first in 1879. What are you talking about xD
This is the best way to watch movies
Subnautica!
Bro hates angler fish to the bone, like they are the bane of his existence
Angler Fish.
Suits having flaws reminds me of the "Your equipement was made by the lowest bidder" phrase
Wasn’t expecting a description of how kratos killed Helios.
“You break our toys, we break your species” is the most American thing I’ve ever heard 😂  Like someone looking at a Cthulhu fish monster and saying “hello, welcome to America’s oceans. Let me introduce you to the right to bear arms” 😂😂
The alternate ending was better
I love Moon Pies
What if you look into the fear smelling beast from after earth. I am more interested on how it's able to smell human fear over anything else in the movie 😆
Ringwoodite was found in a mine in 2022, but was being artificial created in 1969. The scary part is with its discovery its believed the earth's core is cooling faster than expected, and earth will become like Mars sooner rather than later.
Lol never changes....black man gets murked 1st smh
Even in the US they know the legendary Baffo da Crema. Porcoddio
I've seen this film twice now and actually sought out a copy to keep. It's got some problems, but I really appreciate the thought that went into it.
Hey, man, love these videos a lot. I just need to say that the leviathan creature isn't just a Cthulhu, but the director of the movie has gone on record as saying that the creature is THE Cthulhu himself, or the director's version of it. Also, in that real quick shot of the locker room (24:01 mark) of the Roebuck, you see Lovecraft's doodle of Cthulhu thumb-tacked to the wall, along with some other non-specific Cosmic Horror stuff.
13:22 Those are the Deep Ones, they who live alongside and worship sleeping Cthulhu.
Dude I fucking love the deep sea. There are so many things we have yet to explore. Which is also why i am terrified of it.
Considering at the end she blew the thing up, I would say natural. An Eldridge god cannot simply be blown up. Great video man. I really enjoy these longer videos. Also you should do 1990's soldier lol.
The director did confirm the final creature is Cthulhu
ok where subnautica at
Okay great video but as an environmental scientist gotta say we have a pretty solid understanding of the atmosphere and what is happening when fossil fuels are burned. This isn't a statement supporting or arguing against it but please don't spread misinformation that "we don't really know how they interact". That's just objectively not true.
Where the HELL is your Mullet Sir? I leave for a little while and the Mullet is gone? Unacceptable sir! I say Sir, I challenge thee to a duel for the honor of the Mullet Nation. I lost my hair and live vicariously through the Mullets of others!!!
She looks like Pete Davidson.
So Subnautica when?
Moon pies are delicious.
Take a shot every time he says anglerfish 🥴
I think the creature in this film is within the Lovecraft mythos.  It looks like a blend of a few things.
Deep sea god or ancient species naaaaaah it’s a mermaid
Man mentions angler fish like they're an actual threat 🤣, You should probably research anglers. Males are SMALL AF, Only female angler's are the big ones which yeah maybe reach 3 ft.
I LOVE Subnautica (1&2)... The ocean is the only thing that both intrigues me and terrifies me an equal amount... In fact, I'm now interested in doing ocean floor repairs for oil rigs, etc... The only thing kind of holding me back is I'm quite stocky 62 inches around Shoulders 34 around waist... and those portholes and spaces look extremely tight for the people I've seen in the Sat/ pressure chamber etc...
I thought it was cthulu before this video. I now believe there was thought put into the design of the creatures that is supposed to make them seem real enough to be extra horrifying
The giant creature we saw is supposed to be Cthulhu I believe.
I don't understand why in these kinds of situations they don't just cram themselves into escape pods, like at the end, the 2 women could have gotten in and survived, just need to set a countdown for the self-destruction.
I was stuck in the mud at almost a 100 feet down in dark water while diving . I did panic for 1 second and adraniline enterd my body . I counted to 10 to calm down and foundout my left hand was free of the mud . So i could inflate my BCD fest and slowly get free . And it worked . I dove gently around so i would not get the Bense and came out of the water . A good dive for sure
Underwater vids kept popping and I never watched the movie, seeing as it's almost universally labeled as horrible and decided to finally watch it when this vid popped and it's not really bad at all. Could have used better direction, definitely, but I think people blew it out of proportion
I usually enjoy all of your work done here but this vid is, for some unknown reason, excellent. have a good day
You know, I could be wrong....... but I'm not sure Roan is much of a fan of Angler Fish... 🤔
I personally prefer the supernatural aspect of stories like this. Not everything can be nor should be entirely explainable. And it doesn't have to be a copout to do so. There's a lot of interesting things that can be discussed about the unknown after all. And, if I recall correctly, the creative leads of this film pretty much stated that this is a modern take on the Cthulhu/cosmic horror mythos.
Hey man. Thanks for the vid. I like your take on it being a real thing and not a supernatural entity. I also liked the info dump about how the brain deals with memories while under stress and full of adrenaline.  Makes certain situations that have happened to me make more sense. People say "How did you deal with that?" Etc. I would just say "You will be surprised with what you can do when the shit hits the fan."
ive never bought a moon pie myself, they just seem to spawn in my cabinets when no one is looking
i've bought moon pies. just sayin  edit: "the whole supernatural element is such a copout! things that exist in real life are way scarier!" oof, always despised this mindset lmao. yeah, no shit something that could actually kill you in real life like, right now is scarier in a more concrete way. but that just isn't how we should view fiction imho. i mean...we already know it's not real regardless of how plausible you think it COULD be. you gotta learn to suspend your disbelief, immerse yourself in the story. otherwise you're gonna find problems with everything. that's not to say we should be accepting of shit like giant obvious plotholes, but discounting an entire subgenre of horror just based on the idea of "well, it couldn't happen in REAL life therefore it has no merit" is ABSOLUTELY not it   anyway. moon pies are still pretty good
Dude, you’re so close to 1 million subscribers. I’m so happy for you. I just wish you would be nicer to angler fish.
Deep-sea gigantism scares me beyond wild like seeing a squid 100 times the size of you is a nope. its just scary af.
9:09 Ok 2 things real quick here. 1 It was said in the movie the suits are powered by ... something I honestly don't remember what doesn't matter. When the suit implodes or is in any way destroyed this canister powering the suit reacts violently causing an explosion. (Or something along those lines it's been years since I saw this movie but I remember that much.) Secondly. The guy absolutely did know the helmet was faulty. He saw it (or at least someone did) Cause he took it willingly to prevent someone else getting it. I think it was that one girl that escaped. She was about to take the faulty helmet. ... Again it's been years. I could be vastly mistaken but im in no hurry to rewatch this thing.
As much as I would like to see you cover the creatures in Subnautica, I understand lol
You should do a video on the vampire infection from the show The Passage
Mjolnir? It looks like the armor in Gears of War!
If I'm remembering correctly didn't they actually release it with the roebuck and the mining drill just woke it back up
I believe the director or the writer said that its a sort of reimagining of C'thullu, if it were a natural creature rather than a supernatural one. Thats why its like, looks wild, but acts still very animal, with only maybe the exception of the Big One
“You break our toys, we break your species” - Roanoke
That line at the ending had me rolling. "You break our toys, we break your species" 😂🤌🏾
Ah, Sweet Child of Kos, Returned to the Ocean. A Bottomless Curse.  A Bottomless Sea. Accepting of all that there is. And can Be.
The supernatural aspect isn't a copout though as this is just a modern retelling of call of Cthulhu. the director even confirmed the leviathan was Cthulhu.
Please keep doing monster movies, it's fun to hear your opinions and monologs
For ever person that doesn’t buy a moon pie I buy 12, life is good
What i didnt like about this movie. She had no fear whatsoever of the monsters or that reality shattering titan of a monster several hundred feet tall and she didnt even budge. Last i checked there is no damn way anyone would hold together to a titan sized creature when whales blow our minds and those are known to us. But you dont see divers going trying to swim with 10 foot squids. Strange right? And thats what we know of
32:44 The problem with the Aquatic Ape theory is that the evolution of primates is relatively new on a time-scale; as opposed to the evolution of whales which took MILLIONS of years to transition from land-dwelling creatures into completely aquatic creatures. There simply hasn't been enough time for the aquatic apes to *look* as they would in the movie, in fact, there hasn't been enough time for ANY ape to become even semi-aquatic in nature.
Dude will fuck with necromorphs, zombies, demons, cryptids and anything in between. Dude will not fuck with the deep sea if has to actually play it.  I wanna see him play it now
"Things that can exist in reality are scarier than the supernatural" that literally doesn't make sense... but who said scientists can't be obtuse 🤣
You really hate angler fish, don't you?
8:34 yeah implosions can expand out after imploding. if youve ever seen the slomoguys video where they shoot guns underwater you can see the air bubble formed going in and out several times before imploding for good.
I see, so it was an Angler fish
Seriously. Moon Pies are a money laundering operation.
Theres no amount of money. No. Im not going down there.
Bro, this is just a thought, but with how many monsters and creatures you’ve morphologically identified, you should make one of your own ! Think of it like D&D and basically create your monster and it’s lore, and you have the relative knowledge to create a whole situation for this very creature to actually exist ! It’d be hella badass but I get that’d be a lot of work so hearing your take on that would also be rad
So, it's been a while since I saw Underwater, but I pretty clearly remember there being a chunk of Easter Eggs that very heavily suggest that the company's just run by cultists deliberately attempting to wake up Cthulu.  That said, I don't think the creatures being eldritch horrors in any way means they don't need to come from somewhere and make some sort of sense in terms of biology.
I think a video on sons of the forest would he really interesting 🙂
Still here as a 1 woman campaign for Deep Blue Sea for the genetically altered smart sharks
Angler Fish
Roanoke im gonna kiss both your knees
Is it rabies
The whole thing about oil coming more from marine and plant life is not about a shifting expertise or anything. It's just about poor communication using dinosaurs as an example which then is just all that anyone latched on to. Whereas in reality the whole time, it's basically just been whatever the most biomass was from his where most of the oil comes from.
My brain: Aquatic apes... hehe water monkeys... NO GASP* SEA MONKEYS!!
moral of the story fuck angler fish
I dunno if you've ever covered it but.. I'd love to see you cover the Kaijus from Pacific Rim
In a pressure implosion (with CRTs), the energy can throw shrapnel in all directions.
ITS ALL A PSYOP, IT WAS THE ANGLER FISH THE WHOLE TIME.
This wouldve been a dope prequel to Cloverfield, seeing how their monster came from the ocean before attacking NY
This man has an unhealthy obsession with angler fish
When did you start showing your face bro. Obviously I’ve been out of the loop for a minute.
Barotrauma experience
Moon pies are so good.
Fav lovecraftian movie
I don't think it was Cthulhu just a natural spices but this is like the real adventures of Jonny quest creatures of the deep
I love that Roanoke reviews crazy movies and games but draws the line at Subnautica. That game is literally one of my favorite games of all time lol,  because i love marine biology and i have crippling fear of everything in the game
Hey Roanoke Gaming, dunno if ur going to see this comment but it would be cool if you were to try to go over the COD Ghosts Cryptid biology and origin. It’s understandable if there is not enough information, not enough time or is just a topic that doesn’t interest your cup of tea but, Would be sick though. Just a recommendation and I don’t know if you’ll ever see this lol
Believe it not there's another being on this planet called nephilim they're mentioned in the Bible and still live to this day just hidden in places where man don't go
It's me.  I like moon pies.
Man, my guy has a vendetta against anglers.
The company managed to cover up Cthulhu, I think most of the safety oversights can be explained by the company deciding it was too expensive to implement and then convincing safety officials to look the other way
ew, did i just learn something???
The director confirmed that this is cthulhu
Somebody dropped the controller.
The creatures literally do have eyes, they swim away when a torch is shined at their face, they look through windows, and you can see the glint of their eyes numerous times
What if the leviathen was like a queen of sorts and the small ones are drones or somthing
I for one have never bought a moon pie but they have made their way into my house. I am scared for my life.
So getting high on mixture at high pressure is also a thing if you're using a nitrogen mixture. The nitrogen is intert at surface pressures but it acts like nitrous oxide at pressure.
*WARNING Leviathan detected, proceed with caution*
Nice halo reference
dude lmao your references in this one are amazing. 'get oceangated' is a new favorite xD
Love the long videos
Dagon/ Mother Hydra and their kin
Roanoke, everyone knows moon pies repel anglers.
Not my place to give unsolicited advice so just throwing this out there. Tinnitus maskers can help enormously. You can just pipe them right to earbuds. They can be found on youtube as well as apps. It might also be helpful to see an audiologist who specializes in tinnitus and ask about inear noise generators and Tinnitus Retraining Therapy.
Crude oil recovers faster than it's used btw!!!
Im not sure I understand what you are saying about Ringwoodite. It was discovered in '69.
Something hit me in a river some years back that felt as heavy as a person. Where it happened the river was about 150ft wide and about twenty feet deep in the center, the Kennebec in Maine. I was standing in about 4ft of water and something almost took my legs out from under me. My brain told me it was either a log or a deceased person floating down river, and I'd really hoped it was the former. Never heard any missing persons bulletins around the time but apparently two weeks later someone fishing just up river caught a sturgeon about 6ft long. 🤯😬 it's not like theyre dangerous or anything but the 'who knows' factor still messes me up
😲The man behind the curtain!!!
I love the moon pie protein powder
Day 1 of recommending The Dark Pictures Anthology: House Of ashes (its a game), i think the monsters have some connections to demons and gods
I get this weird feeling it's just a hunch but I don't think Roanoke likes anglerfish
Movies really vilifying the Naga, smh
Today I learned Roanoke LOVES Angler Fish and wants to deep sea dive with them
please do a video on Venom and Venom 2 movies?
Love the Lore, the lesson you teach about biology, the banter, everything.  Keep it up dude
You should cover bite I'd love to know what's happening to the victim's body in that and why does every person that gets bitten by the same thing happen to their body is it a virus or something else.
This is my favorite movie with Cthulhu in it
anglerfish slander lol
I've actually had that specific brand of Moon Pie before. They're enjoyable.
On this episode of angler fish
Totally unrelated to the video but I can tell Roanoke been in the gym grind
fountains of the deep
Not going to lie, I'm straight up scared Shit less of the ocean. That being said I'm a retired Army Ranger. Oh god here come the comments. But yes, I was a Ranger. I've been a great many places and always been upbeat. Anytime I have to go near open water I get this feeling that maybe in a past life I pissed off Poseidon, and he's waiting to get me in a massed up way, and what better way then to have me eaten alive. What a S way to go. Devoured while your feeling it. Great, here comes the nightmares.
I remember hearing from my geology professor that petroleum comes from algae and phytoplankton because of their high fat content, plus heat and pressure from deposition. Feel free to correct me if I am wrong.
Well theoretically cthulhu is not a 100 percent supernatural but rather a member of one of many species/ races of beeings from outer space "who came to the young world out of the sky", while also being kind of from a place outside of our time or realty. While actions and things about the starspawn of great cthulhu might appear as supernatural to us this just has to do with the fact that humans can not comprehend the very state these beings are in.
Probably a natural species. If they did go the Cthulhu route, wouldn’t everyone be going like insane and descending into madness?
I feel like he has something against angler fish
On the note of the hyperoxia trick you can experience in your chair, we did something similar in school, one of those ways dumb schoolboys use to get high. It was called doing the "space monkey". Basically you'd hyperventilate until you get light-headed and then blow on your thumb as hard as possible. Would absolutely f your s up.
if they were locked in a space underground would the oxygen even replenish itself or would they use up all the Oxygen in that body of Water which could lead them to develop a metabulism that doesn´t need Oxygen so maybe they don´t even need to breath  Also somehow those long thin bones at least to me don´t make much sense because the pressure would easily break them right ? and swimming with those small surfaces would be really exhausting
i get the feeling that you dislike angler fish as well
Where on the doll did the Angler fish touch you? :P
Roanoke shaved ,  whoa
Isn't this monster based on the Ningen? As in the Japanese cryptid that lives in the deep ocean, often has the silhouette of something humanoid (or upper-half humanoid) but is HUGE? Looks like one to me.
Ya have a thing about angler fish Roanoke lol
In a lot of ways, just by being an animal that large the creature has attained a lot of god-like properties: its ancient, its capapbilities are comparable to a force of nature, it has an orde of primates who tied their survival to being close to it. In practical terms, the only difference between the Leviathan creature being just an animal or it being an eldritch god is what it will do next: if it is an animal it would probably find a new place to borrow and humans will only need to learn how to avoid it, but if its a Cthulhu, then it will probably retalliate against humanity. Because if it is just an animal then it probably not very intelligent, with most of its brain being very speciallized into managing its massive body, with little room to things like feelings or consciousness; but if it is a supernatural creature, it may have a mind unbound the limitations of physics and biology, then it could see our extintion as a form of pest control, or even just out of pettiness
See if you play Subnautica and get the prawn suit along with a grapple hook arm you can kinda just be crab with grapple hook. Just a thought.
I never knew Roanoke is such a huge fan of Anglerfish . huh .
By the way an average angler fish is as small as a foot ball
YO INTERNET HISTORIAN PLUG? LETS GOOOOOOO
It's obvious to me why they're so human in shape lol they're HP Lovecraft's Deep One's.
Need an anglerfish shirt now 😂
this was surprisingly good movie and not enough people have seen it :(
Petition for a Roanoke video about moon pies and their indestructibleness
Not a good movie, but those suits remain peak design. What you said about taking them into combat also reminded me, is it just me or do they resemble better versions of marine armor from Starcraft?
These constant Halo references make my day every single time; you’re the greatest, Roanoke. 😄😄
It got me thinking that this could be a “natural” version of cathulu ,like it’s still cathulu but more naturally based and with a tiny bit of supernatural like with the humanoid features fish guys  but not to a huge degree
I don't mean this in a confrontational way, but the last few videos seem to have drifted a lot further from "speculation rooted in science" to "pseudoscience fluff." Like Aquatic Apes, that isn't even a respected theory. It's kind of just one of those ideas the lay populous thinks sounds really cool so they lend it more credence than it deserves.   Also that giant monster was totally a god and I for one welcome our undersea overlords.
I’m here for the angler fish beef
9:07 Rodrigo knew it was faulty. There was literally a scene where he looked at the damaged helmet and gave her the good one. He may have even taken the damaged helmet from her.
Bro I've been subscribed to you since your infamous walk though this is insane I now have a wife and a home and I watched this movie with here
My brother in christ, why the anglerfish?
after watching the movie myself I really don't think the leviathan is Cthulhu but in fact I truly believe it might actually be Dagon
My friends and I watched this in theater and had the whole place to ourselves and when the Cthulhu monster showed itself it was a mixed reaction of “Hell yeah! Cthulhu!”, “😑 fucking Cthulhu. You couldn’t even come up with an original deep sea monster? It’s just fucking Cthulhu.” And just awkwardly laughing trying to process WTAF is going on right now. Then had the one friend have a slight freak out over said Cthulhu and had to walk out. Someone about it just “set off his almonds” as a wise former microbiologist is prone to say.
Roanoke hates angler fishes for 39 minutes
You and your anglerfish haha
i am aquatic ape
If I may ask, what is your beef with the angler fish? The known record of size is 3 feet long-- I'm guessing you're just making a joke.   I'm much more terrified of your mention and casual geographic's video of the giant squids that hunt in packs of 50 to 100s. That is like my childhood nightmare of going on the Disneyland now defunct  20,000 leagues under the sea ride. It's like that ride's giant squid puppet became sentient, cloned itself, then procreated to make more abominations. 😢
Cthulhu just saw the sun for the first and last time.
Bro has a deep hatred for angler fish...
25:20 tried that  It's fun, would recommend
Iirc. Woth the helmet, he had both in his hands and said she should take the one she got. Also, iirc with oceangate, the implosion would reverberate, so I don't think it would throw them out, but shake them up quite a bit.
A movie where they find its brother and it fights Godzilla would be great.
Roanoke: Anglerfish, definitely an anglerfish, it consumed everything, the world, all consumed by an anglerfish... Someone: so you think they were attacked by an anglerfish? Roanoke: no, its obviously some sort of cephalopod with a grudge against them. Someone: then what's with the anglerfish- Roanoke: Did you say anglerfish?! We need to run!!!
Do you fear the angler fish?
Roanoke really doesn't like angler fish.. that's pretty much the insight I've gained
The leviathan could be a Starspawn of Cthulhu, Father Dagon or Mother Hydra, and the humanoids deep-ones. You can tell it's not Cthulhu itself by how they're all not screaming gibbering wrecks yet from it's psychic presence.  Arguably Cthulhu isn't an unnatural/supernatural species, it's an alien species that's just so many orders of magnitude beyond humans.
This mf and angler fish
Oh so this is how oceangate happened
Interesting- i just started playing subnautica and love it. Definitely eerie tho, especially when you go bellow 200 meters 💀
Not to sound like a huge nerd (though I totally am) with lit, there are two mentions of the beings with Cthulhu. One is in the Call of Cthulhu where it is said none may say whether they all looked like Cthulhu or not. The other is in the Mountains of Madness where they are referred to as the 'spawn of Cthulhu'. One refers to them more like cuttlefish and another reference simply as tentacle headed. This to me always gave me the impression that the beings that Cthulhu has with him aren't exactly what he is. Also in The Mound (which was co written) the human like beings underground say Cthulhu brought them here originally and refer to the original people who arrived as star spawn. So when I saw this movie to me there is Cthulhu of course, but I explain the differences in seemingly two different species as him and then those he brought with him, which I would assume would also undergo some sort of change or evolution being under water this whole time. Edit: Its also important that many of the seemingly supernatural Lovecraftian creatures aren't generally viewed as supernatural by Lovecraft, just as different races from different planets and dimensions that are referred to as gods by humans, but not by Lovecraft himself. He drops little references here and there as to why some of them are able to do things seemingly god like. Most of the supernatural god influences came more from other authors in the mythos.
My Dude has personal beef with angler fish
The premise of this movie reminds me a lot of the game narcosis
I know you brush over it every now and again, but as a fellow tinnitus sufferer, i would really love if you could cover tinnitus in a video some day. Maybe "tinnitus in film and tv" (which is usually never portrayed accurately) Or perhaps just about your own experience.
Who else think Roanoke could make a good hfy story?
The director William Eubank has confirmed that the leviathan was in fact Cthulhu and the smaller creatures were deep ones.
awh I was wondering WTAF was that creature form under the sea I haven't seen yet :! But great design, it looks plain 'don't want to fk with' :P
DID YOU KNOW?!? In Poland we have a fish processing food company called Nautica. After playing Subnautica I can't eat a marinated herring without having flashbacks.
You gotta do a playthrough of Subnautica now, stream it though. Your audience will be there for you ^^
These creatures lost all their advantage nature had granted them as soon as those two humans escaped. Now they have joined the war of nature vs technology.
That render photo really makes it look like an elite from halo, without  eyes and the split lips a bit atrophied, but that head structure is damn near identical.   Just neat, and of course all the halo music you use had me thinking about it too.
Also the movie creators confirmed the huge leviathan is Cthulu
Alright everyone time to make them make a video on subnautica
Hey! Geologist here! I’m about to go off about oil and Ringwoodite, basically TLDR:  1. We have known about Ringwoodite since 1969 and in 2014 it was confirmed to be in our mantle but the paper that described this believes the water stored there requires an oceanic source to bank water, not that Ringwoodite generates water.  2. Petroleum oil generally only shows up in geologic settings that are directly related to shallow sea environments/shoreline reefs. That’s how we know it has to come from shallow sea life.    So! The nitty gritty! Ringwoodite was actually originally discovered in 1969 inside the Tenham Meteorite. After its discovery it was theorized to exists in the earth’s mantle and due to its chemical formula and structure it has the capacity to replace parts of its crystal structure with hydroxide Ions, essentially ionized water, keeping them trapped in its crystal lattice. It was believe it could form in the earth’s mantle due to the conditions down there being suitable for its formation (that formation requiring the heat and pressure of say a meteorite impact to form. Kick ass.) but that had not been proven until 2014 when a diamond was found with a Ringwoodite inclusion! The diamond had been fired out of the mantle by volcanic eruptions in Brazil , indicating that ringwoodite exists VERY deep in the earth, but the quantities and how much water it could uptake is still uncertain. The paper that suggests the “1-3 times the amount of water in our oceans” hypothesis also suggests that the water got there from billions of years of plate tectonics, with oceanic plates subducting into the earth dragging hydroxide ions deep into the earth to supply the environment with the material to substitute them into Ringwoodite! Basically, it is thought that water was stored there from our seas, not necessarily that it has always been there. It’s a reservoir of water, not necessarily a source that existed before our oceans. It is part of the water cycle though, and during volcanic eruptions that water is jettisoned back into the atmosphere sort of “exhaling” back out that water into the skies. The earth breaths, and it does so VIOLENTLY.   Also, the oil thing? Simple. Most oil is found in transgressive and regressive series of sandstone, limestone, and shale. These series are almost textbook shoreline environments with the sandstone being analogous to the beach, limestone being analogous to near shoreline coral reefs, and shales being analogous to deeper water muds. As shore lines move backwards when the sea levels rise the series also “moves” backwards, burring the corals in mud (read shale) and burring the old shoreline in corals (read limestone). When the sea levels fall so too does the series with those corals being covered in sand (sandstone) and those old muds (shale) being grown over by corals (limestone). In the geologic record you can actually see this process going back and forth over and over again in outcrops it is very cool and directly analogous to the formation and retreat of shallow seas on continental crusts or of shoreline growth and retreat on out beaches in the modern day.   But how does that prove oil is formed from sea life? Well petroleum is mainly found in these series, is highly carbon rich (in an environment that without life is fairly carbon bare), and tends to be trapped between the limestone and shale segments, basically the segments where life flourishes and actually makes up the rock itself (limestone) and where life gets buried in a low energy environment (shales).   Hope this clears a few things up!
The longer I exist the more I think the statements "A Creator Exists." and "Ain't No Way Bruh!" are true.
I love moon pies
Fear of the sea is known by another name, common sense.
Something tells me Roanoke loaned an angler fish money and never got paid back or something
Capt scatino is a giga virgin
a lot of these horror "creature" can't even stand a chance against real life animal lol they would be gutted by Tiger or Bear in a heartbeat.
Subnautica would be awesome for this series however I get not wanting to do it. I played through it and my anxiety shot through the roof. Even thinking of it now gives me a shiver down my spine. Good game though
Dude… how can you say we don’t have a clue about burning fossil fuels? We have suspected for 200 years what it does and known well for 100, for 50 we have known for sure.
“What’s the movie name???”  please close the app and go back to bed💀💀💀
Interesting evolutionary concept of an underwater morlock species, but the most questionable aspect is their sight or perception within the narrow areas of the human structures to navigate easily. Given the size estimates the larger creatures should have had a harder time moving both upright and swimming in the human structures as well.
Man, i realized i had Thalassophobia while playing games. I saw the sunken ship in vice city and before that i didnt had any problem with water and mostly ignored it but after seeing that ship my life changed. In any game or even in real life is the water is not too deep i can stay in there but as i go further i freak out. I am playing ark now and cant even get to the ocean without freaking out and when he said about subnautica i felt it man my friends also said that thing to me last week. 😂
As much as I love Cthulhu and its ilk (as a horror story), I do prefer the idea that the creatures in this movie are natural in origin, especially with such a fascinating potential explanation for how they came to be.
Its Cthulu, the data rector confirmed it... Still enjoyed the video though 😂
Can you look at Stranger Things Demogorgon
Why does he just hate on the anglerfish the whole video, what is his Vendetta
Too many ads man
Look at Rain World Slugcat
I always learn something from these videos, like how much force is needed to decapitate a resisting _and_ passive human being. Awesome video Roanoke!  Also, when I watched this movie and the Deep One bit someone's entire body off, the mood was ruined when my friend said "Tony Robbins hungry!" and we all cracked up.
Lol fuck going down with the ship I guess being a Chad is the new stupid
LOVE THE WORK MAN....... KEEP IT UP
This movie is barotrauma the movie no joke
"oceangated" Kek
Look at Stray Zurks
Look at Subnautica Reaper Leviathan Edit 7:22 okay I’ll stop asking
I watched the first 20, 25 minutes of this film. I had to turn it off coz it was boring me to tears. Maybe I should skip to the bit where they encounter the enemy... maybe.
I'm sorry papa Roanoke, this time Cthulhu > scientific explanation 🤣
I like these monster ones just as much as the disease ones.
subnatica
Apparantly this movie has a cameo of Gunner Wright, aka our favorite engineer, Isaac Clarke.
happiest moment ever finally hearing someone mention fawn, I have a fawn response and its so nice that someone finally mentioned it. Many forget there are 3 responses
new saw trap ideas from this one .
Fwi there is subterranean bodies of water. Pockets of prehistoric oceans and seas are where the oil formations are. We test the water for its salinity to tell all sorts of stuff about the formation. Now are these pockets of water like a massive bubble underground? Not quite from what we know so far, but there could be somewhere, and who knows what all lives in the sea's under the ice of Antarctica
I'm pretty sure moon pies are a viable business, mostly because of ppl in east TN and sw VA
I was going through a lovecraft Cthulhu phase and this movie came out, my dad surprised me and took me out of school to see this. Literally one of the best days I've ever had, I even got a gundam model on that day!
The baby squid looks like a Fiji mermaid
Love moon pies...
8:34  with my my very limited knowledge on implosions i do think it kind of makes sense that there's an outwards shockwave since during the implosion everything is shoved in to the "middle" there has got to be some stored energy right?  (edit) with some google magic i bring thee this: "A deep-sea pressure hull implodes when the water pressure exceeds the ultimate strength of the hull. This implosion causes the conversion of hydrostatic pressure into fluid kinetic energy, which results in the generation of a shock wave that damages surrounding structures."
That neck pull kill was brutal.
Now I’m not sure what those creatures might be, but after this video, I know at least that I’m glad they’re not anglerfish!
Stop blame if the tiny little anglerfish. They can’t hurt you. They’re so small!!!!
speaking of subnautica! AWESOME MUSIC!
I was almost pulled from the beach by a cascade of waves as a kid with no family around so yeah I definitely share your awful awful ocean hatred. Still love lakes though.
"By the way, at 28 your body starts dying."  Me, turning 28 in a few days: 'looks at arm with sad, existential horror'
it actually wouldn't make sense for these creatures to be able to kill off all 22 pods.  Being a deep sea species, cardio is no bueno. Straight up only bursts of speed and then floating around all week. challenger depth food is literally scarce as scarce can be. Not only that but escape pods probably function like an ejection of sorts. It also has buoyancy, ever tried to push those floating swimming assist boards down? yeah that shit is hard, there's just no way all 22 pods would meet their end because none of these creatures are built like that, nothing about their body mechanics screams speed especially when they have sapien like qualities.   Plus if any deep sea creatures aside from whales go up too fast they just get discombobulated.
I have a feeling you kind of hate angler fishes...but im not sure
Fun fact; One of these actors is Hud from Cloverfield! Love that guy! 😊.
Why a 2 Species theory? Why not just Male and Female variants?
17:33 Nooo not MATH!!
Isn't there a kind of people that live upon stilt houses in the water that spend like 70% of their time in the sea hunting. And they are slowly getting a sort of webbed hand & feet, and are able to hold their breath for an extremely long time? 🤔
"The whole supernatural aspect is such a copout; things that can exist in reality are way scarier" -- agreed.
I thoroughly enjoy this movie, but your perspective, that of natural scientific explanation, is very compelling!  But I love the Old Ones angle, so for me that's canon.  Also, I know Stewart gets shit for Twilight, but I think she's hreat in this. She conveys the near panic if the situation (speaking and hands trembling) while also making an engineer's approach to problem-solving believable.
4:08 You just can’t escape Em
Can you cover the movie called the void? Hp lovecraftian horror movie.
I'm going with that being Mother Hydra and the deep ones.
Oceangate tier suits
*Me while I watch movies like this:* haha, unknown eldritch monster movie is fun  *Me once I’ve finished watching:* literally what you do, analyse and pick the plot and supposed realism apart until I get to a scientific conclusion I’m happy with
Thanks, I’m never going swimming again.
Little gaming fiction, mixed with our own world $cience fiction is kinda cute.
That effect you described is not due to  hyperoxia... its due to hypocapnia.  It is  extremely difficult to  induce hyperoxia at sea level under normal conditions,  maybe impossible.
MATH!!!
Cthulhu and the Deep Ones.
Don't stop Roanoke, I love these videos and your theoretical rants
Just watch some of Casual Geographic's videos about ocean life, and you'll understand why some people are afraid of the ocean.
The name of that mineral sounds like something you get by walking around a locker room barefoot.
wait, Robux station? Hold up... Roblox deep mining operations using player used mechs?.... Sorry, I had to do this stupid joke.
"you break our toys, we break your species" yeah, that's humanity in a nutshell Roanoke. and its also a damn banger quote XD
I can’t believe you forgot about Cthulhu’s 5th offspring… Anglerfish.
I buy Moon Pie's by the Pallet Roanoke trust me there doing fantastic
i love the disease eps but i love these speculative anatomy episodes even more
Yo, since you won’t do Subnatica could you do SOMA please? 🤭
MATH 🤯😵‍💫😵
Everyone: The hells up with the sea monsters in this movie?  Me: How the fuck is there a spider down at the bottom of the ocean?! 🤨
DAMN.. I thought you would look more NERDIER
Now it is very subtle but I think I am detecting some prejudice towards one angler the fish 😂. As this is heavily inspired by the Cthulhu mythos the smaller creatures are meant to be deep ones, sort of fish-human hybrid and the leviathan at the end is most likely inspired by Hydra, mother of the deep ones.
Sounds hot
I used to think that Angler Fish were relatively small turns out that is not the case
"Anglerfishes"
Humans see something they want, ancient species protect... Negotiation failed with toys and human employers killed by that said ancient species... A new seafood restaurant opens with exotic meat from the deep ocean, to compensate for the lost of employers and toys.
Cthulu!!!
Literally just watched this movie 2 days ago and the first thing I said (besides from how garbage it was lol) was Roanoke needs to do a video on this!😂 ... an you did lol
8:26 😳 "OCEANGATED?"  🤯😄😅😂🤣😆
The suit implosion would indeed lead to a shock wave, which can be observed in single bubble experiments where a single bubble is initialized at a lower pressure than the ambient pressure. The result, as you would expect, is a very violent implosion that lasts for a fraction of a second. As all the liquid flows into the space previously occupied by the bubble or, in the case of the film, the suit, the "walls" of water collide and create a very powerful shock wave. It's a very interesting effect that is quite well documented in research papers if you want to learn more about it :)
first ARGH! not just math.. but math with POUNDS! the measure used by only 2 nations on the whole globe as far i know XD and ye natural species way more scary and potential for depth of biology ,abilities , intellect not to mention associated eco system  though , the corp returning there.. considering the hardware needed to be able to stop one of those leviathans or its swarms of symbiotic herds from interrupting or destroying infrastructure agen it makes me visualize like scifi styled hybrids of battleships/carriers to deal with the potential swarming and carry hardware efficient to make warning shoots and if that not has effects , be able to vaporize enough of the titan creature that its dead body wont destroy months of infrastructure just by falling on it if killed ,presuming its a one sided fight to begin with.    and yep at those depths.. it sounds like you more or lees have to ignore the 'civilian' down grading of hardware as not just do you have to be a borderline tank at depths like the trench to withstand the pressure ,but also since even the smallest leak is near instant death.. well ,you gota want some extra armour to soak up potential fluke rocks , working equipment etc that may hit you un expectingly , and thats not even considering an curious or ....starved.. gigantism creature spotting you as your working..  sort of cant help think the same for space to , anything outside of low orbit be it deep space , astroids , other planets would demand some serious armour upgrading for the space suits not to bleed manpower at an costly rate ,not to mention expensive fixing of the atmospheric & thermal sealing parts of the suit hmm
The captain's locker included some maps with some sort of demonic/magic symbols drawn over them, as if he was using those symbols to locate something.  That's why I think this isn't just an unknown lifeform, but actually Cthulu.  I think the captain and/or the company went down there specifically to find the city of R'lyeh, and managed to drill their way in and awaken Cthulu.
featherless? bipedal?  this is a man
Did the thing at like 25:17 and my nose felt like it was burning XD maybe the cold air just saying oh hell no to that attempt lol
Lol the Leviathan looks like Cthulu xD
I never got the idea of calling the aquatic creatures "cthulhu people" when Dagon is RIGHT THERE
Internet Historian jumpscare
"You break our toys, we break your species." I like how much this applies to humanity.
Leviathan is an adult. Cthulhu youngling is Leviathan Joey jelly bean. Aquatic apes are Leviathan asexual soldiers and workers.
The Moonpie Mystery.
since the movie is about cthulu and there is hints that there is a cult dedicated to cthulu and knowing the mythos that deep ones, the creatures associated with cthulu, dagon and mother hydra, are the unholy offspring of human women and the original deep ones, it makes sense they have humanoid features because they have human origins. They start their life as humans and eventually metamorph into fish folk and return to the sea to be with the elder beings and other deep ones and you can bet your ass that the cult of cthulu is sending people down there to be given to cthulu.
i for 1 think its ah toy
Rodrigo actually (☝️🤓 ) did know the helmet was faulty. In the suit up scene he offeres to swap helmets with the main character.  And I think the implosion of the suit wasn't pressure being released, but instead the fuel cell being compromised.
this video was suprisingly nice to watch ty
So uhhh, Subnautica when?
did you just say the colossal squid is the size of a rottweiler? what fuckin rottweiler dogs have you been around cos that would be a HUGE dog.
Cthulhu youngling looks like a joey at the jelly bean stage.  Maybe they're marsupials.  Possibly monotremes
My rule of thumb for whether a movie monster is supernatural is usually  "does it do anything supernatural?". This leviathan didn't like, reach inter her mind, or shoot lightning, or warp the fabric of space/time, so I'm gonna stick to it being a natural, if mutated, being.
Not used to seeing you without your hat!! 😮 I was wondering when you would finally cover this movie 😃 I don't understand why everyone feels fear in Subnautica, for whatever reason it just fills me with a sense of wonder and awe
The most realistic part of this movie is Kristen Stewart's inability to smile.
I don't know what I fear more, heights or depths
They definitely were going for the eldritch side of things but I prefer the scientific version more 😂
yow this is the first time i saw your face
Why no angler fish in movie
As to Rodrego I you do see him look at the helmets and specifically give her the good one, she had saved his life, so he paid it forward and gambled.  Just rolled snake-eyes.  As to the boom when he crushes, I always assumed it was the air/air scrubbers exploding, maybe a power system?  Could be using something pretty volatile to power those things.
If subnautica is to hard, then try Endless Ocean. In the first game nothing can hurt, literally nothing no matter how fast you would been eaten and it is basically a collecting game . So you just dive in all map parts and talk to fish, feed them and write with a water pen giant dicks as a marker
15:31 I finally had the chance to meet a moonpie consumer. I worked for someone who does a lot of coastal  southern events ranging from Kayaking Excursions to Weddings. They bought tons of Moon pies as a snack for the participants of each event.  They very well may be keeping the MoonPie snack industry alive.
20:18 GOOD GOD JUST THE DOGS ON THIS THING IS ENOUGH TO MAKE ME INSTINCTUALLY SHED TEARS. I AM FUCKING FAINT
Re: Rodrigo, IIRC there's a moment when they're suiting up where he's looking at two helmets with a slightly concerned look on his face before handing one to Nora.  I think she asked him what's up and he waved it off.  Could be misremembering, been a minute since I've watched it.
The Great Old One's language is unknown to us there for it can be pronounced in many ways. C't'hulhu or C'th'ulhu. Both correct.
Underrated film ^_^  Love the Lovecraft influences.
I love and hate the creature design here... It's too human in a bad way. It shouldn't be bipedal, I'm good with the arms, those are great. But it shouldn't have legs and the design over all suffers for it...
12:01 Roanoke chuckles at his own script…  Which made me chuckle.
Damn looking good, king!  Also those are obviously deep ones and the big one is Dagon 🤣 jk I don't know if they actually are lol But the deep ones aren't super natural, they are just an old advanced species on earth who build deep sea civilizations and Dagon is just a huge one they worship or is incharge (it's not incredibly clear on that). But what is known is the deep ones also worship Cthulhu.   Cthulhu isnt completely supernatural, just using things in nature that we don't yet understand or maybe just can't understand.   Our planet was seeded and life was engineered to suit the Elder things, the first race on earth. Cthulhu came later and actually fought the Elder things
I agree with the aquatic ape theory. However, the smaller monsters in this movie give me the impression of a much, much more terrifying take on Atlanteans due to how monstrously... human they look. If a human species evolved to live in the deep sea like cetaeceans and changed much more drastically.  However... I just can't ignore all the Cthulhu imagery here, even if not supernatural.
27:10 feels like a personal attack
WTF HAPPENED TO YOUR HAIR
Didn’t the suit have like a power cell or something that exploded from the implosion?  I swear they mention something like that before suiting up
A blue whale far exceeds it's size, easily.
For me, it was going to Nags Head NC when I was 7. I got caught in an undertow and pulled out like 50 yards, I spent the next 50 yards knowing Jaws was coming for me lol
Okay, no.  The opening spiel is peak pseudo-intellectual South Park bullshit from people who think they know a lot more than they actually do.  I think what you mean is they're complete mysteries *to you.*  The reality is that the ocean is better explored than you think it is, we KNOW what burning massive amounts of fossil fuels does to the atmosphere, and science doesn't give a flying fuck about your politics *regardless* of what your politics are.  Oh and learn what the word "theory" means.  So tired of people with large audiences spouting nonsense about things they're not remotely qualified to opine on.
Which means we'd have to have drills large enough and big enough around in diameter for them to be released
personally I think water is created INSIDE our planet and it seeps up and out
I think he's terrified by angler fish.
The creatures are the Deep Ones of Lovecraft lore, and the big thing is EITHER The Great Old One Cthulhu, OR its Dagon, which is a mega old Deep One that never stopped growing and is pretty much the same size as Cthulhu, just doesn't have Cthulhu's powers or otherness that allows the Great Old one to tank a Steamship to the chest and get popped like a soap bubble and displaced into one of the other realms the Mythos gods live in when the stars aren't right on Earth.  One thing in favor of the thing being Dagon, is that Dagon isn't supernatural. At least not the way Cthulhu is. The Deep Ones WORSHIP Cthulhu and his ilk. They aren't related. Or at least, not in terms of their being a lineage that has offspring that ends in the Deep Ones. The Deep Ones are a fish like species that evolved before man did, in the Mythos, and due to alien diety meddling, they can crossbreed with humans, but the result will ALLWAYS breed true to the Deep Ones, in that eventually the crossbreeds will lose human features and gain aquatic features and traits. And Deep Ones DON'T die of old age, and slowly get bigger and bigger. What do they die from? Violence. And pissing off Dagon and getting ripped to shreds as a result of pissing of Dagon.
They have eyes. In certain scenes they glow in the dark
Lol You've never met larry the cable guy
The character's suits reminds me of gears of War armor.
Thalasaphobia is a hell of a thing.
I doubt the suits have high tensile strength if you wanna build something for extreme deep sea exploration you would wand a suit that has extremely high compression strength think of it like concrete vs carbon fiber. Concrete is ridiculous at resisting compression however its absolute garbage at resisting being pulled apart. Carbon fiber is ridiculous for tensile strength but compresses easily or more accurately is more malleable. if you want a good deep sea suit you would go with interlocking solid metal pieces with O ring articulation points.
Please stop trying to act like you know something about medical knowledge. You are really hurting yourself. And you're really hurting your channel. Just because you don't know s***Everything you have is like tabloid knowledge. Not based on science fact.
Man you're dumb all i'm gonna say round is a thing.
Need more hate for angler fish
the director did say its Cthulhu himself.
Thanks! Now I don't want to play Subnautica anymore.
I love that "Ocean Gated" is now a term.
My theory on why they got blown out from Rodriguez's implosion is simple. He imploded and at the depth they were at the oxygen in his suit compressed so rapidly the pressure build up generated so much heat that it ignited the oxygen and it exploded similar to a cavitation bubble cause by a mantis shrimp punching something so fast and hard it clears the water around the impact then the collapsing water pressure ignites forming light and a secondary explosion at the impact point.
Why was this not released on Halloween? This is horror math!
I only have one minor "phobia" and its the deep sea. Subnautica also give me cro ic anxiety more then any horror game. Granted I dont feel like its a  phobia and more of a rational fear but hey it is what is. Im not uncontrollably terrified of it but at the same time im good fuck that. Also, the internet historian shout out was legit. The moment you mentioned that captain my brain went right to internet historian
Ok you if had to chose would pick the ocean or a cave. I pick cave, because i am deeply afraid of ocean creatures.
I could swear the background music of this video is the subnautica soundtrack
It’s been awhile, but I faintly recall people involved in the films creation saying that it was in fact some spooky stuff and not a totally explainable regular animal. Like the entire film is a direct result of the Cthulhu mythos, with the little monsters being Deep Ones. And I am unsure but I believe that the dig site is supposed to be R’lyeh.   But why can’t it be both?  What’s with this, “It can only be horrible eldritch abominations OR scientifically explainable living organisms” NONSENSE!?  I mean, there’s absolutely no reason it can’t be both. Spooky monster minor eldritch deity, trapped beneath the sea, potentially by more powerful eldritch deities (they RARELY get along) can absolutely be both explainable biologically AND supernatural.
The banana flavored moonpies are the best. Microwave for 10 seconds and enjoy
This was a great video for my commute to work, so I'm totally in favor of longer vids if that's something you want to do.  As to the idea that these things are somehow descended from aquatic living primates... I mean...how would they regain the ability to breathe water? Am I missing something? Because whales, seals, and other aquatic mammals have never been able to regain gills and they're way more adapted to life in the water. 🤔  So I'm absolutely in favor of this being more supernatural (or alien technology). But it's an interesting idea nonetheless.
Ok, so I used to work oilfield here in Alaska. We were stuck down hole and were told to basically sit and wait. My buddy and I got to sit in our work truck and we watched this movie it had just came out to rent online and I loved it.   Also I really appreciate you breaking down and explaining all these different creatures, monsters, diseases, etc etc. it’s awesome to recap a movie and here a scientific explanation. Thank you and I and my old crew appreciate you here in Alaska.
26:34 when they talk about feeling high depending on their equipment and the gas mix they could also be suffering from narcosis. Nitrogen can do some funny things under immense pressure
I love how you kept saying it was probably an anglerfish in the beginning, mankind’s worst underwater enemy, the anglerfish
Either the director or someone just as important did actually confirm that the leviathan is cthulhu, or at least some version of him lol
I dont think its Cthulhu considering Cthulhu is supposed to have massive wings. And is supposed to be a space faring alien deity.... So yeah, behemoth sized regular creature fits better.
great vid!!!!!
tea
Wait what? The giant squid and colossal go up to what like 25 feets? 3.3v
I really love the aesthetics in the under-ocean facility. Very reminiscent of the Nostromo from Alien.
Your nerdy science would fit in over on Nebula TV. Thanks for the video, only found your channel recently but loving your content.
Hatless papa Roanoke!?
The director flat-out states that this creature was meant to be Cthulhu. You can confirm it yourself. Search for "Mr H William Eubanks Underwater Ending Explained."   Lovecraft wrote his monsters as ancient aliens so weird and powerful that we simply could not understand them. Us stupid apes saw them as gods, and worshipped them as such.  Later authors embraced the fantasy/magic idea.
Similar in a videogame however different in plot is 'SOMA' but it is like 'Subnautica' but horror AI. ;) Deep sea adventures are so scary good.
I will not tolerate moon pie slander
i'm loving the longer videos.awesome stuff, like always. can't wait for the next vid
I love this movie kinda scared me to go back in the water but I got over it but I saw a different with another guy and he had an interview with the director and asked him if it’s cuthulu the director responded with yes that’s their version of him I forgot the who the YouTuber was but you can search it up and if you do you’ll hear that the director says yes it is him
Aboleths
Sooo how do you feel about Angler fish Roanoke?
im crying lmao im a lil turnt but "angler fish..." hahahah fuckj
omg love internet historian was so surprised when mention him
Gotta be that dang Anglerfish Always the dang Anglerfish
He called Cthulhu a fish
Probably so a freaked out person doesnt open it in a panic
I likened it to a deep-sea cthulhu ant. The baby would eventually grow up to be a cthulhu and the males are the humanoids.
Sounds like a grouper bumped against your leg.
vore  That is all
Roanoke...if water rustles ur jimmies, it's tentacles for me
“You break our toys, we break your species”
oh my god i need a giant squid warning i almost fell off my chair
wait... who the heck are you?!
I think she was experiencing nitrogen narcosis, not hyperoxia. Divers say that it makes you feel drunk, can be really dangerous.
Don't you dare bismurch the awesomeness of the moonpie, but only the banana ones, do or say what you want about those other loser flavors, but the banana moonpie is a great thing, especially if you put them in the microwave for a few seconds 🤤
monsters that can occur in nature are scary because you know its possible to meet one. Monsters that don't occur in nature are scary because if you meet one then you're playing by its rules, and those rules might say that fast-moving lead doesn't work on it
On this episode of roanoke chadsplains to his captive audience, he demolishes all angler fish; absolutely ridicules them. As well as demonstrating how to tear off someone's head.
I find it so reassuring to encounter someone who finds the ocean, especially the deep ocean, as mind-blowingly terrifying as I do.
The last last thing humanity needs is an endangered space with a precious resource and endangered animaled
The director has stated that the creature at the end us Cthulhu. But it looks like they tried to approach him and his Deep Ones with a workable biology in mind.
So is it the angler fish or the squid that gets over 100 lb?
What if the suits are purely built for short term exposure, therefore only requiring the basics
Chemo-Electric Anxiety Meat is a good band name.
This video is nice and I like it, but I am tired of hearing him say colossal squid when he is talking about the giant squid; there is a difference; the giant squid is the longest squid while the colossal squid is the biggest squid.
The director of the movie said the beast at the end of the movie was Cthulu.
HA! Cthulhu got ganked by a homemade nuke. Whoever said you can’t kill gods clearly never experienced modern technology
I think 90% of the reason this movie exists is play with the suits.
I just use your channel to get good movies to watch
The anglerfish are coming..
Oceangated xD BTW the larger creature was confirmed to be cthulhu and the other beings are deep ones  a sea borne species
What about father Dagon?
I know that it's supposed to be Cthulhu but I honestly think the leviathan is actually Dagon, in the mythology Dagon is a lesser alien that came to earth. Dagon is the 'father' of the Deep Ones and rules over them in an abyssal kingdom of sorts, these Deep Ones are humanoid deep sea creatures capable of interbreeding with humans. In return for Dagon giving coastal humans riches/security they will willingly interbreed with Deep Ones to produce more and likely to give them more genetic stock/diversity. So it even ties into the aquatic ape theory you have going as Dagon is known to form a relationship with humans, Innsmouth is an entire town built around breeding and producing Deep Ones in return for gold.  Heck, maybe the company is trying to work with Dagon and they just fucked up.  In the story the Deep Ones get HUGE, at least one of which is the size of a whale and it's explicitly mentioned that Dagon looks similar to the Deep Ones just at a far larger and more alien scale.   It makes more sense to me that this is Dagon and his underwater spawn rather than Cthulhu...
Commercial Diver here. These types of suits technically exist, but nowhere near this compact and streamlined. And for that visor? If it had any damage, as soon as that door opened, it wouldn’t have cracked slowly. The visor (and only the visor) would cave in at the nanosecond of time scale. Still dead though.
Of course they give the black guy the broken helmet lol. Poor dude.
1:20 easily, how far down is the oil compared to Dinosaur bones. It's not uniform over the entire Earth but it's a pretty reliable way to tell.  Dino's came after the things that became oil, and its not just marine plants its pretty much every plant that existed in the premium era. Oil is a by product of the greatest mass extinction event in Earths history. 90% of ALL life on Earth. Edit: Obvious but I should probably mention of that of that 10% that survived, it's everything that's ever been since. Including the things that evolved into the things that evolved into the things that evolved into US.
Ah yeah Tinnitus,  mine courtesy of the Army 😂
Whoot whoot
Petition for roanoke to do videos on Deepstar Six and Leviathan (The thing, but under water :D)  Edit: so, what's the possibility of this being a case of extreme sexual dimorphism, rather than just two separate (maybe symbiotic) species?
Team Cthulhu
Did the captain say his daughter died at 14 or that she was 14? Because he could consider her to be that age if so. As in she died 3 years past.
I actually wonder if the idea of a being so alien that it could hurt the mental facilities of a being seeing it could work scientifically.
males and females as opposed to different species?
Bro it's not "ka-too-loo" it's "kuh-thoo-loo"  That pronunciation was like nails on a chalkboard for me
I'd say the leviathan is more like Dagon, with the smaller creatures being deep ones, not star spawn. When Cthulhu wakes, the world is officially fucked and no one is gonna survive.
This is really cute
As someone who has serious fear of the ocean and is a massive fan of subnautica, i can relate to these messages
Father Roanoke I have a confession. Once every Monday I go to the local dollar tree and buy 5 boxes of moon pies containing 6 moon pies each. I buy two vanilla, two chocolate, and one banana. Please help me.
She's still not capable of any facial expression, or indicating emotion.
Wonderful coverage as usual 👏  i defo agree that a natural explanation is superior
Is your username based off of the first english colony in america, "Roanoake"?
I thought  cthulhu and his minions are creepy/adorable I have a thing for cosmic horror monster that are terrifyingly cute.
I can’t tell if he’s mispronouncing Cthulhu on purpose or not.
Stuff like this is why I never help my buddies in the oceans in Ark. To hell with Subnautica.
I hate the ocean
Never ask a woman her age Never ask a man his salary & Never trust an angler fish
Did you notice the Cthulhu drawings in the captains locker? There's also a pentagram, hinting the captain may have been involved in the cult of Cthulhu.  Also the drawing was a sketch made by Lovecraft himself.
I am starting to think you just might not like angler fish...
and the curse of the black guy dying early continues
Can you show us on this doll where the angler fish hurt you? Cuz you got some serious angler fish issues
I keep telling myself not to watch these videos while I eat but I never learn.
you probably already know by now but you should watch the captains locker scene again more closely its really cool the details they hid there
Anyone else think the Soma biology should be explored?
You took my Discord request and did Underwater! HUZZAH! THANK YOU! Another fun fact... the lack of an oil rig is part of the plot. It is all a façade. The company discovered something else down below and were using oil as a cover.
I would posit that just because the leviathan was acknowledged to be "Cthulhu", does not expressly deny that it could be a heretofore unknown species dwelling in the depths where no man should tread.
The MoonPie thing is true, its a nice once a year treat
I don't think the captain misremembered the age, I think it may have been 3 years since she had died
Moonpies are good. But SPONCH is better.
Oh, how I wish you'd just stick to the topic, your tangents are cringe.
Its hinted that Rodrigo did know the helmet was damaged while he was setting up Kirstin Stewart's suit/helmet and that he gave her the better one in case it failed because he's a true chad and he knew that she wouldn't leave without him otherwise
I really enjoy monster movies like this and I remember calling the ending when I saw the trailer... and... being that the ending happens in 5 minutes, I was shocked to see I was right.
ok dude no lets not open that case. leave that cork plugged in this vintage mineral water. your a scientist say something for my sake please
Water seeped up from the ground? That sounds biblical 😮
Deep Sea Shangheli, Arbiter of the Oceans
They found a rock that holds water??! Wtf that’s crazy and I never would have thought that was possible
I don't think Roanoke likes anglerfish
They're the star children
I was like who the hell is this guy but then I recognized that godly voice as Roanoke 😂
Oh God I need to see you playing Subnautica, or just talking about it. Sounds like a great time
ANGLER FISH!!!!
VORE
Same here for subnautica bro I ok watching it but when I play is my mind goes what if I was in something like this 😅😂 I be like surface lover for me man
My guy, by chance, do you hate angler fish?
I think a video going over some of the species from Starfield, like the terrormorphs and heatleeches, and maybe some of the other various aliens would be cool.
Man, where are the Jaegers when you need them?
I love moon pies i buy 2 boxes of them 😂😂😂
On the note of the implosion causing everyone to get pushed away; that's actually possible if the internal air tanks ruptured from the sudden implosion, causing them to then explode because of it.
Yeah just so you know I want you to watch the documentary the effects of water pressure I believe it wouldn't do that sort of thing but then again the suit was pressurized with are so it probably has a little bit of an outburst of are escaping
Well intern would imply a temporary training position. Emily would not be
Humboldt Squids have an average weight of 110 lbs.   Colossal squids are WAY bigger than that.  Also humboldt squids are pack hunters with packs sometimes consisting of tens of thousands of members...
If religions based around Cthulhu existed in the canon of the movie than it is Cthulhu and also a “normal” animal probably some ancient relative of this species washed up on shore because of techtonic activity including the aquatic apes suddenly and violently exposed to a hazardous (for them) pressure level
WHERE DID THE BEARD GO, MAN???
Is that Kirsten Stewart? That's...what...what is she doing in this movie? That feels weird
so the director confirmed its Cthulhu
Bro has beef with angler fish
Asking for Bene Gesserit
That fun fact was not fun thanks 🤣
the captain knew his daughter’s age she was killed at 12 but would have turned 14 by then, she was killed by the company to keep him silent.  the captain was there when the monsters attacked the 1st drill but the company covered it up and pretty much built a new drill and made him go back down to captain it. the guilt plus his book and the paints in dive room prove people knew about the monsters
We hear your "no" and i regret to inform you but we solemnly decline it, we expect a subnautica video in a perfectly reasonable 13 hours, failure to meet this quota will subtract 300 social credit from your balance, thank you and have a nice day.
Unfortunately, we know Cthulu lives, since this movie plays out exactly the same as the story it's based off of, and when they ram the ship into cthulu, he lives
Let's not forget that Lovecraft did not write Cthulhu to be a supernatural entity. He is an organic deep space alien who was chillin on earth and ended up taking a nap a long time ago.
I believe this is Dagon
Fun fact, Kristen also has thalassophobia, not sure if she was lied to or she thought they were going to film with green/blue screens, but boy, she really had a bad time in an actually submerged place
Probably one of the best Lovecraftian movies, withma focus on the sea monster part. Mayne mix between Cthulhu and Dagon, whether the other creatures were it's offspring or not. Still in the spirit of it, with the ambiguity if there was anything more than just a big undersea creature.  I could see a number of horror movies that for the most part leave it just ambiguous if there is anything more. Like the Mountain of Madness movie I have heard Hollywood have been wanting to make for a long time, a Shogoth that may or may not be a natural creature.
Damn those Anglerfish!!!!
I saw this movie in theaters, with no knowledge of the cast, plot, etc. And I ended up really liking it 😅
Fun fact: A giant, hidden pocket of water under the bottom of the sea that's cracked open by human activity is where Godzilla is hypothesized to have come from by scientist characters in the original 1954 movie.
About the moon pies, the secret is money laundering.
@RoanokeGaming.  I had a movie i wanted you to cover. Its called DREAMCATCHER its a sci fi alien movie that me and my dad watched. When he died i found a dvd for dreamcatcher and it made my happy. Knowing that he still had it. It was our favorite horror movie. It would mean the world to me if you covered it.
Hi
Good work on the shout out to IH
I have been watching way too much of your stuff. I sat and explained B cells, T cells, reason for a fever, etc. during a virus to my girlfriend because she was sick. It was probably half wrong but man I was confident after watching all your episodes. Hahahaha
if they wanted to go with a Cthulhu mythos like movie they did a horrible job, Cthulhu and what not isn't just big scary monster and that's kinda all the movie was. way better as just big sea creature movie, than a Cthulhu movie.
Guys i dont know if you noticed theres some subtle themes in this video that seem to indicate that Roanoke might not be the biggest fan of the anglerfish
You should play subnautica in vr to face your fears
Ok random question about telomeres - does using retinol on your skin causing I guess your skin cells turnover more essentially mean you're speeding up the aging of your skin in the long run because you're increasing how often the telomeres get nixed?
Any chance we could get an episode on SOMA? It'd be kinda cool to hear some science as to what goes on in that game
Best one yet
If something survived that far down id never swim again because how durably would something be there
Moon pie and RC cola is a delicacy.
Derelict undersea stations <3 Makes me wonder if you ever checked the game SOMA out!
The thing that makes me think the creatures aren't natural is how complicated their external bodies are. Real animals seem to tend towards smoothness and simpler shapes on the outside. Especially aquatic creatures.
It's a deep sea sasquatch.
I wonder if your dad saw a massive grouper when he was in the pier. There are reports of the larger are known to swallow children whole. 😳
Oh....this movie is just a load of "i think the fuck not" for me, we need to leave whatever the fuck is in the ocean alone
Sweetheart has a good water monster that could also be interesting to cover.
why do i feel like i already watched this lmao i must be losing it
We're going to need a full breakdown of the Cathulu creature now.
The complete fear of angler fish is genuine. They lure fish to their death by dangling hope in front of them. Some evil fish they are.
This was such a fantastic film and one that ANY fan of Call of Cthulu should see immediately.  I don't even care fir Kristen Stewart and she was awesome in this film!
27:24 Thats what I'm talkin about. You're in a mech/Exo suit, how hard is it to make a improvised shank?
12 fking ads are you kidding me
As far as Lovecraftian stories, which I'm not sold on to interpret this movie, the giant creature is closer to Dagon than Cthulhu. Dagon isn't quite as supernatural, basically being the largest example from a race of aquatic humanoids. There's some stories of the Deep Ones, it's smaller relatives, interbreeding with Humans, but they're also described as existing all on their own in underwater communities as well.
Take a shot every time he says anglerfish
30:13 I actually find it funny just how meny times in human history we have been like “”no there is no posable chance that this creature of legend can every really exist”” ied imagine there is some laughter at the end there, then the thing they have just been talking about (in this case the old man of the forest aka an orangutang) walks out of the jungle and sits down to eat some leafs and scratch himself in the reference section (bonus points if you get the reference).  A similar thing happened with the duck build platypus (though considering how odd it’s designed is I can understand the scepticism)  it makes you wonder what else is in the deep places of the earth, there are still lots of places we can’t explore not just the deep ocean but jungles, mountains and caves, I find it funny how hollow earthers can be right but so wrong at the same time, yes the earth is hollow but not like an egg it’s an ants nest with some caves been so large you can fit LA in them while others an ant can’t even squeeze though who know what will be living down there (spiders, big ass spiders knowing my luck, heck when we leave this rock the first life we will probably find will be massive spiders as there everywhere else we go).
Roanoke wasn't paying attention when the leviathan was revealed. It wasn't in the distance. When she found the "nest" of smaller creatures, the whole mass pulls away and we see that the creatures are living or sprouting out of the leviathan's body, like the way some frogs carry their young.
It's weird how YouTube put this video as number one video of my feed despite me not being into vore, or even subscribed to this channel.
Meh no matter the size we humans will kill it to assert dominance ...then see if it's good to eat and you know full well we would don't deny it.
I have the same fear of large DEEP bodies of water, and yes Subnautica stresses me out too. For some reason I also tried it in VR and I noped out even faster.
If this movie is based on Lovecraftian stories, like Cthulhu, then the creatures would be Deep Ones, which is even more disturbing when you know the lore. Deep Ones are hybrids between other Lovecraftian monsters and humans, who were sacrificed by coastal tribes in return for good fishing. That mean those sacrificed women had relationship with fish or cephalopods, and then gave birth to these things. There are some stories suggesting that Humans can transform into Deep Ones, but that's more mystical than sci fi and probably doesn't fit with this particular movie.
28? Im 27 and am already telling kids to get off my lawn and bitching about my joints, back, and knees.   I am just gonna fall to dust at 30 huh?
My dude, are you saying that human beings 1-once that oil was some sort of leftovers from the organic matter of actual dinosaurs. And 2- we aren't pretty darn certain that the HYDROCARBONS we pump oout of the ground isnt from compressed organic compounds trapped on what was once a sea floor? Dude. We always knew it was plants, and we still do.
Cthulhu was an inspiration, and as for the smaller beings, they were inspired by the worshipers of Cthulhu that long ago gave up their humanity and be subservient to Cthulhu's needs. Does it make it supernatural? No. I believe that your direction of a pocket under the crust of the Earth there was this creature, and potentially more. Perhaps an entire ecosystem. I dare think of it tie into the "hollow Earth" theory as so creatures as large of the Leviathan could live, along with other creatures of immense size. Of course, anything of such size to a normal person would perhaps be seen as "godlike" and incomprehensible because something that big would definitely be bigger than the human Ego.
You know a subnortica video would go viral
absolutely no way those suits would be pressurized to the extent that it would compete with or exceed the pressure of the ocean down there; otherwise, the people inside it would be turned to jelly.
The writers fetish
An implosion under extreme depths would cause an extreme shockwave. You have what is basically a vacuum compared to the outside area, and such a large displacement of thousands of tons of water. It would be equal to about setting off a couple pounds of c4 ---per square inch--- of displaced water, not to mention the recoil shockwaves after.
When the MATH fades in at 17:30 it’s missing the THX noise
'The anglerfish' is such a funny line lmao.
While the water apes and leviathan are getting noped, the real boss, the angler fish, laughs in the darkness 😂😂😂🐟
Am I the only one who noticed Roanoke not liking Angler fishes?
I watched this movie and honestly could not see a thing once they entered the water to walk to the next station. I think Cthulhu and his fishmen was wasted in this movie.
The angeler fish was the mastermind all along
If you want to see more deep sea monsters Deepstar Six exists with 80s practical effects
I've been to the depths of long john silvers and had an explosive event
Moon pies rule
"At 28 your body starts dying"   I was not ready for that information.
Cmon man, the death card clearly says 14, he said she was 14 cause that was the last time he was truely sane, he lost that sanity when he began delving into dark and forbidden knowlege, and volunteered to be the captain of this installation with clear intent to rouse cthulhu, hence all the shadowy cabal stuff in his locker
That angler fish beef is real
That sounds like a crazy ass movie
i remember watching this with my dad and annoying him to high hell, because i would try to understand and figure out the biology of these things
That shit looks like straight up deep sea power armor from Fallout 😂 8:09
I know ive said it before but you sound alot like another youtuber anthomnia
There's occassionally faint sounds in this video that sounds like a phone ring and i just gotta say you motherfucker. Thought i was going nuts hearing a phone ring in an empty room... that is supposed to be haunted. Yeah not kidding it's a locker room and from what i've experience this ghost is a raging asshole. For almost 10 days i slept in this locker room with around 15 other people and just about every night, sometimes several times a night i would wake up in the middle of the night to the sound of someone going absolutely apeshit on the lockers, like grabbing the handle and just racking it back and forth as hard as you can. I asked everyone and nobody else ever heard it or woke up to it. After aaking around a few people mentioned how this building is haunted. Yeah ghost dude i can't remember your name, but it's been like 6 months, but i swear if you pull that locker shit again i will exercise you from this mortal realm
The trailers for this movie reminded me of The Abyss and I didn't want this movie to ruin The Abyss for me so I never watched it
You get attacked by an anglerfish homeboy?😭
I've bought a moon pie before. Just so you know occasionally they Do get boughten lol I watched this movie and fell asleep and lost interest your explanation of it is much more enjoyable. Thank you
Not to brag but ive actually trained my brain to be able to run in any direction ina dream, now im treaining it to fight
I hate to be the bearer of bad news... but the portion of the captain misremembering his daughters age may be incorrect? The scene where she finds the card of the Captains daughter says she died at age 14 not 11. The font used for the age definelty makes it look like it says 11 but in closer inspection it definetly states 14. unless I'm misinterpreting that portion of the video? If thats the case, please ignore because I haven't seen the movie.   Still, the portion of explaining why the brain might have mis-remembered her age was informative and interesting, I just had to point out that the discrepancy of the Captain was stating she was 14 which was the age that she died; still leaving out that she was deceased.   Still was thoroughly entertained with the video! Just had to point that out.
"Kirsten Stewart is in this movie so prepare yourself accordingly." Made me chortle outloud and get written up at work bahahahhahahaa
Thank you for having as much fun with this stuff as we do.
I loved Underwater. I really hope it gets a prequel or sequel in the future :)
So what you're saying is humanity got too greedy and dug too deep?
11:04 from your body’s POV it wants you to do as little thinking as possible because if you start thinking you may start thinking about just how much danger your in and them you start panicking and become useless to everyone including yourself so your brain really dosnt want you to think.
Kristen, not ‘Kirsten.’ 🤦‍♀️
I got to the sudden ocean drop-off in Subnautica, looked down, and promptly got the fuck back to the shallower sea floor. Even virtual that shit is just a big NOPE.
Honestly that deep it's between implosion and explosion it depends if the forces inside win or the ones outside
WATCH YOUR MOUTH ABOUT JACOB RONOAKE....
I love the sea but it's one of the only things that actually terrifies me, I know she is a fickle mistress. Also fuck spider fish, I'm tired of getting spiked by them! :(
Subnautica is scary up until I get the prawn suit. For some reason being separated from the ocean by a reinforced hull (and the ability to punch everything in its ugly face) cures all my anxiety and I can hurl myself at anything.
i buy moon pies
No Humanity is doing what Humanity always does and that's f****** something up!!!!! Even what is supposed to be art!!!!!😢
Everyone butches those names because theyre not meant to be pronouncable with the human tongue.  Thank you for watching my ted talk lol
You break our toys, we unalive your species. Absolutely love that quote
Sea monkeys? 🤨
This movie makes me think of the whole Ningen japanese cryptid.
SEA MONKEYS
Why Kirstren Stewarnd looks like Eminem in this movie?
"Upwards, towards the bottom of the ocean..." one of the most terrifying sentences I have ever heard.
I think the humanoid creatures are based on the Ningen from eastern cryptology, the massive pale humanoids that swim along the surface and attack ships are a very interesting creature and perfect for a deep sea horror film
Its crazy how the bible says water come down from the sky and broke forth from the earth, and when the flood was over the waters sank into the earth. Anyway....  Genesis 7:11-12 and Genesis 8:3 0:26 in the video
bro has mad beef with angler fish
I know you're a redneck, but COME ON. Global warming is 100% a real thing caused by greenhouse gases. Primarily those generated by humans.   Youre a scientist you know better. You also know a theory is science is as close to fact as possible yet you use the word in its unscientific colloquial use. Misleading your audience.   Heres a couple major lies that either confirm the beliefs of stubborn anti-science idiots while the world burns or influence others into believing unscientific conspiracy theories. No.1 using the word theory in a misleading way. No.2 "we dont really have a clue." Absolutely untrue. Tha majority of reports and climate scientists of decades or even 150 years of research have overwhelmingly supported the theory of global warming. We have so much climate data we can pretty accurately predict future climate patterns.  For gods sake major oil companies discovered it to be true then created the foundations of climate denial and thus the incredibly slow progress towards combatting the issue. Were doing so bad we arent even gonna meet global climate goals which are already far too generous, 10-15 years late or in politics never.
1:52 Here me out.
You should really make a video on Subnautica
Man, him cutting his hair and dropping the hat REALLY brings out the nerd dad aesthetic.
The director openly admitted it was Cthulhu
Whole movie: Deep sea scary stuff Roanoke: ANGLER FISH!
8:26 'ocean gate'd' nahhh, you did not just say that XD
To be fair i like the eldritch idea with ho lovecraft u should read it its really good and the horror is amazing also I reckon the big one I'd dagon and the small ones are deep ones
I tend to just see oil as liquid charcoal, which given the charcoal comes from plants make sense in my brain
Good to know ranoke loves angler fish so much, bet he would love to eat one
ngl, their suits remind me of halo 4's Oceanic armor mixed with the Air Assault armor the likeness is really uncanny
I think he doesn't like the angler fish
Wait... so there's a rock with three times the amount of water currently in the oceans? What would happen if you just..... crushed it?  I know that if its real its not gonna be as simple as "crush rock, water come out", but imagine using chemistry to break off and dissolve a pebble of this thing, somehow releasing the water inside and suddenly coastlines across the world noticeably rise..... o_o
The design is definitely inspired by Cthulhu, but since they didn't go insane upon laying their eyes on it, it's not actually Cthulhu.
I think the directors confirmed it's Cthulhu
Subnautica is scary but for me Stranded Deep was the most rustling of jimmies, trying to use the raft the cross to another island and a shark starts knocking your raft until they tip it over and start attacking you its so nerve racking. I hated going near the water and unlike Subnautica which forces you to stay in water at all times Stranded Deep gives you little reprives but forces you back into the water to get things done and i HATE exploring the reefs and suddenly a shark darts out of the deep blue to hit you
Sounds like a rip off of deep star 6! You should do that movie too!
I watched this with 0 expectations but I thoroughly enjoy it. It’s nice when I’m pleasantly surprised by something I had 0 expectations of.
I have bought moon pies. Usually at the dollar store but my in laws like them. Not sure if anyone else does. Also Subnautica is one of my favorite games. Terrified of deep water irl. But love the game.
I've seen this movie like 10 times. I like it, all the characters are so likable. Even the little boy.
just some cthuluhu babies
Metamorphosis/life-stage wise, assuming the leviathan IS the same species, this could be similar to the pond newt. It goes from an aquatic larva (tadpole) that grows legs, loses its fins, and becomes a terrestrial juvenile, and then re-develops fins and other aquatic adaptations when it finally metamorphoses into an aquatic adult. So, there's at least a precedent for an animal with a life cycle that goes from more to less and back to more aquatic-adapted (though losing legs is a stretch).
Just a heads up, if I remember correctly, was verified as "Cthulhu"  " Director William Eubank confirmed that the giant monster at the end of Underwater was indeed Cthulhu."
Submautica best game ever
Nitrogen narcosis
Imagine a 3.3 meter 130 anglier fish with rabies...
Okay bro we get it, you HATE the angler fish 😂
My dude you look so much better with short hair hahaha.
Great someone  splooged into the ocean and this is what we get
8:25 "Gets oceangated" that took me out for a minute😂
u break our toys we break your species that is the most badass line i heard today gawd damn
Has Roanoke done a video on the Jake Gyllenhaal movie "Life" that has that crazy alien glop thing? Perfect fit for this channel.
I had dreams once where I dove down the ocean and found a tiny tunnelslide thing that took me 1000s of meters down to another ocean under the ocean and even further, I would find another slidey tunnel that took me through and threw me out of a hole into an earth under the crust, like an underground kontinent cave thing with an own light source and all.
Oh man! You're a scientist, and you know absolutely dick about fossil fuels? I am in shock! Well, not really. Fossil fuels are from the Cambrian period before we had fungi to help break down tough plant life. So check yourself, bro!
Oxygen is trying to burn us alive slowly forever.
Body swallowing you say 👀
you look less nerdy than expected
Heck, even Arks ocean has me nope, much less Subnautica
I don't know what it is but... i get the impression you don't like the ocean? Is this true, and if so why have you never mentioned it??
Nah oceangated had me dyin 😂
Critters seem mortal enough.  Not seeing anything blatant beyond what could be done by a rather smart, very fast, scary strong animal.  So... nevermind the great old ones, I'm not even sure these things are even dolphin level intelligent, much less human.
What if instead of being parasites themselves the water apes served as a sorta of antibody devoring any parasites on the leviathan
Deep underwater the suit is a contained void of lower pressure than surrounding water. Once the suit fails, in an instant, this mass of water rushes in to fill that void. There should be an outward shockwave caused by the mass of water slaming into water. Think of it like two cars colliding. Conservation of momentum.
My parents house, where I grew up was off bay springs lake in Tishomingo MS. We used to sit in life vests and float across just kinda idling and enjoying the water. One of those times floating i was in the middle of the lake and felt a strong woosh feeling between my legs. I looked down just in time to see the tail of a huge ass fish smack the side of my foot and jet into the green depths of the water. It’s tail fin had to be about 10” tip to tip. Best I could figure is it was an alligator gar. Look one of those up if you want nightmares. I was always scared of deep water after watching the beast, the abyss and sphere as a kid
damn those anglerfish!
That was a very stupid idea, taking your suggestion to take deep breaths, yeah, it give me Apoxia, and a migraine.
Best line to sum up humanity I've heard so far, "You break our toys, we break your species"
Thalassaphobia? Boy do I have a story for you fine people!  When I was a child, I lived near the sea. Being a stupid little proto-human, I used to do something with my friends. We'd walk out to this point where the water suddenly gets rather deep. It was sorta like an underwater slop that went down not too far, but a decent distance. We would play a game where, we take our swim goggles, a nose plug, and ear plugs, then drop down the slop and touch the bottom, upon which we swim back up. Sometimes, we'd snag some seaweed, sea trash, or maybe even a crab. The point is, it was fun. Also, on the way up, you'd have this beautiful view of the sunlight pouring down, tinged dark green by the water.  Now, one day, I did my thing (alone, because I was extra stupid that day), went down, touched the bottom, then kicked off the ground to swim back up. I immediately stop because my head bumped into something. I was very confused, so hastily looked up and around to see a shark swimming away. Based solely on guesswork, I bumped this big ol' fish right in the tummy and he just swam off without any trouble. I consider it to be one of my favourite life experiences because I had never seen such a big shark so close, but I figured folks with thalassaphobia might have fun thinking about this one though.
His Almonds were activat
"That is not a natural formation"- God I cannot unhear "this cave is not a natural formation"
I like kissing boys I'm a silly little boykisser
“Got oceangated” made me spit coffee all over my car. Haha
while we may not understand, here is a fact: oil is natural and it "grows" back. in california, there was a area that was believed to be no oil left, tests even showed the area had none left. 20 years later, a sheriff was going by and saw oil bubbling out. when tests were done, it was shown oil was there again, just popping up. and as far as we know, fossils arent in that area, which then begs the question of HOW there is oil there. maybe, just maybe.........oil is a natural thing of the planet?  as for the water apes/whales, there is no actual evidence for that. sure, they have some interesting mammal bones, but at the end of the day, there is zero evidence to actually back that up, just pure and utter speculation.
With regards to the exploding implosion, that's kind of true. As when the hull is compromised in an implosion the air escapes in an explosion, and with a sufficiently small rupture combined with sufficient pressure, it acts like a propulsion jet. If the pressure is then released in a small enough area, you can debate if the airlock is too large or not for this to happen, it would act like the shockwaves of an explosion and would force the things inside the area out.  Oh, btw, you literally have thalassaphobia because you experienced something in the water that your human senses and mind could not comprehend. Things are only "supernatural" if we are unable to explain them properly, whether they are in a natural setting or not.
Subnautica is one of the best horror games ive ever played. XD
So thats a Subnautica play through confirmed? Also whats your beef with Angler fish in particular, what about the Viperfish? :)
So. Many. Adds
Don't wuss out on us, Roanoke, you are legally required to cover every species in Subnautica
For the record, re:the origin of oil, "How do you even test that?" is stable isotope geochemistry. Chemical paleontology is a whole field unto itself, and it's so much more than just radioisotope dating.
Ever since I seen this movie Ive been waiting to see it get covered on the channel. Happy day
The director meant for it to be Cthulhu. He’s mentioned being a fan of Lovecraft books
I live in a desert I'm never going near oceans due the fear of not seeing the bottom
Drinking game: Take a shot every time Roanoke says “angler fish” during this video.
It’s funny, I found this movie by trying to find out if they made a second movie for Life. Apparently Calvin looks like the giant one.
I feel like this is the type of 'fish person' that Lovecraft meant with the Shadow Over Innsmouth fiasco.
Fellow deep sea avoider chad here, my reasoning is far less fear inducing, but if any of you played Banjo Kazooie, the pirate level with the shark, I literally used to cry while it was chasing me and all my big brothers would laugh, thus blessing me with a fear of anything in the ocean
Now, I wouldn’t say that I am actively afraid of many things. The ocean is one of those things. Just thinking about what might be down there that we don’t know about freaks me out. Y’all ever heard about the Goblin Shark?!
Catholu had many children including cathilla
the most unbelievable thing of the movie is someone wearing their glasses while brushing their teeth.
4:36 what did he say "wake up with the same __ I have" auto caption said "sias" but googling "sias" isn't bringing up any good results
Roanoke I also hate the bottom of the ocean but what is your beef with angler fishes😂😂😂
You've lost a lot of subscribers in the anglerfish community for this one...
The more I learn about how little we actually know, the more weary I am about the things we think are true.
Also, i get it, angler fish are creepy. But have you seen goblin sharks? Angler fish are like puppies in comparison. Goblin sharks are made out of nightmare fuel.
Feeling yigh and loseing feeling in your fingers are some of the first signs of nitrogen narcosis too, we have no odea what kind of air mix they are breathing as i dont think they had intened for extended excursions
1:03 we need to start flinging these rocks at mars with some mutated super cockroachs what's the worse that could happen (Terraformars)
As an italian, i appreciate that you mentioned Schettino... that absolute meme of a man. Great video as always
Love this channel but if I don't hear Roanoke say "digitigrade vs plantigrade" soon I'm just going to assume the holidays are ruined. 😜
amazing video man ! i rlly think you should cover the movie "Old" that came out in 2021. its a pretty good movie with an interesting concept. i'd love to see your take on it ! :)))
For some reason I don't think you like anglerfish
Who is the guy in minute 2:00? He has your voice, very weird!
my god, papa roanoke got a haircut, i am forever changed by this knowledge
I actually liked Underwater. Didn't care much for TJ Miller tho
You really don't like angler fish
This gave me nightmares because these guys were so fast
Ah Subnautica. Terrifying and beautiful at the same time. A real gem.
Ayo, where is the biology of the monsters of HUNT showdown?
So close to 1m subs u got this man
It's Cthulhu, I'm fairly certain the director confirmed it.
Agreed, scientific explanations for movie monsters are far better then mythical magically existing beings. I'd also argue monsters that can be fought and defeated are far better then walking killing doom machines, cause... well you can't defeat it so what's the point in anything
As far as I know, the suit implosion was pretty realistic.  When the suit's integrity fails, all of the air inside is compressed by the water until it reaches critical and explodes.
kinda too small to be Cthulhu?
Ive never wanted humanity to launch enough nukes to kill our planet more than deep sea horror shit
I get the fear of the ocean, once, I got caught in a riptide and wound up very far from the shore, I'm not the best swimmer and almost drowned but a surfer saw me and was able to get to me in time. Now I find it really hard to be in water that my feet cant reach the bottom of.
Good thing I can't swim so I have no incentive to go into or near any deep water.
ph'nglui mglw'nafh Cthulhu R'lyeh wgah'nagl fhtagn
Name dropping the Concordias captain and internet historian is wild (and very cool)
About the air hook-up, from my experience as a diver and what I was told, past 200 feet you are supposed to carry all the air you need and focus on your own survival as it is passed the depth most people can give aid in case of an emergency. That is what I was told, if I am wrong or others with more diving experience can correct me, I'd be happy to learn.
I'm pretty sure that is Chuthulu - who is a "deep one" living in the deep sea according to the mythos. Also according to the mythos, Cuthulu followers turned into human-fish hybrids and followed him to the deep sea. This is a Lovecraftian tale. Correction on the Giant Squid.  It was known with visual sightings as far back as 1800s and actual dead specimens have been found washed on shore since then.  A live one wasn't filmed in the wild until the 2010s and later.
internet historian crossover when??
I'm thinking that it's a natural beast. Maybe the basis Lovecraft had in this continuity for his Cthulhu stories. Maybe he found some drawing from some ancient people that had an interaction with the species in the past.
I love Moon Pies
Love your commentary and side jokes.
Aleins, it's always aliens.  Also I'd think the tail reforming would be to increase the ability to spread, or rather to go to a further away territory to seed that area.
you keep saying they dont have eyes....did you miss the eye shine when they all woke up? 27:18 you can see it
I’m going to get a Nobel prize because I watched a YouTube video.   The part he was talking about our dna being extended in space. It’s not being extended, it’s proof of reverse time travel. you are being reformed because in space you are usually traveling faster and if that effects time then this is no coincidence.  We aren’t purposely trying to travel in time by nano second when we go to space but we do. Maybe we are traveling back in time at the same time without us trying. Actually we are just enhancing the time effect, everything already is in its own bubble of time depending how fast or dense they are. Maybe space travel is the needle being treaded for traveling back and that’s why nothings present but us because intelligent life always go back once they are space bound
Do you think you can cover the Tarkat illness from mortal combat!
I saw this the night it came out saw the end screamed out NO FUCKING WAY gf looked at me like what? I said you know my book i have with the creepy octopus man? She said yea i said thats him.   Fast forward like 2 days later and mr.h reviews talked to the director who confirmed yup its cthulu
Wow, a new video, i.e. not from 5 years ago finally got recommended to your channel, something I have been getting for weeks. If I see one more type of necromorph I may start turning into one.
17:26 *laughs in metric*
But the aquatic ape hypothesis is mostly not accepted, much less a theory.
Merch site not working 😭
The Director confirmed that this is an HP Lovecraft inspired movie, and the monster at the end is Cthulhu.
I just wanted to point out that the do actually have eyes, they’re just way smaller than the actual eye sockets are. (Also the producer(?) stated that he planned for the monsters to be Cthulhu related but it never got set in stone, so there’s that)
Hey Roanoke, do you like fish sticks?
Man i wonder if he hates anglerfish
More brain talk, this brain likes hearing about other brains. Also I think Roanoke has it out for the anglerfish.
sh1t tons of ppl buy moon pies, just not you lol
Its also possible that it developed proper limbs to deal with the cave environment. Likewise, many fish have developed leg-luke limbs because they dont really swim around very often.
As far as the Cthulhu lore goes, your looking too deep. Cthulhu is the ruler/high priest of a race just like him, but smaller. Deep ones (fish people) also worshipped him. So the smaller humanoids could be either of them.
Every action a equal or opposite reaction. With the suit imploding inward that quickly it would create a explosion outward as pressure equalzes I believe.
fears are weird. my sister threw jellyfish at me once, 15 years ago, and im still scared of them
The director said it was unambiguously Cthulhu.
See the Weyland Tag? So send them back ….not so out the norm, for Weyland Yutani
off branch human species are always the coolest monster
Glad to see they managed to reuse the props from gears of war for their suits in this one lol
if I remember correctly, Cthulu had a legion of followers that were alien in origin; star children they looked like miniature versions of Cthulu and would fight in wars against man and other Lovecraftian beasts and their legions these could have been inspired by that
"You break our toys we break your species" is really a fantastic motto. Proud Human reporting in to protect our toys at all cost.
Yeah, Ro, the people behind the movie stated the big one is outright Cthulhu. This is straight up Lovecraft movie. As such the humanoid creatures throughout the movie are Deep Ones.
I have idea y they have hand and legs if feel they would grapple onto there prey like sperm whales for example digging into the side of the whale in hordes just my opinions please dont kill me
I played Subnaitca for 10 hours for base building then stopped after I was treated as a literal dolphin ball toy for some GIANT GHOST ARSEHOLE, will never play again for that experience.
I cant stand this ADHD editing.
Loved this movie
RowButt. Lol. Love your videos.
The way Roanoke hates angler fish reminds me of how Dexter (cartoon) hated Styrofoam.
33:55 Magical or non-magical?
Deusdeacon has a great review of this film, fully acknowledging the explicit Lovecraft elements. The company wanted this outcome.
SCP-1128
The kait part was gears 5
This looks like a big budget movie, how have I never heard of it before??
I love Subnautics 1 & 2.  But then again I also wouldn't mind being consumed by a colossal squid (I'm thinking FR or D&D sized colossal)
you look better when you shaved
Homes, I've been watching your videos forever, wtf are almonds in your vocabulary? Inner ears? Brains???
You know, the video is going to be bad, when it starts with wrong statements. Ringwoodite was first discovered in 1879 and not a few days ago. Also it is a magnesium silicate and does not contain water and especially not the amount mentioned in this video. Do us all a favor and stop telling lies to people. Thanks.
Thanks Roanoke, watched this one for halloween! You have perfect timing!
These guys personally seem like more "grounded" or "realistic" Deep Ones, aka. the Lovecraft species but without the magic.
"You break our toys, we break your species"  That is so true hahahaha
The aquatic ape theory has a problem: all aquatic mammals breath atmospheric oxigen, not the oxigen dissolved in water.
Hold up you telling me the bs shit from the Bible about the water counting out the ground and it’s 3 times what we got now. Hold up hold up let me go pray
its me  I buy the moonpies Roanoke
A Bloodborne great one
Why did my life go to ruin? The angler fish.
I wonder what deep sea fish scares Roanoke the most?
You break our toys, we break your species  Nothing more human
This movie just sounds like an average Tuesday in Barotrauma
Could you not do videos on subautica species just using other peoples footage?  Or is even watching someone else play an issue for the old anxiety machine
I actually really liked Kristen Stewart in this movie. And the ocean walk scene hit me with that SOMA fear, and I don't even have thalassaphobia.
Finally!!! I now know I'm not a whimp for being scared of Subnautica
Knock knock... Who's there? Angler Fish... Angler Fish who? Just Angler Fish...go back to sleep Roanoke Gaming...
You could make these videos like an hour long, I’d still watch em
Of course spiders managed to follow them down into this deep sea base
would love to see you talk about some of the creatures from The Mist
I raced motocross and drank heavily when I was younger, Im pretty sure my body started dying at 24.
fun fact I learned from a marine biologist friend who's been deep sea diving, angler fish are hyper aggressive and will try to eat things twice their size, they also have awful eyesight so they might see your calf as a tasty treat not realizing it's attached to a whole human.
Think it’s closer to Dagon? Or the inspiration to Dagon or a sea god which would keep it natural but still linked to the mythos
Why does bro have a green screen
Moon pies are amazing
Feeeeeeet
Iplosions at that depth literally flash fry every part of you in a milisecond, that amount of pressure creates an insane abount of heat.
Dude seriously, an add every 2 - 5 minutes is too much. Could you tone it down, just a little bit?
I thought this movie was very much like the movies  Deepstar six or leviathan
Fun fact: there are more than 2 species showcased in the film. There was also the scene where Kristen turns around and there a writhing mass of tentacles behind and she… just kinda acts indifferent to it and it never gets mentioned again. As underwhelming as her performance may have been. But yeah, I asked William Eubank about the scene on Twitter a couple years back. He said it was based on concept art, which he then posted, and it was meant to hint at other horrors living down there.
What does he have agaisnt the angler fish
“You break our toys, we break your species.”  Truer words have never been spoken.
Another Kristen Stewart AMAZING performance... 🙄🙄
31:08 Roanoke, are you actually a UNSC Smart AI?
Hey man whats your beef with the Lophius piscatorius. Its just vibing down there.
30:34 Since it wasn't released from an ancient city and isn't ravaging the surface that's a given... I don't even think it has legs...
I always assumed that the smaller young were parasites that took over the human bodies that they found. Due to the fact that arms and legs are so odd at such deep levels of the ocean. The only thing that would make sense to me really is that arms and legs are kind of useless to fish. At least that’s how I feel but I do like the idea of assuming that they are a different species from the big one. It almost feels as if they’re parasites or they could be its little bodyguard things who knows. Because the thing seems very smart.
have you or will you cover no mans sky?
@23:39 The daughter did die at 14, which is why he captain said 14, and then was all, "well I guess she's older now". The card says "age 14" it is just in a really really stupid font where the 4 looks a lot like a 1, but you can tell the digits are are slightly different from each other.
I, for one, am absolutely loving the longer videos. Its nice to be able to zone out with a relaxing voice about an interesting subject and work on my crochet or knit projects for a while. That being said, please, if its making you tired to make these longer videos, don't force yourself to make them! I love and appreciate the shorter videos just as much. I'm sure we  all want you to make content that you actually enjoy making, for yourself, so don't do it for our benefit unless you truly do enjoy it! It's okay to take a break and look after yourself. We don't mind.
Angler fish.
I'm sorry to hear you get anxiety from Subnautica. It's a very fun game. The sequel is nearly as good, and there's a third on the way.  It'd be interesting to hear your thoughts on the morphology of some of the creatures (such as the Peeper, Bladderfish, and maybe the Mesmer, but definitely the Leviathan class creatures, particularly the Reefbacks). Maybe you could watch some videos by other YouTubers and try to get some ideas from them, as well as the wiki pages for them.
“You break our toys, we break your species” is effectively what the Americans did to the Japanese in the Second World War
Does your name correlate to the actual town or the missing colony, and if it's about the colony why haven't you done a conspiracy
Is the 1st time i saw your face! And fits with your voice perfectly, roanoke could be a perfect character in so many movies!
Looks like the villain from Ben 10
I literally watched this last night, and it was dumb. As I told my roommate, they substitute anything that would make me care about these characters for Kristen Stewart trying (and failing) to say something  profound then being blown up in slow motion. Of the four movies I watched that night, this was the least profound of the bunch.
What damage to ships was confirmed to be caused by a colossal squid...?
If the Leviathan creature doesn't cause crippling insanity just by looking at it for a few minutes, then yeah it's not an elder god, it's a natural species
I think at one point there was gonna be a Gears of War movie...and these suits in this movie were costumes for it.
I’ve heard it said that tinnitus can sometimes be expelled by reminding yourself the noise isn’t real and for me it works. You might have brought this up in the past but mentioning it again made be post this because I think it’s incredible but I also feel sorry for people may who have serious ear damage and can’t just think the ringing away.
From what I have read scientists arent necessarily saying the equivalent of the worlds oceans are in a single rock, rather the mantle transition zone of the earth might have that much water causing ringwoodite to form.
One minor note: Rodrigo DID know that the helmet was faulty, you can see him noticing a small crack and choosing that one, giving the safer one to Nora.
You probably killed like 3k people with your experiment
day three of asking you to do the 7 days to die zombies and infection
I like the idea that there is an entire species underneath the ocean just vibing, and will absolutely shrek us if they ever get out.
17:38 The scariest part of the video.  Math
In not a fan of deep water either probably from drowning as a kid and needed to be resuscitated
Day 153 skag borderlands  Day 100  scarlet rot elden ring  Day 90 Shimmer Arcana (League of Legends)
25:30 Oh no it's that creepy guy...
Ooor...maybe it's a swarm and the big one is the "queen"..i.e. "XENOMORPH from 'ALIEN'" or earth insects like ants or bees. Just a thought.
In completely blackness💀💀💀
Divers experience psychodelic effects of high preassure gasses at depth (some shit to do with the amount of molecules). Most act as a depressant narcotic, others can act as a stimulant (not sure about stimulant). Helium is the most "innert" at certain depths helium mixtures are neccesery, if going even deeper, you might have to place  different bottles with different mixtures (less oxigen then usual or something) to prevent going too schizo or going ino a deep narcosis, REMEMBER: YOU WILL BE IMPARED at depth, no way to avoid it. A reliefe valve might/or might not be  be a great idea. To explain why. There are 3 different basic  diving gear (not counting going naked) wetsuit, drysuit and aep- athmosperic diving suit.wetsuit is not complicated so no comment.  Drysuit keeps you warm in extremely freezing water by keeping you dry but requires inflation. Basically the deeper you go, the more the drysuit clings to you so you counteract that with inflating it. Go too deep and you cant move (constricted), overinflate (or rise too quickly) and you cant move due to balooning  (and experience the bends) so you can not add/ release preassure to save yourself. Aep keeps 1 atmosphere of preassure, sealed in an exoskeleton with pliers for "hands". These suits seem like a combo of dry and aep. An exoskeleton with weakpoints that are keept from collapsing by additional internal preassure (dont exist currently i think).the internal preassure does not have to match the outside preassure, just reduce its potency (2 atm preassure should halve the required structural integrity, but if someone has better info, please do tell, because im not sure how the difference in preassure works exactly) All in order to reduce the effect of narcosis while maintaining more or less normal mobility. If the valve in the movie suit fails and suit HAS to maintain internal preassure to not collapse.you will run out of oxygen quite fast. Unless the valve was too small to quickly regulate preassure , or has to be manually operated. But why would a suit that can not regulate preassure have such potent  "vertical" thrusters. Also at very deep preassures, regular valve might not work, titanic "excavation" had to use oil or disel for "baloons" because gasses could over compress at some depths for baloons to rise effectively. Rebreathers can fail and cause co2 buildup called co2 hit which will fuck up a diver FAST. And co2  will not clear the bodies system quickly. Rebreathers are used for "practice" , in severe silt or caves where bubbles will impair already limited vision, or to allow a more efficient use of oxigen. The deeper you go the more oxigen you spend on bubbles when you exhale (you breathe out preassurised air which is 10-15%oxigen), rebreather recycles that oxigen by scrubbing c02 and adding a little bit extra air.
The director confirmed the huge beast was Cthulhu
Your videos feed my appreciation of, and desire to learn more about, biology (micro, xeno, etc). Keep it up man. Your vid’s make for the perfect mix of horror and education. They’ll creep you out while also teaching you some fascinating shit.
The movie was so underrated. And when the the director said the big bad was cthulhu, then that made it even more perfect
Who is Sgt Johnson?
24:01 Damn...I was hoping you'd address the Cthulhu in that frame. I don't remember much about the movie, except that it was pretty _meh,_ and I didn't dig in too...deep. But I do remember being left confused about that one shot, because it kinda made it seem they're actually digging for something other than oil or whatever down there. Like...the sunken city of R'lyeh? Or maybe the dude that drew it just saw the thing and went cookoo, and being set in our world, he just made the connection to Lovecraft's mythos. *BUT* isn't that the captain's locker? (I think this is what got me confused actually)  If it is, it means he knew about the creepy swimmies down there for quite a while.   *OR* this is set in Lovecraft's universe, and the whole gig (especially the thing with the 20 escape pods) was like a sacrifice by the Cthulhu cultists to awaken the beast. But then fkn Cthulhu wouldn't be taken out like a bish by a damn human made explosion.  I think this movie wants to diddle it's cake and eat it too, to be honest. That's why the main hero is girl Eminem.  ***Yea, just googled it a bit, and read the commentary, and I was right. They ''give nods'' to Lovecraft, but they do it with one of the main character's personal effects, which isn't touched upon. Sloppy. Also, here's the cake part in action:  _23. They mention during the end sequence that it’s great seeing Norah and Emily (Jessica Henwick) save the day even as they have to carry around the dead weight that is Liam (John Gallagher Jr.). “It’s very progressive but also speaks to that awesome tradition in science fiction that’s been more progressive.” They neglect to mention that the women are in their skimpy underwear while Gallagher is wearing boxers and a shirt, but their point still stands._
11:00 having experienced this and never actually looked up why, it makes sense. Getting into fights or just extremely emotional moments in my youth, I remember teachers / parents asking "what happened?", and I'd have no memory, or enough of one to be able to explain what led up to an event or during.
now i want to play barotrauma
Please for the love of god explain whatever the FUCK “almond activating” mean’s because ive watched practically every video of yours and still have no idea what it means 😂
totally agree with you on subnautica, shit is fucking terrifying even if it is beautiful and fun 😂
I honestly like to think the origins of these creatures is a mix of both Water Apes…or Sea Monkeys if you will, as well as Cthulhu. My thought is the water apes came across the gigantic cthulhu in their early years of development, and as they drank its blood like vampire bats, as well as fed off its scraps from its own meals they were rapidly changed. Cthulhu has always been a mix of natural & supernatural elements, being literally an alien form of life that came to earth…which has also been around since around the time of creation & the Big Bang. In a lot of ways it’s almost described as a fallen angel or dethroned & exiled deity from another planet forced to have a physical body. To me the biggest monster of this film though, is the fact that everything is so dark it becomes frustrating to even watch because you cant see what’s going on.
This comment was written by an anglerfish for the Youtube algorithm (also an anglerfish).
8:03 That would have been their first implementation
I like when he says "People say I should do Subnautica, but I won't and here are the reasons why" and then he proceeds to list the exact reasons why he should play it
Subnautica is the scariest game I have ever played and the first time I played it was in VR. I am no longer than man I used to be
Help Roanoke. I'm a living example of humans starting to lose our pinkies and no one believes me. How do I save 5% on my car insurance if no one believes me?
I love Cthulhu
love this movie. As a fan of the deep ones and cthulhu I like the idea that it is our big primordial boi. that being said I personally dubbed this monster uhlthraka for no other reason than the lack of mind bending lovecraft voodoo. that and another youtuber has already used uhlathuta so do with that what you will.  Edit: can we get a Deep star 6 (1989) or Leviathan (1989) video?
My understanding of an implosion at depth is that while there would 100% be a shockwave that passed through the surrounding water, however with such a small 'container' the others around the implosion would most likely only visibly see the pressure wave, if anything.
How do you get a good big budget Cthulhu movie made? Call it underwater and advertise it like a disaster movie.
what kind of bata are you if subnotica dose that to u
22:25 Realistically, if this creature swallowed someone it would come out of the situation arguably worse off than either the *Giant Worm* from GoW2 (Gears, not God of War) or that one shark from the first Sharknado that ate someone whole.
Wendigoon Roanoke collab when?
I lay the responsibility of this clusterf*ck solely on Netanyahu. If he wasnt so concerned with keeping himself in power, maybe Hamas obvious attack would've been stopped before it began.
This reminded me of an episode of The New Adventures of Johnny Quest where something similar happened and freaked me out
someone just called out H.P. Lovecraft for being boring. Roanoke is really on that sigma male grindset (did i use that right?).
Subnotica: Hey do you have a deep fear of the ocean?  Me: No?  Subnotica: Would you like to?
Getting swallowed whole alive is a scary trope, but in nature, very few animals tend to do that as it is a very dangerous strategy. The insides of your body are soft and mushy so a prey animal trashing about is bound to do some irreparable damage to what is in fact a very sensitive and often frail part of an animal's anatomy, the intenstinal tract.
I like the vanilla moon pie but no one carries that only chocolate or banana yuk
Survival games is my jam, but Subnautica gives me nightmares.
Wouldn't the part of sealed off see run out of oxygen thrugh the houdreds or thousends of years? Or are there some organisms in the water that can produce oxygen in the darkness.
ok ok, no subnautica, maybe, but you HAVE to cover scavengers reign
Great theory but yeah, the movie director actually confirmed that it is straight up cthulhu
8:04 combat scenarios with what? i cant make it out?
roanoke- thse videos are gettin longer.....   ME- YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEESSS MOOOOOAAAR
Director said that it is definitely Cthulhu
Moon pie = upstate Maine, except we call them whoopie pies.
0. The director said the monster is Cthulhu and the movie parallels the story The Call of Cthulhu rather closely.  1. The spider in the sink is Cthulhu in Ry'lea, and her helping the spider out is mirroring the humans releasing Cthulhu at the same time. That's why you hear a low roar as soon as she frees the spider. 2. The company is the cult from the story.  They know Cthulhu is down there and the company employees are the sacrifices. That's why the first time they tried to release Cthulhu it didn't work, and they sent more people the next time. And it is kind of implied that the Captain is in on it being a cult member as he survived the first time, and did the exact same thing the second time with the escape pods.  3. The captain knows about Cthulhu and the Deep Ones, that's why he sends the escape pods up and not getting in them. He was there the first time it happened.  Remember, only 2 people survived so all those in the escape pods in the beginning of the movie died, and the captain knew they would die and sent them anyway.  3. In the story, people start going insane when Cthulhu wakes up. That's why that character thinks his rabbit stuffed animal is alive. And why the captain can't remember the details of his daughter, and why Kirsten said that things are weird down there at the beginning. 4. This has happened before, Stewart finds out when she visits that abandoned section as it actually shows the deep ones and how this event happened once before. That's why the captain didn't get in the escape pod on the begining, he knew he would die if he did.  5. The Deep Ones are there to protect Cthulhu. That's why they come out first. 6. There is a quick shot of a really weird looking octopus, that's Cthylla, Cthulhu's daughter. Also, this was the original design for Cthulhu.  7. the deep ones used to be humans before reaching a certain age when they start to transform into the Deep Ones and head out into the ocean, that's why they look like humans.  8. Kirsten's boyfriend who just vanished scuba diving could have been a Deep One as they start life as a human before changing into a Deep One and going into the ocean for the rest of their lives.  9. For the company to be drilling for oil, they would not have used a drill so large as to give enough room for Cthulhu to escape through. At the end where all the deep ones are attached to that gets lifted away is the drill head. It's FAR TOO large for oil drilling. The company needed it to be that large for Cthulhu to escape through.  10. It's a great modern movie about the Call of Cthulhu.
i absolutely need you to tell my almonds what abt subnautious sucks
21:21 Looks a bit like a Sangheili to me, sir...
2nd day of asking. Can you check out Wer movie from 2013?
honestly i really like the scientific approach to explaining the "species" of the deep ones which is what these boys are supposed to be effectivlt the servant species of cthulu and his demigodesk offspring also often called "starspawn"  likely a artifical species due to the fact they seem so humanoid and even can interbreed with humans though eventually said offsrping will always become a pure deep one so i guess cthulu just added some of his "dna" into some human worshippers to create them.  so the scientific process of trying to describe them fits lovecraft very well as there supposed to be natural entitys simply alien to human understanding.  so they do have flesh they do have substance just of a sort we havent encounterd before like the shoggoth and the Yith effectivlt just aliens compared to outright beyond matter like the outer gods such as azathoth and yog sothtoh.  this also explains why cthulu despite being such a inteligent seemingly godlike being can still be knocked unconscious by plain kinetic force to the brain be it a whirlpool ramped up boat to the forehead like in the original story or a atom bomb to the cranium like this movie.  he like all great old ones is still made of matter and still somewhat effected by physical forces and energy so you could disrupt there flesh function and consciuness with enough force and energy applied directly just cant kill them permantly.
The Bible says the waters sprang up from the deep, during Noah's flood.
And lets not 4get its #ScienceWeekend wit Roanoke always! lets get it trendin & im ready i got my popcorn chicken & cup of Glytch Energy (Smurf Juice flavor) & bag of Takis chips! LETS GOO!!!
He knew the helmet was defective. He rather risk his life than hers. Its in the scene as they are assessing the suits...FYI. Chitulunalso can cause intense mental strain. Quite possible, he could have been effected by that. But that's potential speculation.
The big one is Dagon.
37:55 The corporation: We will rather spend money to kill Chtulu than to stop the operation
I died during open heart surgery and I lost all my memories beforehand but couldn't remember lifetimes in another realm
You've now seen someone who buys moonpies. Me. I honestly enjoy moonpies, and ever since I got into the car accident I did last year and ended up blowing out many of my teeth on the concrete when my head hit it, moonpies are nice and soft and easy to eat. Maybe that's how they stay in business... people who get into accidents that affect their jaw, and need a treat that's soft and easy to eat... lol.    P.S. - I too have thalassaphobia, and cannot play games like subnautica. Ive tried, but i end up having a panic attack as soon as i get away from the shallow water towards the deep. Every. Single. Time.
love this movie
From my understanding the original point of Cthulhu and other such cosmic horrors is they're supposed to be natural in their existence, and only supernatural from the simplistic way of thinking of human minds.   Also aquatic apes? So Sea Monkeys...
U DONT KNW HOW HAPPY I AM 2 FINALLY HEAR OR SEE DA DAY U MADE MY FAV CREATURE MOVIE VID!!! I WAS GOIN 2 MAKE A VID OF MY OWN BOUT IT CUZ DA MOVIE "UNDEWATER" INSPIRED ME SO MUCH IM WRITIN MY OWN CONCEPT SCRIPT BASED OFF DA MOVIE IM EXTICED FOR PPL 2 READ IT OR MAKE A FULL MOVIE FROM IT.
seen that movie, I think the deepsuits look more like starcraft marine armor, do subnatica but use videos not game play to make it easier
i believe its more of a gender dimorphism situation with the smaller creatures and C'thulu, much like how the male Angler fish are a fraction of the females size
Ggggggggg
You kinda look like Dave Matthew’s
Call me crazy but I think roanoke doesn't like the ocean (me neither, thalassophobia is a cruel mistress)
Yes a human can. Kamala Harris has swallowed so many humans, that she became the second most powerful person on the planet
Where is the hat the long hair who are you lol imposter
Angler fish are responsible for everything bad :3
8:39 implosion would create a cavitation event, which does have a rebound/recoil effect. I dont know that itd be that dramatic though.
If you watch the end credits the company that sent them down there has some esoteric origins
If I ever make some fictional creature, I'm hiring you
This one was really fun
More like Broanoke
Haha, jokes on you, Roanoke, for my brain is retarded and triggers my fight or flight instinct when speaking to strangers in any capacity. In fact, I can become jitteringly nervous just watching YouTube videos (like this one because fuck the ocean)
guys i think he has beef with anglerfish
Alright so I guess iron lung is out too?
In the scene where Smith is looking out at the drill site and says it’s a multi ton drill, what could have torn it up like that? The camera cuts back to the captain and behind him is a large embossing of Cthulhu. You might have to adjust the brightness of your screen just to see the actual embossing, but there is a rounded head with tendrils at the mouth, an arm, and a coiled eel like body. When Nora is looking through the captain’s locker there are hints that he was interested in the occult. I love this movie and these breadcrumbs that let the audience explore ideas of ulterior motives by the company and or the captain.
I actually theorized that this giant creature could be a filter feeder on a massive scale by running water through its body to cool itself down and feed on plankton and other microorganisms at the same time.
gears of war cog armor
NO! That is just a fish....and humans like to eat fishes:]
1:15 I remember seeing a video of someone claiming that "fossil" fuels didn't really come from decomposed life (or at least that it didn't have to). Basically, when they first started to really look at what oil was they found decently complex hydrocarbons and thought "had to come from life" but like you said, how do we even really test for that?
I love how papa Roanoke is so anti angler fish in this vid
Well the director said that’s just straight up cathulu and this movie is inspired by a board game. The creatures that are nesting inside cathulu are inspired by the Surinam toad, which incubates/nest her eggs and offspring in her back. The company is called tian industries, as in lovecraftian, so yes the company knows what it’s doing by drilling where they are as they are lead by a cult trying to summon cathulu and the bases and people are sacrificial offerings to the eldritch god.
Nice vid. So when's the Reaper Leviathan biology vid?
🐙
Roanoke, do me a favor and STOP SHOWING ME HORRIFYING FOOTAGE OF PLACES WHERE MAN SHOULD NOT EXIST, I'M BEGGING YOU.
Also I'm going to hell cuz the ending of the mist makes me rotflmao
Wait oh shit i like underwater or deep water but only seen it onetime and im not supposed to have seen it yet !
I say it's somebody like Bella being in such a job environment. The Abyss was much more accurate about who would be working an oil rig.
Man what did the angler fish do to you?
i hope the statements in the beginning are just for creating tension cus you just said a whole bunch of bs there XD
Poor.child 😂 I fear police and crack heads tho. Same experience just different settings😂
My thalassophobia comes from two events: the first being when I went with my dad and brother to the beach in the Outer Banks and my dad was fly fishing at night and, on the back swing, managed to snag a chunk of my neck, and my dad thought it was stuck on the sand or something so he tried yanking to free it, not hearing my terrified screams. He then took out the hook and had me walk about to the rental house by myself, in the dark, bleeding from my neck. I was 10. The second instance was a few years after that when we visited family down in the Florida Keys and my great uncle that we were staying with took us out on his boat to a reef. I'm already nervous because the ground is easily like 30+ feet below me when I jump in, but almost immediately, I become hyperaware of a full sized barracuda just... Watching me. I know in my heart that there's no danger, but when you see THOSE teeth and their owner is just hovering there, menacingly, all that rational thinking goes out the window. Ever since, I don't go further into the ocean than I can comfortably stand because goddamnit, that's where our feet are supposed to be, on the ground, and I am NOT going back into the primordial soup.
bro does NOT like angler fish
Good job Rg
vore
Gib me subnautica
moonpie eating vid when?
Dude, I know this is a longshot, but have you considered covering the speculative biology of books? It may be something for Roanoke tales, but it's an untapped market. Or maybe horror tale analysis (Creepypasta diseases) like when you did SCP vids.
Moonpies are the best bro
"im 31" you ok there grandpa? need anything to drink
https://i.imgur.com/kZ5i5Mx.png
I’m from Louisiana but live in Canada now, but the moon pie business is being completely afloat by Louisiana i guarantee you, during Mardi Gras there’s a moon pie parade where they throw nothing but moon pies lmao, love those fucking things
Scared of the ocean than don’t play Subnautica, But otherwise a good game.
Roanoke, the cthulhu mythos isnt supernatural, cthulhu is literally an alien life form, that used our rock as a fucking naptime hole. do you do any research other than anatomical ?
Fun fact if i remember right the director of the Movie friends with Gunner Wright. For those of us keen on that name hes our favorite stomping angry Gorilla engineer. Anyway, Gunner is in the first segment of movie where the shuttle is collapsing hes one of the two guys running before Stewart closes the door.
I think you got Shepherd station and Roebuck mixed up. The Roebuck was the newest and largest drill head, where the monster emerged. Shepherd station was the first survey station and had been abandoned.
I have a feeling that Roanoke really doesn't like Angler Fish
Hmmmmmm I wonder if Roanoke likes anglerfish.
Natural species for sure, but Cthulu inspiration
Rodrigo did know it was cracked, he noticed it while handing them out and specifically saved it for himself without telling anyone
Im pretty sure its based more on Dagon than it is Cthulhu
Do Subnautica, don’t be a bitch.     (I’m joking, but also not because I’ve been wanting it since before you became RoanokeMovies, so :p )
An awesome video to follow as always ,  from a french viewer , keep up the good work Roanoke :)
So, living under the ocean wouldn’t be that hard once you tackle the whole crushing pressure issue. Plenty of water to cool fission reactors which can then be used to get oxygen and hydrogen which can then be used for other things. With aquaponics and UV lights growing food is a nonissue, and well the fission reactor can be used to clean sea water. Now you’ve got all your essentials provided you can set up a shelter to not die now all you’ve got to do is get yourself some entertainment and you’re set.
Uh...isn’t that Cthulhu?!  28:04
9:08 Just for the record. Rodrigo 100% knew that helmet was faulty. If you rewatch the scene where he inspects the helmets, he notices the crack then looks up to Nora. His personality is why he specifically gives Nora the good helmet.
Would you consider putting the numbers on screen when you break down the cool guy math? It'd help me process and glean more info from your videos.
Where did you find the stats on how much it takes to sever a human head...
Roanoke you are the best creator on this platform dude, the videos are always so high quality, please dont retire anytime soon 😭
At 32:58 you can still see the legs, having your theory of there being deeper pockets of water deep in the earth, what if this species comes up to give birth to there young, they have there legs as the "toddler" phase then there bodies stsrt to grow into the tail and they swim deeper into the earth🤔
I really enjoyed this movie, alot of folks said they didnt but i loved it alot! Personally i think it could easily be a natural species as well.   As for some things mentioned, i think a pressure valve would be nice but dunno if it could be easily made to work on a suit at that depth. Creating any kind of opening just invites the pressure from the outside in which is a similar reason why i think the suits dont have an ability to link together. Could you figure something out for this? possibly but from what the show seemed to be leaning towards the company that built all this didnt really give a shit enough to put funding towards this tech and just sent em down with the cheapest gear that they can survive with .
Keep up the good work and content Roanoke!
Did anyone else catch that ocean gate joke? XD
Fta
I know this movie wasn’t very good, I still liked it though.  Mainly just for the very end lol.
Whats with all the animosity towards angler fish? 😂
a voraphilian fantasm.
Are you related to Administrative Results? You seriously resemble him. It's nuts.
Return to monke
Why do they look like they are wearing COG armour from gears? They even have those weird circles on the chest.
Love the  quote "you break our toys, we break your species"
Roanoke what is your problem with the angler fish?
the hilarity that he keeps bringing up anglerfish, when most angler fish are smaller than the average adults hand,  even the biggest species we know about only gets about as big as a cat,  they are literally harmless.
Hey, I also have tinnitus, and sleep music helps me at Night, or having a fan running. Idk, just trying to hel0
Hah!, I too, am of the 92' vintage, ALSO have a fear of the depths of the oceans (though it stems from when I was a child I imagined the land masses all floating, and feared getting sort of sucked in under the land mass, yeah the continents and all that) and ALSO I have effing tinnitus, a dull eiiiiii. Having a normal fan on in the bedroom helps dulling down that noise though. Edit: And I TOO (I'm shouting now) have found and much like watching @internethistorian, he's really funny, though, a bit slow on the new videos uploaded. FYI; Anyone heading over to his channel, be sure to add a comment saying "when's the next video coming IH?" or some such.
Now I need to play Narcosis again
The dissolving of Tom Holland when "we start dying at 28" was perfect
Subnautica you say
Thalassophobia ain’t a problem if you kill everything that’s a threat. Just ask the Leviathan’s in my subnautica game!  Stay strapped!
So much for an explanation lol.. In the film, Cthulhu has been reinterpreted and simplified as a very large organism, and has no known supernatural powers, sapience, or extraterrestrial origins. Nor does the sight of him invoke madness and insanity in the other characters. In the plot, Cthulhu is the alpha creature to a large swarm of underwater spawns, possibly Deep Ones or Xothians, but also never named in the film. He seems to behave with normal animalistic instincts, with no true malice. He acts as a kind of guardian of the abyss.
Paul was also wrapped up in wire, that probably helped rupture his suit
Roanoke is throwing all the hate towards angler fish because thats his childhood trauma
I think this is an attempt at a more scientific take on Cthulhu, cause if there's anything I know about it, it's that it's followers are mutated Humans that turn into fish monsters. Pretty cool take, especially setting the whole movie at the bottom of the ocean, cause really, we don't know what's down there.
Fun fact: the director said the creature was ctulhu just to get hype and views. It's Dagon everybody knows it
the species are the deep ones dude, its literally cthulhu mythos.
I think there was a bunch of meta information about cults and the company digging specifically to find something?  I actually really liked this movie but not much is actually touched on about the spooky stuff that is hinted at.  Kinda like how there's this whole crazy history surrounding the cloverfield universe but even more obscure.
Holy Shit! It's the top of Roanoke's head. Where are your shoulders?
I mean... I know some women that have swallowed thousands od children so probably.
A video on this movie has been in the back of my mind since it came out, score! Sometimes I forget you're not just a disembodied voice with a face I made up in my head to match it lol. Liking the more frequent appearances! Keep up the dope content Roanoke you rock!
The Water in the Earth's Mantle isn't liquid.  It's saturated in the Rocks down there.  Plenty of examples have made it to the surface thru volcanism.
You should try barotrauma
I absolutely LOVE the deep sea (and subnautica). marine biology is literally one of my biggest autism hyperfixations haha
Roanoke clearly has a vendetta against Angler Fish
Already at 0:00  Wait, what?!   Oh okay you just worded it really weird. Ringwoodite is in the Earth's mantle, to a quantity equivalent to 3 - 4 times our oceans. You showed the small stone on screen as you said it so I thought it was some kind of tsunami grenade.
Dude, you don't have to worry about anglerfish. They're all under 18in/45cm long.
It's the implosive reverb. When all the pressure rushes in from all directions all at once, it hits its own wave internally and bounces off itself, creating an almost equal outward explosive force. Underwater, it'll even create an effect called "Sonoluminescence", wherein the collapse is so intense that some so far unknown force causes it to emit light and generate a sudden and intense amount of sudden heat in the realm of 12,000 Kelvin.
Bruh subnautica is a dope game but there is never a minuet where im not white knuckling it. I never go out at night and i hate being in the darkness. Fuck the ocean lol
Nah bro deep sea creatures are awesome
I thought this movie was our first look at Cthulhu?
30:07 you've probably meant the Giant Squid, which is also shown on the Picture. As far as I know a Colossal Squid was only filmed once, a juvenile next to a Fishing Boat
Apparently Roanoke has an issue with anglerfish, lol.
I wonder if the whales go so deep down because there is no life, think about it it's kinda like they're going into a sensory deprivation tank, this is less weird when you think that they use essentially pulses to see they're going so low to sense less things and thus relax, idk  perhaps?
Roanoke over here just shitting on the angler fish
Im 23 and fuckin love moon pies. So tasty
1:59 he's not wearing a hat! It's a body snatcher!
What type of drugs does this guy do before watching movies? His interpretations are so far off the mark every time.
Juat came to say, also fellow Georgian, I'm probably wingle handedly keeping moonpies going. Love the banana flavor ones 🤷🏾‍♂️
I hissed when the "Math" text appeared on the screen. Lol
From what i can see it appears to be like a DnD monster called an abolith. Mostly because they are deep sea fish monsters that sakrete a mucus that can mutate a creature into fully aquatic.
Definitely natural animals. Gotta sit with my 4runner bro roanoke lol
I'm sensing Roanoke doesn't like Angler Fish, not that I blame you, I've been scared of them since Finding Nemo
The ”tiny” creatures may be the star spawn if the big one is Ctuhlu.  🤷‍♂️
I seen renders of this monster a looong time ago, but didn't knew it was part of something.   Thats awesome!
Man, who knew how much Roanoke absolutely hates angler fish? 😂  Amazing video, can't wait for the next!🎉
Thanks!
Captain Roanoke: The Nemesis of the Anglerfish
Moonpie's shouldn't exist huh? What about Swedish Meatballs? Thats the worst food I've ever had! Try em out sometime, if you ever feel like raping your tastebuds.
Something tells me he is not a fan on angler fish XD
That scene of the captain getting dragged to the surface reminds me of whales taking squids to the surface of the ocean for the air to implode their bodies do u guys think they were trying to portray that?
Earbuds with ambient noise controls can be a huge help with tinnitus, in my experience. I use the galaxy pods pro, the first gen of them, they really make a world of difference.
The only thing I didn't like about this movie is that they hired gunner wright(Issac Clark VA) but he's no where to be found he had a part to play but never seen
22:00 smash
I´m throwing my voice in with the chorus, but people, including the filmmakers, keep calling the monster Cthulhu is completely wrong! That´s Dagon residing over the Deep Ones. Yes it´s lovecraft, but completely different monster.  The aquatic primate hypothesis doesn´t hold water for me, sadly. There´s no evolutionary pressure for them to be where they are or look the way they do. They are humanoids where humanoids shouldn´t be. Also on the maps in the locker there´s lots of clues about rituals and the supernatural.
The Doom marine at the end lol.  DM: I like my rabbit she is smol and lovely.  Demon: **Kills it** lol squish!  DM: **cocking force multiplier** You know I'd never considered going to hell until now.  Demon: ..... DM: I wont be trapped in there with you. YOU will be trapped in there with ME.  Demon: **Screaming**
Longer videos are GREAT! I sometimes listen to them to help fall asleep and when I don't, they help to pass the time
Its hilarious how the director threw Cuthulu in there at the very end and pretends it was the plan all along.
I actually really enjoyed this film and I don't know how to feel about that. I am 30 so I'm 2 years into starting to die. Maybe that could be why?
Hey you should play SOMA. Totally up your alley.
Roanoke, you should not have told people you are terrified of Subnautica. Now your fans will bother you even more to play it, knowing full well the game puts scares you immensely... and I am one of those fans. >:)
❤
Haircut looks good!  Looking like a gigga Chad.  (No sarcasm.  Looks good!)
21:58 They're the Trench!!!!
It’s crazy that an angler fish caused all of this
So it there suits just gears of war armour?
Director confirmed it is Chtulhu.
I have a working theory that the laws of physics are completely different at the very bottom of the ocean than on the surface
Natural species.  None of the humans went mad
Roanoke should play Soma
these monsters look like Ningen. its a japanese ocean cryptid. Ningen translates to Human. isnt that fun?! XD
That nefarious anglerfish
The film makers of underwater had said it is cthulu, Mr h reviews had did a review of this film when it came out as well
“Gears 5” lol
As a fellow tinnitus sufferer i feel your pain. I was told when i was 21 i should consider hearing aids. Im 34 now, and i already had for about 3 or 4 years prior to that from an incident that id probably be in prison now if knew id be permenantly deaf as a result of it. Ive had tinnitus for half my life at this point and it only gets worse.
I love Subnautica.  Saying that, I would never actually leave the shallows if I somehow magically ended up in the game. I don't go in the Ocean but I love to look at it.    Aquatic apes are a huge stretch. How long have whales been entirely aquatic?  They'd have started going aquatic before the apes.  No way would apes be able to survive without having to going up for air. I think it would have to be something that we haven't seen in the fossil record.  It and grabboids would get along well in that respect.
Just when you think your collarbone was safe. Roanoke strikes again.
My mans Roanoke got a vendetta against angler fish
great stuff!
This movie was amazing
That's Gears 5, not gears 4, ya n3rd. Swear to god
Ka thew loo  / C-thulu 👍👍
Natural species. If it was the great dreaming one then everyone would go insane after seeing big fishy
08:30 I had to stop the vid to tell my wife about that oceangate comment. lol
Weird seeing him as a real person and not just a disembodied voice.
In the time it took me to watch this it generated 12k views gdamn we're a curious bunch
Dude wtf I thought these were actually new discovered species. Disappointing, didnt know it was a movie
They do have eyes. 27:18 the ones waking up on the "ceiling" all have reflective lenses like a cats.  Obviously as mentioned they could be useless and only reflecting light due to nonuse. But they do exist. Probably redundant though.
It's actually terrifyingly funny how little Humans know about the planet we live one, the animals we live with, and even our own bodies, much less space and what's out there. We barely even have a proper grasp on the fundamental building blocks of everything. Genuinely, if we ever wanted to do proper space travel of any sort to get anywhere, we might actually just need to say fuck it at some point and go for it. As far as fossil fuels go, I thought it was the compressed remains of ancient plant matter? And the whole reason those fuels exist is 1, because of one of the mass extinction events in the past burying everything suddenly, and 2, because back then insects and fungi hadn't evolved to eat a certain chemical in the plants that allows them to undergo the fuel making process under pressure and heat.
A creature mostly being a vore Lover's Dream
There's a cracked video about things actors do you can't forget. Kirsten Stewart bites her lip like she's tasting it. Now you won't forget that in her movies. Also, you're breathing manually now.
As a certain YouTuber once said "F**k the ocean"
Nitrogen narcosis
Wasn't Ringwoodite decovered in 1969 in the tenham meteorite 🤔 but wasn't fully understood untill a few years ago?
Great vid as always Roanoke. Btw, have you seen any of Thought Potato's cryptic biology videos? I think you'd find them really interesting.
Cosmic wind has H2O in it noctaluscent clouds at night at high altitudes are it entering earths biome and the moon has mists, lol. No really. Honest.
Play subnautica
Good Lord Youtube has so many ads now
Didn't know broanoke hated angler fish so much
So glad you covered this!!! Underwater is one of my unexpected favorite horror movies. Im loving the speculative biology your doing its so fun!!
Nice fma reference
1,147Th commenter.
It’s NOT Cthulhu! It’s Dagon! I don’t care what the DiReCtOr says! He’s wrong. If the director of Finding Nemo said that Nemo was actually a dog, he’d also be wrong.
Isn't Cthulhu said to be so terrible to behold that you loose your sanity? So if she looked at it, she would go insane but she didnt, so natural creature?!
I think Roanoke should 100% do subnautica. Tbh I have bad thalassophobia but subnautica is just that good that I played through the crippling fear. I just had to play it during the day both in game and irl and never ever look down. Also I would skip through the surface of the water if I was in a dangerous area and used markers everywhere so I always had an idea of where I was and where I needed to go. The sea moth made the game much easier to play as my fear subsided a bit since I wasn’t in the water anymore. And the prawn suit was the best cause I could at least punch whatever was scaring me lol
Oil is specifically made from algae and phytoplankton from the carboniferous period.
@roanakegaming the director said it was Cthulhu and when sterwart looks in the captain’s locker he has a drawing of Cthulhu
The one thing I was able to glean from this video if anything else, is that Roanoke really likes angler fish
After years of watching i have finally seen his face lol
Reminds me of a game called 'Water Womb World.' Undersea horror is an underutilized concept and i'm so glad there's more.
Based on physics estimates of the planet's composition, there should be something like 10x the ocean's water at mantle depths and lower. The liquid crystal super oceans.
After watching this, I can conclude that Roanoke has a fear of angler fish
Dude that first fact you layed down was the frist I heard of this and it blew my mind.  Also have an new fear of that water being released 🌊
F*ck the ocean; full of unfathomable amounts of teeth and evil
Listen to this at .25 and hhahahahhha
Whole situation kinda reminds me of the situation when Humanity realized Coelacanth didn’t go extinct. Except it is a Sentient horror, not an old ass fish.
I have to agree with "things that can live in reality are more terrifying". As a kid,movies like Friday the 13th,Nightmare on Elm street etc never bothered me. Movies like fuckin Piranha,Jaws,Anaconda shit like that was absolutely hoffifying lol. I didn't go swimming for 4 months after watching Piranha lol.
is the new rock a plot thing or an actual thing, can someone link it to me i dont know what it is..  nvm
“Things that exist in reality are far scarier.” (Like Anglerfish)😅
Did the anglerfish rob you as a kid? You and them have like super beef lol
🤔I’m going to start using ocean gated any time something implodes from now on 🤣🤣🤣
Take a shot for every time Roanoke blames Angler Fish
There is a part where the humanoid creatures avoid light like on the platform before the captain falls. As for if its kathulu or a natural species... why not both? Many people thought dragons were real because of the fossilised bones and skulls of giant lizards were found. Aka dinosaurs.
Don’t worry about the pronunciation stuff. Cthulhu mythos names are supposed to be impossible to pronounce if I remember right.
Not to be That Guy but I think you might have mixed up "Colossal Squid" and "Giant Squid" a couple of times, they are two different species and colossal squids are fairly well documented compared to the giant squid which has almost only been studied through dead specimens.  That Guy time done.
I was told your body starts dying around 40, when the cells stop dividing the best. Was I lied to D:
Two words for this movie: *TITANUS CTHULHU*
Always happy when you drop a vid. Remember always stay strapped my guys & gals (Might be hard underwater unless you have specialized weapons but we pleebs cant get most). Keep it up my fellow southerner.
This is one of my favourite recent sci fi  / horror films.  There is a surprising amount of detail and environmental story telling. The guy with the cracked helmet, you can clearly see him picking up a cracked and a whole helmet when they are putting on the suits.  He looks over at Stewart's character, the implication he is going to give her the broken one.  It's only when his helmet beings to fail you realise he deliberately chose the cracked one.  The stuffed bunny was supposed to be replaced with a CGI version but the director decided against it after filming. From what I recall the creature at the end is supposed to be an Old One, the reason for Kirsten Stewart's character not going insane is she is short sighted (notice she was wearing glasses at the beginning and there are other clues during the film).  She never really gets a good clear look at it.  I'm not normally a fan of her performances but I felt she was very good for this role.
Anybody got the search terms for the newly discovered water body?
They are all female with one giant male is my guess
As an avid enjoyer of moonpies, I believe they were created in the city of R'lyeh by the Great Old Ones. They are a product of esoteric knowledge, and thus will never disappear.
why this guy math class give me goosebumps?😅
I was surprised how good this actually was considering kristen stewart is in it
Sgt. Johnson is my scientist
I was thinking Dagon and the Deep Ones when I first saw this movie.
"Before he got oceangated"lol come for the sci fi explanations & biology .stay for the dark nihilistic humour.
Could the similarities in facial features and other things between the big one and the little ones be because the little ones slowly began to look more like the big one so it would tolerate their presence better? If they resemble smaller versions of itself, then it might hesitate to harm them, like cats mimicking human babies, and even gaining infant-like features like large eyes.
On the leviathan it could be sexual dimorphism, an extremely large female, and several small males. or even different body plans for a caste system ala bees and ants. hell the leviathans extra tentacles.... could be attached sexually parasitic males, just like the ANGLERFISH; where the tiny males bodies physically fuse with the larger females
man has beef with angler fish
cmon Roanoke i  was so afraid to play Subnautica bit ita beautiful gotta stream it or upload vids
for some reason, i think roanoke does not like anglerfish
I love Subnautica. It does have a few different scenarios where it straight up horrified me though.
Rebreather
I think the Leviathans were natural creatures, if it were Cthulhu things would have gone very differently.
Praise be.
About the species, well normal animals are not humanoid looking, and these resembled the humanoid form a lot but also, they looked a lot like a D&D MIndflayer and given its habit of eating heads, they could be an aquatic subspecies of Mindflayers. However, MIndflayers are always very psionic, and I don't think these here exhibited any psychic abilities.
Fucking anglerfish >:V
Interesting note on the force required for decapitation. Thomas Edward Ketchum was hanged in 1901. He gained significant weight while in prison and due to a miscalculation in the hanging, his head popped off when he was hanged.
Didn't the director say it was Cythulu? And if it isn't, wouldn't it be confined to the deep because it would need the pressure to maintain it's form? Thought I read somewhere that things brought up from the deep kind of 'fall apart' because of the pressure difference.
this movie kinda reminds me of that game "SOMA"  just the walking on the ocean floor to get to another area part lol
The pressure release from the suit exploding might've been from the power source of the suit exploding when it imploded and crushed itself
"proceeds to get ocean gated"🤣
Heard someone say once that our brain is like a bowl of electrically charged tapioca pudding
A Roanoke/Internet Historian crossover would be rad.
I bought the movie hoping that I was getting a Cthulhu story but left thinking it was just creature feature.
These creatures remind me a lot of The Deep Ones, which are a species of creatures that inhabit the city of R’lyeh, AKA, the place where Cthulhu sleeps.   As a side note, did you know Chthulhu is far from the most powerful thing in the Lovecraft universe?
Side note internet historian is a bit of a nazi, so kind of a jontron situation where you just gotta keep that in mind when watching so that nothing… takes you by surprise.
Love the videos, man! However, I just have to mention that the creatures definitely have eyes. You can see the lights of Nora's suit reflecting in their eyes when she wakes them up in the tunnel.  Still a great vid, though! Just had to say it.
o Subnautica  want keep playing it butit scare me to much but the game is just so good  i will one day come over that fear and then play  Subnautica  2
When I was a child I was at Galveston playing in the surf. Since the water is pretty much the toilet of the ocean there's no way you can see everything that's going on. I swam into a swarm of jellyfish. I am 45 right now and I still remember vividly how much that hurt all over my body.
Moon Pies USED to be good. I assume (though I don’t know for sure) that they changed the recipe to make them cheaper? Same with all candies over time, I guess. Hershey chocolate didn’t used to be the worst thing ever, but here we are now.
So imagine being in the navy and being on deployment and watching this movie at night while you are also extremely terrified of the ocean 😆 🤣
I'm so happy I've never seen this film. But "unrealistic" shit like this is exactly why I couldn't be payed to go in any deep waters. I dunno how to swim, n I have never been more fine with that than after seein shit like this.
I believe the Director commented on how the creature is part of Cthulu mythos.
I am genuinely sad that Roanoke won't touch Subnautica because it's really fascinating to see what a biologist would have to say about creatures of 4546-b
Ask ur dad what he saw nigha😂😂
You SOB Im almost 31 too, why did you have to TELL ME Ive been dying for almost 3 years, I already feel like Im dying and now you just made it certain! lmao
I have 2 theories about the giant creature which would help with the biology of the smaller ones. A) the fact they are squid or octopus like suggested that they are much like the colossal squid which can have millions to billions of children who are waaaaaaaay smaller than itself and the largest is most likely at the end of its life cycle. B) they are bee like and the largest is their "hive" to which the smaller ones are workers who eat food and then produce a royal jelly for the largest to feed then using the shear size difference between it and predators to scare off attacks. But both of these theories are based around the possibility that the creatures only grow bone-like structures to not only help navigate the ocean but to help hunt larger creatures by using the bones like parts as a leverage point for greater strength.
There are other ways to feed of a large creature with out direct parasitesm shed skin wast bodily fluids actual paricites after birth or shed egg shells
I remember this film. I wish I remembered it better, and I wish I remembered that it *was* better.
Some people say repeating a joke makes it less funny over time. Clearly they've never seen Roanoke bring up Angler Fish before.
This is just reminding me of that one oil tube incident a bit ago
I really liked this movie, idk why so many people don’t
Cthulhu is extradimensional, I think, and not necessarily supernatural. More of a blip from another plane of existence that we're incapable of understanding.
So basically everything is the fault of Angler Fish
This REALLY looks like one of the concept art enemies from BioShock 2, except that one has two forms - a bipedal version that has skeletal parts covered in a membrane, whilst the underwater one is basically it going backwards like a cross between a really sleek squid & a warped transformer 😁  Google "Bioshock 2 concept underwater enemy" and it's the first one that comes up.   It looked AWESOME.
4 hour gang lol I woke up late
Maby this is the creature that inspired the myth of cuthul are ancient ancestors remember it in there pychic and that’s why we are so facilitated with him
Yea internet historian concordia vid was brutal. and had i bumped into some unknown creature while in the ocean id be done too. My childhood trauma was on the same level and I noped TF out of there .
You and your anglerfish
Great work as usual!  I really enjoy this movie.  Kristen Stewart does a lot better job acting in this movie than in Twilight.  It’s definitely worth a watch!
Lil baby man Roanoke camt play Subnautica? Incel behavior
You break our toys , we break your species .... I like that 😂😂
Subnautica ??
Still hoping that one day, you'll cover Days Gone and discuss how accurate the "science" behind the Freakers are
Cool
love this movie. thanks for the vid.
I vaguely remember a book series that ran with the idea that “Reality as we know it is an entirely localized phenomenon.” Science uh, fiction?
Roanoke theories. I would subscribe immediately
I mess with a moon pie just saying. They alright
You mispronouncing her name made it more bearable. 😂
The robux section? 🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑
people really slept on this movie, I really loved it, especially when you-know-who shows up...and it IS confirmed as being Cthulhu by the director. I was so stoked when I saw it the first time
Dude, they have eyes. You show screencaps from the movie where you can see the eyes like at 27:18
Considering the giant monster is, in fact, C'thulhu, the little ones, it's safe to assume, are Deep Ones, why they're bipedal can be explained by diving down the Lovecraft rabbit hole.
Subnautica is one of my favorite exploration games. The enemy AI is actually really dumb it is just that most people can't get over the primal ocean fear. If it is too much, then consider the game Dredge however that is less biology and more supernatural.
Lol Roanoke is Too scared of the Deep.
when you're talking about height, are you using a man, or a man in a pressure suit? i'd imagine the boots and helmet add a good few inches
I dont think his head got ripped off at 16:20. Judging by the face getting disfigured during the pull I think he got degloved.  Otherwise we'd see his head still in the helmet. I think his entire torso, arms and head were degloved as they were pulled through the hole that was where his right leg was ripped off. Like a manual version of the Byford dolphin accident.
The rapid decompression woulda instantly killed everyone
One thing that might be interesting to look at are the Tao Tei from The Great Wall. Movie is really nice and the whole communication system of the Tao Tei and how the queen controls all the others could be cool to cover.
"You break our toys, we break your species." If that's not the defining quote of humanity, I don't know what is.
This movie was amazing. The fact that it was completely filmed in an abandoned home depot or lowes that was damaged from hurricane Katrina is mind-boggling.  Side note: I loved all the concept artwork references; I'll be searching for them online after the video
Tried a moon pie for the first time they nasty 😂
Get a noise maker for your tinnitus. White noise is love and life.
The science of an implosion is interesting. Thunder foot did a video about what Happens when a Hull Fails at 1000 atmospheres. In short, water is compressible and when you got a breach the water in that area starts to depress. He explains that if water is compressed you foolishly open the sub's door then you instantly fill when the water depresses to fill the space. So regular pressure water is what get you not the high pressure stuff.
Bro you did not have to make me remember the ending of the mist with that clip, how dare you
. . .So off topic but in topic thanks to the Hypocampus those who play horror games would more likely fair well in a horror scenario?  After all if it's somewhat familiar, it could be argued we'd be better at adapting to it.  Furthermore if that's the case, then the concept of fiction could be an adaptation that our brains came up with as a preemptive 'worst case scenario' form of mental training. After all, how many times have you [READER] Thought about a Zombie Apocalyse and how to survive in it since the release of The Walking Dead, let alone other Zombie Franchises?  Also I'm pretty sure everyone knows now thanks to Alien DO NOT APPROACH BIG EGG. That said, we all know there's gonna be Darwin Awardees should any of these fictions become non-fiction.
Thank you for the math trigger warning
You could say this crew does not work well under pressure.     I'll see myself out now.
Thanks again for reminding me of the ring in my ear 😂
Yeah, you'd need to explain how these aquatic apes were able to breathe water again. The most aquatic of mammals still can't breathe water, so this thing probably developed from an amphibian like a salamander or newt.
Imagine if 28 is the cut off time to get immortality in the future.
Pretty dark
Wtf wheres cave man roanoke? Whos dis clean looking man ? D:
I get the feeling you're afraid of angler fish. Me too, bro, little monsters.
just stay in the shallows in subnautica and u will be safe
Deep ocean = very Hazardous for human body and mental stability
Huh... 3x the amount of water as the oceans, contained in an extremely tight volume by gravitational pressure. How interesting. I believe I recall someone calculating, just for fun, about how much water you would need to, I don't know, cover all of the land area on earth in water, all the way up to tip of Everest. Their numbers came out to about 2.5x the oceans. Not that that's at all relevant to anything. Math is so interesting.
I think maybe the captain was pretending his daughter was still alive. Maybe she died at 11, sure. But she lives on in his memories. She'd be 14, if she was still alive, and he knows she's not with him anymore. But he can have his fantasies.
" how little humanity knows about what's going on around us ". But we were definitely Monkeys.
That topic about talking to someone and making them think of something else, once I was doing my shift in the Psych Ward and I was by mistake locked inside a psychotically aggressive patient, I sat by his side and started talking about my favorite food while he was screaming his lungs off, 5 minutes later he was also talking about his favorite food too. That is very true and verified! Thanks for your video, and Congrats on your transformation, Keep it up.
Plot of needing to use a powered diving suit and walk around on the sea bed to reach a station reminds me of the game Narcosis.
That chest forrest though, now you just need a good ol`mustache, a white ferrari cabrio with jan hammer blasting :D  @7:10 Feet ? Pound ? OUNCES ?!  I swear you do that on purpose And not EVEN the metric version in the bottom Grrrr :D  Also, related to the "Running in a dream " thing. Could you explain that maybe ìn a video some day ?  I experienced that so many times , that i cant run, punch or even squeeze the trigger of a gun . And i saw a bunch of explanations but most of them were semi reliable.
Yo!!! You are the entire package man! Good voice and attractive.  Just dropped by the comments to compliment another king!
We love the longer videos bro. We appreciate the work you put into your channel.
Big bro actually drinks oil. He doesn't want to share
Putting aside my gripes with the dive suits as someone with a scuba diving license, these creatures kinda remind me of Black Swallower  Its a species of deep sea fish that have large expandable stomachs meant to hold prey much larger than itself, which is digested over an extended period of time The Black Swallower is only about 6 to 8 inches, but can eat prey over twice its length and up to 10 times its size  The reason for doing so is that since prey is so scarce it needs to make sure what it catches can last for a long time, and it isnt picky about what it eats It makes me wonder if these creatures having extendable jaws and loose stomach skin, as well as their tendancy to eat things in one go, is because they have similar feeding habits  So the creatures could eat large prey or scavange prey, like whale falls, and then spend long periods digesting it in between hunting for more prey
Excuse me while I scream into my popcorn because I love this movie! Always excited when Roanoke covers my favs.
day 8 of asking Roanoke to examine Tyranids from Warhammer, ill keep going til i get it, even it if takes years but keep up the incredible content
It is meant to be Cthulhu, the director says as much, but I feel this representation is more Dagon.  The Deep Ones, the fish people, are effectively immortal and will continue to grow as they age.  Dagon is one of the oldest.  Additionally, Cthulhu isn’t fully a material being and is able to effect people psychically.  In The Call of Cthulhu artists and sensitive souls were afflicted with nightmares and visions of Ryleigh, Cthulhu’s city and resting place during his brief period of activity.  Yet nobody in the film complain of any nightmares or headaches.
The movie was very short falling of what it COULD have been, it had a very cool story and premise.
It reminds me more of the kraken from clashnofntitans
I like this stupid movie but I have to say that in reality if an underwater facility were to leak in any way the entire structure would have gone crunch and the people would have gone goop within microseconds.
I have thalassaphobia and own both subnautica games something slaps about giving myself a panic attack funnily enough though im to chicken chit for scary movies
vada a bordo, cazzo
Vado a bordo, cazzo!
For the record, when he said "the colossal squid and anglerfish" then went on to give dimensions of an animal while showing footage of a squid...he wasn't describing the squid. He was describing the fish. The squid is big enough that it fights whales.
Anglerfish....ya know bud I'm js there's worse fish.😅
Knights of the Old Republic actually gave me a love of the deep sea. It's so weird.
I'm not 100% convinced the youngling is what broke open the escape pod--at least from the stills, I don't see how it could have gotten enough leverage to either pierce the pod or wrench it open (nevermind whether or not it actually has an appendage capable of piercing). I think more likely, one of the adults broke open the pod and found a tasty treat for Junior.  EDIT: Given the enraged adult that shows up to yoink ol' boy out his suit shortly after, I think my theory holds water (har-har). Daddy-mommy-fish investigates strange pod, rips it open, tasty treat for Junior. Anything capable of ripping someone out of one of those pressurized suits could certainly bust open a pod.
I love the real life rationalization of the final monster, but it is indeed supernatural. It's literally Cthulhu as confirmed by the director of the movie.
Ngl I was praying you would do this movie bro. I loved it
I was born with the fear of dark murkey water. If I can't see under me, or left, or right I'd just despawning right there.
Yessss somebody understands me with subnautica, that game is horror inducing brah cant shake it offff few games i just could not finish...
i think I get my dose of spook and fall vibes with your videos. I just shiver at the scientific information regarding what it takes to absolutly rip a body apart. Ive seen 1001 ways to die before and I just shiver everytime I think of the stuff. Especially the one about the guy getting steam rolled in the porta potty. I love the work cannot wait to get some of the merch. It looks absolutly dope. Love that I found you when I did <3   Also the Species looks like Cuthulu head on.
So what this videos segment on the tensile strength of a neck has taught me is any mid weight class high strength deadlifter and above could rip a human head off. Noted back to deadlifting heavy I guess.
Anytime a Cthulhu like monster movie or premise comes I immediately allow any stupid flaw or super unrealistic thing pass. Like decompression.
#fucktheocean
You already butcher Cthulhu's name, so its no biggie about the other names
My dad single handedly keeps moon pies in business. Now you know
I'm 90% sure colossal squids can weigh well over 800lbs, so way more horror factor. Rottweiler sized squid are still big sure, but they get bigger. Way bigger.
Those suit designs are great. Wish this movie did better at the box office, it's a good Alien clone.
Oh, you don't know how the Moon Pie company is still afloat? 😂I know how. Prison/jail distribution deals for commissary.
I would think is in fact Cthulhu.  What would stop humans of old seeing such a create and thinking it an eldritch supernatural being?  But now having more knowledge being able to explain this massive long living leviathan creature.   Maybe there is more? With more colonies of these sea apes?  We may see it now as a massive and semi intelligent animal, but humans of old may have worshipped such an animal as a God.
29:46 it is believed there are sub crust oceans cut off from the main surface stuff that may contain even more water than what we have up here. It’s the stuff of nightmares.
7:31 "Almond". An "Amygdala" joke, nice.
Am I the only one that noticed the ruins when they walk under water. Seems to me like its pretty important about their origins.
I agree moonpies are terrible
Deep water just fucks with me. alot of people compare it with space but i would choose space 10 outa 10 times
I don’t think they were going for any supernatural stuff but they wanted to sort of graze that boundary to emphasize how horrifying the deep sea is and just visualize our arrogance and the horrors that may exist just beyond what we can see.
Play SOMA instead ;)
For an attempt to make the movie about Cthulhu, it wasn’t bad. And from what I heard, the director did say yes, the big bad is Cthulhu. But take it however you see it, I just consider it massive sea monster, like a Leviathan.  Edit: HOLY SHIT HE CUT HIS HAIR 😮😮😮
Nobodey else appreciated Kristen wardrobe?
hope you never stop, i love these videos
Roanoke doesn't know the power of nostalgic good flavor. Banana creme moon pie yum, second favorite junkfood from my childhood. Favorite as Reeses peanutbutter cups.
The aquatic ape hypothesis has some merit but is largely dismissed by mainstream anthropology. It's still an interesting idea, though .
Angler fish is the rabies of underwater.
That's already an issue, water can't be compressed correct? How can you compress 3 times as much into a rock? Or did I miss-hear you?
SUUUUUUBBBBB-NAAAAAUUUTICAAAA!  DO IT NOW!
Internet historian mentioned = mandatory like
...juvenile... rofl you say youngling with such joy, like it's there just to enrage fanboys...
Love watching these. Your thoughts on these topics are always so fascinating.
Who is Kiersten Stewart?
6:21 Ah giusto. Schettino. Vedo che abbiamo fatto una bella figura anche all'estero ...
Actually I _love_ moon pies so I don't know what Roanoke is on about.  :P
"You break our toys, we break your species"
Here’s a comment to optimize the algorithm.
Ayyyeee, roanoke, you have thalassophobia
You maybe be a crackhead but you’re our crackhead ❤️
U talk like u r rippt like the rock but u look like a farmer.
Just stop mentioning science in your video because it's very clear you have no scientific background. Nobody ever theorized that oil came from dinosaurs. That's just some dumbass bullshit that was done for a marketing campaign for an oil and gas company. We have known exactly how crude oil is made underground for a very long time. You should go look it up. Please let science educators talk about science and don't try to shoe horn it into videos about horror movies.
Clearly these are mutant sangheili. Do you see the hunched neck, tall frame, and squid face?
You'd hate The Battle of The Atlantic  event in War Thunder the map is only like 800 ft deep but it's pitch black down there
I believe the depressionization explosions is probably the Power source from the suit popping
Oh boy let goooo!
Love the longer videos. Here's a comment for YouTube god's.
I am really enjoying the speculative biology and evolution discussion. Especially, with the rigor of scientific plausibility being the main focus and not "supernatural" shenanigans.
Another one for the books! Great job!
Bruh I can't handle the anglerfish scapegoat jokes, now I'm gonna be checking every body of water for devious anglerfish trying to murder me
The answer to your moon pie question is Alabama.
Deep wather and great white sharks ( after i got that beast inked on me i can look at them now ) and that's all i fear on this rock 😂👌 i bet my ancestors got eaten by sharks or died in wather or something 🤷🏼‍♂️  but i feel that " no " well 🤣
Unfortunately it's not sea monkeys. The director confirmed the giant monster is Cthulhu, which is really lame.
It's not hypothesized that petroleum came from dinosaurs - that's more of a colloquial misunderstanding. The current theory _(although it is "just a theory" it is backed by a tremendous amount of evidence and disproven by none)_ is that oil n gas come from the slow aneorobic decomposition of mass amounts of single celled bacteria - zooplankton and algae, diatoms - which were cut off from oxygen and then buried under sedimentary rock.  Those decomposition chemicals baking in high pressure for hundreds of millions of years made formed the complex bursting-eith-energy (just add heat) hydrocarbon molecules that make up petroleum.  Coal is essentially the same thing but instead of bacteria it's million-year pressure-baked plants.
That was gears 5 if my memory still serves me well
This movie was panned when it came out but I always thought it was pretty good.
Im still wondering what the meaning of the spider she let go in the beginning. Was it supposed to parallel the size difference and mercy the crew was to the final monster?
Okay, so the way you presented ringwoodite is very misleading. The existence of Ringwood night and the mantle transition zone means there could be as much as three times the amount of surface water trapped inside of the mantle.   Additionally, this was not just recently found out this was very first documented and calculated back in 1969.  Additionally, the water was not " forced into the rocks" this material contains a large amount of hydroxide ions that remains stable at the high pressure and temperature. They would become reactive as they came to the surface over time, but would most likely form large amounts of H2O depending on what other reactants it was around.  Please bear in mind I am not a chemist. My chemistry background stops at organic chemistry, so the part about how it would go from OH to h2o is definitely lacking some knowledge.
The Director has Confirmed the giant creature is in fact Cthulhu.
You really don't like Angler fish do you
Honestly, I think their suits look more like a combination of the combat gear from Gears of War and a T-51 Power Suit from Fallout.
I think you would enjoy looking into "The Darkest Hour" (2011). It is about an alien invasion in Moscow. Spoiler:  The aliens have some sort of cloaking/shield tech and they "see" electricity (with one weird plothole of them seeing fire too) Electronics react to the presence of the aliens and a makeshift microwave gun is used to defend against them.
It's now my life's purpose to see this man do subnautica vids  In all seriousness though, its has tons of material for vids, from leviathans to the infection you have in the game
I thought the big one was the queen and the smaller ones adapted their shape as a form of camouflage for the intended prey just like some forms of sea life really act. I think the small ones do have eyes but are covered by a membranes or not considering we never get a good look at them in the first place and what makes me think this is that the large monster had eye's thats why I think the small ones do to just harder to see.... But thats my opinion
Barotrauma the movie
First
If it exists, it's a natural species. We might not know everything about it, but given enough time we will figure all that out. Still not looking forward to the Dead Space mermaids from this movie though.
I think the humanoids cling to the big guy for warmth. In exchange, big guy gets a hunting party that can swim faster that it and bring it food/wound prey. It doesn't seem to swim/crawl very fast for an underwater creature.
Submautica was amazing but scary due to the isolation . There was points where i felt dreed and i loved it .
Yoo you're almost at a 1mil subs lets  go
Or the water was always there
If it was Cthulhu, Kristen Stewart would've gotten crazy on the first sight of him. So that's either a really big Deep One, a natural evolution, or something like Cloverfield.
Actually you could link the smaller creatures to Cthulhu if you assume the smaller monsters are actually Deep Ones, who are sort of Cthulhu’s creations/grandchildren, the fact they actually look vaguely humanoid would match up, maybe in this universe this is just what Deep Ones would look like when they breed among themselves instead of doing so with human like we see in Shadow over Innsmouth. Or this is just a population of Deep Ones who were sealed away with ol-octopus face and have adapted to being full underwater rather then the semi-amphibious existence they enjoy in other stories, the thing the company drilled into was actually the city of R’lyeth/the underground cavern it existed in.
I thought this movie could've been a good Alien adaptation. Like it's not related to Alien but the environment, suspense and intelligence of the creature made it feel like an actual good Alien remake could work. Unlike Covenant and Prometheus....they suck
cthulhu is natural, but we are black garden ants compared to him, just as we may find black garden ants annoying he would find us annoying, but just as the ants are no treat to us are we no treat to him. Also magic is just science we dont yet understand and same goes for anything supernatural which become natural when we understand it.
By definition, ic can't be Cthulhu. The Great Old One resides at these coordinates 47°9′S 126°43′W https://www.google.com/maps/place/47%C2%B009'00.0%22S+126%C2%B043'00.0%22W/@-48.1484119,-128.1883611,4.25z/data=!4m4!3m3!8m2!3d-47.15!4d-126.7166667?entry=ttu The leviathan in the movie was more likely Dagon.
Hey roanoke have you played Amnesia the bunker?
Did you miss the part where the CEO and Board members are part of a cult? I mean its basically cthulu with the serial numbers filed off. They built that drill and site because theyre looking for him.  Bro its literally Cthulu and deep ones. That is not a cop out. Lovecraft fans ate good once in like 50 years man let us have this one
So I can respect the stance on Subnautica.   Personally, I find it calming most of the time, but we already know I'm strange.  So now for the science.  I am not an expert, but I can think of 2 reasons why an implosion would cause an outward shockwave.  First, the water imploding in so fast will rebound after the collapse, the same thing happens in reverse during a normal explosion, the shockwave collapses and air rushes back in.  Basically, too much water trying to fill too small of a volume and the rest has to leave.  Secondly, everything in the imploded vessel is now super hot. Boyle's law in action.  The volume of the stuff went down to like 1/10,000th of it's volume with a corresponding increase in temperature.  So now that it's hotter it's actually got more pressure than the water outside for a fraction of a second and it pushes back out.  It could be a bit of both.  It could be something else entirely. Anyway, You should watch Blade of the Immortal.  You've never done any samurai stuff and you can answer the age old question, can worms keep you alive?
I actually really love this movie. Sea monsters AND Cthulhu type monster? Awesome. It's kind of sad how it got forgotten, so thank you for doing it, even though you're quite uncomfortable with the deep sea.
Ocean workers have reported seeing similar type creatures .. at least the head part of the creatures in the movie.   The person felt it telepathically paralyzed him. He gave up his super high pay job because of it.  Indian Sanskrit talks about the wars between various races of aliens that lived here before the rise of modern mankind.   One such is the beings that lived in the water whose race was mostly decimated .. a type of Mer people. .. look at Sumerian glyphs & carvings  I truly believe we still share our planet with beings that have lived here way before the rise of homo sapien sapiens ..   As far as the beings in the movie .. I think they're portraying a species of alien / Mer ppl if you want to call them that.  Matías de Stefano, I believe it's in the 2nd season of Initiation on Gaia channel .. talks about some of the beings that were here before us. One such were the people of the water.  Unfortunately much of this is hard to believe for most people because Govts shut down any & all talk & hide evidence about such things.   The famou Jacque Cousteau made a movie about all the amazing things he was discovering in the depths of the ocean.  The Govt stopped it's release .. confiscated all filmed material .. Jacques had filmed too much that gave hard evidence .. we share our waters with other beings not originally from this planet but have made it their home.  PS. They also live in mountains & caves far from large populations.  Historic facts from millennials ago become Myths by those who want to adulterate truths.
I'm 28 right now am I dead in this dead space of crazy bullshit of undead life
just watching this gives me anxiety from my fear of deep water/ the unknown and cannot play subnautica due to this
🤔well, maybe is a bipedal like creature because evolutionary converge, or maybe is just a Cthulu-ish thing🤷‍♂️😅 Thank you for the video.
I think Roanoke has issues with the Angler fish...
Love your videos Roanoke, been watching for a few years and I love the long ones!
Those freaking angler fish!!
Ah so fun watching this while working towards getting a scuba certification
That moment when Roanoke begins the analysis with "Starting with the..." And doesn't say "Feet"
FEET!!
We all know the true mastermind was the angler fish
I know i have a soft spot for this movie because it was my last time in theatre before lockdown but i think it syands on its own as fun under the ocean monster movie.
The creatures are called "Deep Ones". And the company couldn't even spring for back up air supplies. You think they'll give the next group adequate protection against ancient abominations?  The drilling is going to doom humanity. If Cthulhu gets out entirely (it seemed to be poking out of the hole in the sea bed) so we only see its upper half), that's it. Shows over.
You missed something with the captain's locker--he has drawings of the Cthulu monster that they meet, indicating that he had some awareness of the creatures. Also, the drilling platform is located in the same area as the city R'lyeh from the Cthulu story, and the smaller creatures are Deep Ones from the story.  Basically, what happened in this movie is that humans drilled through the ceiling of Cthulu's home and he came out saying WTF? Either this is supernatural, or some people on the surface knew about Cthulu (the drilling company and the captain) and Lovecraft made a supernatural story out of real deep-sea biology (like with the Giant Squid in Wells).
Sexual dimorphism can Easily explain the difference between the two creatures
What's the name of this movie?
What if it's a hive? All the bipedal ones are male and the big one is the only female, could be sexual dimorphism.
its crazy how the one thing scarier then vacuum is....TO MUCH of something, all of that water, so much weight and pressure that it crushes reinforced steel and what ever ells like its a thin tin can, physics is fucking scary lol.
Is there any chance the captain was saying how old his daughter WOULD be if she was alive? Honestly, that's how I took it. Great video anyways! 🙂👍
At least Kristen Stewart's character didn't try sleeping with the killer monster in this movie 😅
All I can hear is dethklok when seeing these things. MUR-MAI-DER MUR-MAI-DER MUR-MAI-DER
I suffer from thalassophobia, ichthyophobia(fear of fish), and Galeophobia(fear of sharks). So, getting through this was a challenge. Fun fact about Anglerfish Male's look completely different to the females. All the stereotypical anglerfish are females, while the males are tiny and fuse to the females. You should check out the movie Deep Rising. It's basically The posidon adventure meets tremors.
I recall the directors and writers confirming in a commentary that the creature is in-fact Cthulhu... So yeah... Good job rationalizing the biology! its always fun to do that with the more fantastical.
Those dammed angler fish
Small note, it's Gears 5 where Kait almost gets crushed by a building.
I don't mind seeing these videos become more speculative in nature. I really enjoy the channel just analyzing some of the freakiest creatures the human mind can dream up, and seeing Roanoke try to give a plausible explanation for it. Instead of just giving up and saying "a wizard did it" or whatever!
I think the theory about where oil comes from is that during the time frame when vertebrates were just starting to crawl out of the ocean, decomposers hadn’t evolved either so plants would just die and get buried by the elements and after millions of years they broke down in pockets rather than being distributed into the environment resulting in oil deposits.
Roanoke please stop showing your face in my oppinion you voice and face dont match not calling you ugly you are a beautiful speciman
The pressurized air around Rodrigo will immediately try to escape the depths. That means the air and water will try to rush out and will create a minor "blast." My grandfather described it as "watching a clam try to eat its own @ss."
I love subnautica, but yes, it does activate my anxiety like no other game ever. Especially with those freaking ghost leviathin's.
I think you put the giant squid instead of the angler fish on screen😭
Excited to see you cover this movie only because Isaac Clarke is in it
The Leviathan at the end of the Movie was confirmed by the director to be their interpretation of Cthulhu. In several of the lockers, you can see references to Eldritch things and in the credits, they allude to the company knowing what was down there and being called to it, especially after the Roebuck incident. The company's intention was never to really get to oil and such, but makes me think that they always wanted to release the Cthulhu being which is in line with the lore behind Cthulhu (Invading minds, influencing people, etc)  All in all loved this video - and don't worry about the pronunciations. If these are eldritch beings, then their names are equivalently unknowable and unpronounceable by people and such.
It's Cthulhu... but Cthulhu is a natural species.
MATH
Fun fact: According to the Bible, the water for the flood didn't just come from above.
I’ve heard someones theory that oil is a biproduct of microbial life deep in the earth.
Oh boy! Eldritch horrors beyond my comprehension!
Underwater + Cthulhu = rabies
Subnautica also gave me the heebie jeebies, though I don't think I have thalassophobia. Deep water never really envoked anything but a sense of calm in me, but being underwater + in an alien planet + scary mega alien fish comin' at me in a video game activated my almonds too.
Nothing like a moonpie and a RC cola. You gott try it. 😂
i never understood the spider why is it 11,000 meters below the surface how is it? fun fact the director confirmed in an interview that its his rendition of Cthulhu
Angler fish are terrifying
Us moon pie connoisseurs are very secretive in our consumption of moon pies, so much so that we will not allow others to see us purchasing them.
e
Parasite Eve book and Game. Please.
Awhile back I watched some other Youtubers review of this movie. They said that the oil company knew about the creature beforehand they just keep sending people down as a sacrifice to Cthulhu!
Rest assured I laughted every time you mentioned the Angler fish, unironically hahaha
I fucking love moonpies there so good
Note to self: do not watch this channel while high
Microwave your moon pies for 8 seconds. It's a world of a difference.
Just trolling now, but you should try 'Surviving the Abyss'
In an interview, the director stated that the levithan is based on Cthtulu
So the white creatures. I wonder if they were meant to be Ningen.
Bro what is your deal with angler fish lol
Anglerfish be wildin in the deep
“Big goober fish” - Jar Jar Binks
I wish there were more claustrophobic video games like soma or alien isolation  Hell, a first person signalis would be nice  The rustic industrial complex aesthetic is great
I'm not afraid of oceans but leviathan NOPE!
The big critter is still too small to be Kathulu.
I would say kinda both really.  I dont personally like the "Oh its alien / supernatural" cop out so I like to think its evolved over time and as someone with thalassophobia.. yea no thanks, this movie has me shaking in my pants.
This was the most anxiety inducing movie I have ever seen
In my own head cannon this movie is a pseudo sequel to the movie Life with Jake Gyllenhaal and Ryan Reynolds
I thought Kiersten Stewart did a great job and the practical effects were all appreciated
They should make a prequel but into a video game. The atmosphere, the fear of not knowing what’s all around you, that the suit could crush the character, I would buy the fuck out of that game.
Subnautica confirmed to be next right
Moon pies are great, the banana ones are the best.
ROANOKE, WATCH OUT. THERES AN ANGLER FISH SWIMMING BEHIND YOU
The continuous anglerfish references sent me 😂
My man Rod saw that Kristen's helm was damaged and made sure he took her's and gave her his helm. He felt guilty for the crew they lost and didn't want to see her die due to something he could change. You can see it in his actions while they're sitting up seeing the defect in her helm and switching them without her seeing.
Always love anything to do with the ocean. Idk why.. just always so fascinating to me. even if it is terrifying at times..   cant wait to see the next one!  For the sake of it... Assuming we're working with Lovecraft lore, these creatures are likely the "Deep Ones." Which are basically humanoid fish monsters.. things. In the lore, they are actually intelligent like humans, perhaps more so. Having underwater cities and so on; they worship the "old ones" (cthulhu being one); and much more. And they can also mate with humans and make kids. Why anyone would ever wanna bang one of these things is beyond me..   As for the giant thing... I know Cthulhu is the go-to for this stuff - he is the poster child of course - but for the sake of lore I'd put my money more on Dagon, who is the Deep Ones' primary deity. Like he made them and they're his "children" and etc.
I miss the punkrock haircut. Also, Subnautica is fantastic. Easily the best survival game I ever played
Ph'nglui mglw'nafh Cthulhu R'lyeh wgah'nagl fhtagn
This is my favorite movie
I like your theory better than chuthulu.
creature, Disease or even super natural, its all so good when you talk about it! keep up the great work bro!
You need to play soma, that is if you have not played it before. It's a great game. Also, I have that same fear of the ocean I'm with you there.
Roanoke really wanted the angler fish to be the true villian of this movie
Maybe Magic, Maybe Mundane. Either way, great video as always.
i freakin love this movie so much, underwater horror is my favourite. AND CTHULHU YAAAYY
not gonna like...beating Subnautica is one of my biggest life achievement as someone with Thalassaphobia...lost like 10 years of my life expectancy but it is what it is
I was not expecting to see a GameboyLuke clip in a Roanoke video ngl.
Wait a minute, Didn't the director confirm that it was Cthulhu?
I don’t think he likes angler fishes
OH MY GOD!! I FORGOT ROANOKE HAD A FACE! (jk) By the way, Roanoke, could you please consider covering the 2021 Netflix movie "Awake?" After an event, Humans are no longer able to sleep.
Hey @RoanokeGaming, since it’s Thanksgiving, are we going to get the sequel to Thankskilling?
Whats your opinion on thalassophobia being fake and just being evolutionary fear? I hear this a lot
Have you done a video on the vampires in the "Blade" movies? Specifically Blade 2? That'd be interesting.
Abyssal* depths. Not abysmal. Lol. Plus, Rodrigo did know. He notices before they go and sacrifices himself 😢
Subnatica unleased my hidden THASSALAPHOBIA. Fun times :D
The director said it is supposed to be cthulhu
I know people who say they LOVE Moon Pies.  Personally, I'm not impressed with them, but that's me.
Water 😢
I was a water baby, no fear, strong swimmer and confident. All that vanished when a dolphin pushed me underwater. Im thinking shark, i come back up it was a dolphin. I made eye contact. I dont trust them. It was massive and followed me pushing me off and on. Twice under the water. It was probably a 30 seconds ordeal. But i never went back on the water confidently after that. 😂 Pure fear of something touching me i cant see.
I'm surprised he didn't mention angler fish at all. Crazy😂
So its a prehistoric animal from the hollow earth that has sea-monkeys clinging to it?   No offence but as cool as it sounds I'm staying with the cthulhu and deep ones theory
Had something similar happen when I was little and that’s why I’m terrified of large bodies of water as well 🙃
Hey new Halo lore. A Spartan has been infected by the Flood. U gonna talk about that?
If they ever did redo Leviathan, these monster designs would be the best for it
been here since 400k and i just want to say i’m proud of you and how far you’ve come and i hope for your future to be even better ❤
New fear...angel fish...who the fuck named it that....and its over 7 ft long....no no no no no no
I'm not even afraid of open oceans anymore. I used to swim in the Rappahannock alot growing up, and while I could deal with the random beavers chasing me cause I got too close and multiple cottonmouths going for my ankles, I COULD NOT handle lifting my foot out of the water and seeing 4 leeches attached to me. Lost. My. Shit. 😂😭 fuck that river
"Oceangated" should not be a verb and yet.
I mean, the director quite literally said the big creature is Cthulhu. That doesn't necessarily mean that it is supernatural/lovecraftian in this instance tho considering it has no supernatural abilities.
Not Cthulu. It's Dagon and the creatures were Deep Ones.
since you can't play subnautica, I guess soma is out of the question, then?
I’m quite early
So basically they're really pissed off mermaids.
honestly i LOVE the monster specbio videos 👍
Here's to hoping that YouTube doesn't obliterate this video from orbit but good luck Dr Roanoke.😅👍
what about the ocean being 300 miles below our feet?
Liked this movie
I don't see why it cannot be both a Cthulhu and naturally occuring creature. Don't most myths seem to be based on at least some granule of truth? Or at least we base a lot of myths on things we see or experience that we don't fully comprehend. Maybe this creature would be what the Cthulhu myth was based on? Just a perspective. Love the content!!! Love long vids!!!
I'd love to see you do a video on the Mimics from Edge of Tomorrow. Your take on their alien biology would be fascinating. (And yes, this is my sixth time asking, I really want to see it.)
I think these are more easily described as some sort of incredibly ancient bizarre cephalopod than aquatic primates
I mean cool theory for how this could work if it was in real life but the giant creature in the movie is literally Cthulhu, which isn’t a supernatural cop-out, lovecraft’s work is very much science fiction, it deals with the cosmos as opposed to magic. If you’re at all familiar with his work it’s immediately apparently that the giant thing is Cthulhu, or at least a version of him. The humanoid creatures  don’t have to be his spawn, he’s known for converting his followers into fish people. They could be the remnants of an ancient civilisation that pledged themselves to Cthulhu and underwent changes so that they could be closer to him, see the shadow over innsmouth for that whole mess.   While I appreciate that you enjoyed coming up with your own theory for the movie you’re confidently wrong. It’s not a giant creature that’s somehow managed to find enough food to survive long enough to grow that large in a very dead part of the sea (the bottom) and those aren’t apes that have evolved fish like features as far as I’m aware all the mammals that have become sea creatures still need to breathe air. In the amount of time it would have taken for them to evolve the ability to breathe underwater they’d absolutely have lost their human like limbs. Also this Cthulhu literally has two humanoid arms why would a creature that big have that, it couldn’t possibly be a descendant of apes, you kinda completely overlooked the fact the giant creature has human arms. It isn’t some miraculously large strangely humanoid octopus creature that’s existence defies evolution all logic regarding deep sea creatures, it’s Cthulhu, an ancient Eldritch god like being, and those things aren’t evolved apes, they’re either small clones of Cthulhu himself that act as a sort of hive mind or they’re humans that have worshipped him that were reborn as horrible fish things
Your telling me a small rock found containing 3x water of our oceans. So first off them removing it from wherever it was would flood the Earth, water world style. If you have ever seen attempts to compress water it stop very close to volume in container. You freeze it expands. I think you got taken for a ride from someone trying to get into headlines. Otherwise they found a rock that naturally used space time continuum to store water.
12:41 great old one baby dun lie to me Roanoke lol
for next halloween someone needs absolutely dress like a anglerfish and go to this mans house 😂
2:00 aaah wtf happened to you ?
This kinds of remind me of the game SOMA would be an interesting video to watch
They drilled into Ry'leth. Where a colony of Deep Ones has taken residence.
LETS FUCKING GOOO Love this movie for stupid reasons  and the fact papa roanoke watched and covered it is baller
Day 10 of asking for the last voyage of Demeter
the suit imploding should cause something like cavitation? i think? which could cause some kind of ...shockwave. maybe.  like the water rushes in to fill the low pressure spot and overcompensates, creating a little wobble of pressure as things equalise afterwards? fluid dynamics isnt my thing, pls help if able :D
Cthulu spewed his baby juice into the ocean, this is a result of that and an unlucky giant squid caught in the crossfire.
So, one thing you may have been wrong on is the eye thing. The deep ones (the humanoids) do still have eyes. You can see them reflect light on occasion when the characters are shining lights at them. Given the speed of the creatures it can be easy to miss, but they are there in multiple scenes.
having videos about monsters then videos about viruses is an amazing mix, will watch everything you post, so interesting.
I love the sea, love looking at it and admiring it, just not the idea of being IN there. No, thank you!
I think this guy doesnt like angler fish just my little working theory atm
This movie is a guilty pleasure of mine. I don’t really care one way or another for Kriten Stewart but thought she did fine in this movie. Cathulu was an awesome surprise.
I do like long detail videos.
Great vid 👍Those armors resemble the Gears of War ( No just "Gears" is braindead ) type more if only by the circular plates at the chest. And the classic black guy killed, typical pre- woke vs anti-woke era trope. Blondes, red ( orange ) haired left handers, atheists and scientists are also valid expendables in films * sigh *
How sure are we that the Aquatic Apes aren’t just several angler fish in a trench coat?
Man the Subnautiva Movie is weird.   But for real though, underwater creatures are terrifying. Simply because the can be more horrendous and bodily different to terrestrial creatures. As they are less susceptible to gravity, but are put under tons of pressure, it forces most of them to either get BIG, or change how their bodies operate in order to adapt.
A big boom force multiplier would easily take it out
7:35 ya it makes me feel funky too but it's so beautiful
if Subnautica is out of the question, then what about a wholesome little game called Barotrauma   because whats more relaxing that shooting at underwater space monstrosities with railguns packed to the brim with meth
Hello mr roanoke, i saw deep see so i only listen to it. Im terrefied of deep sea creatures. And i heared anglerfish more times then i accedently seen one on pictures. Anyway. Say hi to miss kitty. 😺
We need to watch roanoke play subnautica
Keep 'em coming, Roanoke! Long form content is cool. And the way you hypothesize/bullshit about what things are and where they came from is even cooler!
Don't look behind you...Angler fish!
Does Rona have some sort of vendetta against anglerfishs? He mentions them alot in this video
Why do you look exactly like how you sound
Roanoke! Please examine the parasite from the show fortitude!!! Please!!!
I'd like to point out that the beings in the Lovecraft mythos aren't supernatural, they just appear that way to humans. They are all actually just beings, aliens, so old and advanced that they appear god like and supernatural. Kind of like if a human went back in time and showed a caveman a simple lighter, it'd appear magic and supernatural.
6:22 ayyy internet historian!
It wouldn't be impossible for an ocean creature to develop something like hands. All vertebrates have a similar skeletal plan. Fish have just had their hand/arm section morphed into fins to swim
Been a fan for a minute now I appreciate you
To explain how moonpies still exist, it's basically smores without having to cook them. That's how they survived.
Sorry you've got tinnitus.  That's a tougher diagnosis than most people know.
lol oceangated
The suits look like they toke the idea from gears of War armor
I'm getting the impression you love angler fishes
Squid, the Rottweiler of the sea 😂
So sad that most of our modern “scientists” have their heads in the clouds and stars rather than in the oceans and earth.
I have OSHA 10 certification and I can confidently tell you that's a violation.
Moon Pies are a real big thing in the south, might just be that you're not in the region they sell a lot in
Catastrophic implosion in a highly pressurized medium leads to the cavity of lower pressure's volume to decrease rapidly to the point where the air actually has a higher pressure that of the medium. Such rqpid gas state transformations usually are almost adiabatic, which means the gas heats up vigorously to a point where is actually combusts. So yeah, it's like a literal bomb as far as the surroundings of the implosion event are concerned. Basic physics.
Was gonna suggest to play subnatica but I just got to that part of the video lol.
It seems like a natural creature that resulted in the lore of Cthulhu. Like mermaids and giant squids.   Its possible that the way they look could be male and female or the possibility that they kind of got divvied up based off evolution, so basically both evolutionary types exist in the same place somehow
apparently the director of this movie, William eubank, stated that the monster in this movie is cthulhu. I don't know how that works lmaoo
It’s a ningen
Firstly, Rodrigo did notice that one of the helmets is cracked. I also would've voiced the intention of staying behind on the crumbling Kepler, but I see why he chose to take the chance with the broken helmet. Either way he wouldn't have survived & took the L for the team.  Secondly, the captain's daughter's death card does say 14, he didn't misremember it but rather doesn't mention her death to the others (to avoid lowering morale presumably) & subconsciously provided an alternative, half-true answer.  Last but not least, those "aquatic apes" clearly have functional eyes, it's just that the ones on the baby aren't fully formed yet.
thalassophobia is my main fear
"a fairly complex piece of fat and meat" 😂
Great video, have a cracking weekend!
For anyone suffering from thalassaphobia, but interested in underwater scifi game, id recommend to check out "In Other Waters", which is 2d story telling "very lite subnautica". Personally very much enjoyed it very much, heavy on world building alien sea.
Roanoke looks like the Chad of nerds lol
Do Subnautica!
Its appropriate that this video is after Alien. This movie tried to capture the same magic, but immediately failed because you need to first establish what the day to day looks like for it hitting the fan to truly have weight
Holy Smokes!!!! You are looking good 👍.
Movie?
Petition to make Roanoke play Subnautica
Go fund me to get Roanoke to livestrem Subnautica, anyone?
Hey Roanoak love the vid question though, if you have segments like the one about the neck it might help to ad the numbers on the screen so people can visualise it a bit better
Thanks for the episode. Also, this movie was surprisingly okay when I saw it some time ago. Maybe I'm just starved for any original content between all the remakes, reboots and reimaginings.
Hey, why are you confusing true men with your Heathen Units?  Freedom Units only!
It’s me Man! I keep the moon pie company in business!
7:24 WHAAAAT??? No videos for SUBNATICA?! That game is a treasure trove for all things biological in nature. Conquer your thalassophobia Roanoke! Inquisitive minds await with burning curiosity!
Why can't it be both; a natural species and Chtullu? Much in the same vein as the Kaken. The myth of Chtullu came about bc of these creatures.
It's based on Call Of Cthulu
I love this movie, we need more deep sea horror movies.
Came for the breakdown,leaving knowing my body started dying at 28 🥴
Two things to note.  The appear to have eyes, whenever light is shined at them you see it being reflected, similar to some kind of tapetum lucidum.  When Smith is being dragged away by the monster, you can see that the supports to the tunnel-entry are carved from stones. With how modern the technology of the company is, this was most likely not made by them. My hypothesis is that the creatures were much smarter (Tool users) and degenerated to their current state or these structures are remnants of a early civilization that might have worshipped them and the company were actually looking for them instead of oil.
Just fyi fellas, loads of saucy pics of moody girl on the interwebs. Or so I've heard. 👀
@ 4:05 Kristen Stewart/Eminem mashup.
Around 27:19 you can see the creatures actually do have eyes, with the light reflecting off them. Also I do believe it is cthulu and the deep ones
Your absolute distaste for angler fish is truly an inspiration
6:15 Roanoake continues to confirmed his good taste, 10/10
Hey Roanoke, Me again.  Just trying to get you to play Stormrise on Xbox.  Game is dope and theres multiple different videos you could make out of the Sai and Rift energy, but thats just an idea, lots of love from South Africa 🇿🇦
Thank you for presenting "climate change" as an unknown. I'm sick of people acting like science is everything and must be blindly trusted. That's just another religion. The truth is, for everything science attempts to explain, there are 100 things it can't.
always a good time when i hear that guitar riff
I loved the movie up to the point where we killed the cthulhu. I do think it was the big CTHU but there are completely normal explanation on why he exists here. The Lovecraftian mythos talks about dimensions and ect, we can see it as different planets, and the way he made it here could just be via asteroid and crash. After it crash landed here, it with its gigantic brain, could have a stronger "telepath" than us, that you have talked in other videos, to the point that he could control us. So he made us do his bidding, his city, bring him food, and, in time, we would be adapted to live underwater and go to the depths to sleep.   I would rather that in the end he recruits the strong survival to be his most high priest, to spread his cult to summon the rest of his family here to a nice and cozy roadside picnic.
Looks like a job for Gypsy Danger.
Anglerfish dont attack people. Squids do though
Not entirely sure they were drilling for Oil Roanoke, last time I watched, it looked/sounded more like they were drilling for an unspecified (set of) ore(s).
I think he may not like anglerfish
Anglerfish are dangerous
Ahg! Where's your beard, man?! You look like a wee fñckin' baby!
Yeah you've had similar childhood water trauma as me. I was swiming in a man made lake at summer camp and went to far and went into the 10 ft range like right at the tip and the bottom was sand so i slipped on the egde when it broke started drowning the lifeguard saw me drowning and yelled just swim. I managed to make it to more sand and walked my way out. Never been in wasit deep water since and fuck that lifeguard
"Oceangated"
Cthulhu drawing in the locker at 24:00
My friends all want me to play Subnautica as well because of my crippling fear of the ocean and I respond in the same way for the same reasons. lol
They are scraping pieces off of the floodgates irl this is insane.  I see the signs Jesus
Love your videos but I’m fairly certain the director even said it was Cthulhu. There’s also the old drill maps in the captains old lockers, and some other Easter eggs around to suggest they were looking for this thing
8:25 too soon man
You can't properly pronounce the names of Cthulhu and the other Great Old Ones. The human speech is not complex enough to say their names.
My dude really said “Oceangated” 💀💀💀
Reject monke - return to water. (Cool info on the water-rock ringwoodite, I wonder if it's similar to an iron-pyrite full of seawater bubbles)
Sorry to burst your bubble, but on that card at 23:39, it totally says 14. Those are different numerals. Not two stylized ones. A stylized 1, and stylized 4. Age 14. Zoom in closer if you need. Great video though! I love your stuff.   This is such a prime example of you seeing what you want to see. You would have LOVED if this movie went so far as to add that understated fight/flight memory recollection easter egg for people paying attention. That would make for good shit! It's not here though.  He was simply lying about her being dead. No bonus background neuro-psycho-chemo-electro-mnemo conspiracy in this particular form. God bless your optimistic and goodwill filled soul though. Can't wait to keep tuning, starting at the feeetttttt!!!!!! REEEEEEEEEEEE
Gotta be my top 3 favorite youtubers of all time just in terms of entertainment...not to mention learning things too
This design is very human
I totally agree the supernatural aspect of the monster makes it less terrifying, compared to something that possibly could exist
MATH
Little note: in italian CH it pronunced K, so the pronunce of the infamous italian "Captain" for anglophone it's sKettino. Btw love your content.
I think it's a natural species because if it was cthulhu then the people there would be feeling the psychic effects cthulhu is depicted to have on people, like more severe forms of schizophrenia. The creatures in this movie are just really scary to our cast of characters and do anything psychologically to them besides the norm of being cronfonted with a dangerous predator species.
The director of the movie explicitly stated that it is indeed Cthulhu, which is teased by the captain's locker having the actual drawing of an idol done my H.P Lovecraft for the short story in his locker. Theres also a bunch of little hidden details in the various credits that heavily imply the drilling company is run by cultists and they were actively trying to wake the Great Old One.  Though that WOULD mean there is at least two creatures. Cthulhu itself and the lesser deep ones that keep trying to eat people.
Moonpies are fucking delicious
Say Angler Fish again.
19:31. I do work in HSE. And your statement is somewhat correct but missing one theoretical information. In HSE we talk about resilience vs redundancies. Redundancies cost money, nobody wants to spend money so people built more and more resilient systems. This however often entails that those systems are undertstood to be sooo resilient that they don't realy need redundant systems within it. This leads to the resiliance-paradox. Which means if highly resilient system fail - they fail completly and catastrophically.  The best example of that is the banking system, nobody realy thought about a system which may backup the petro-dollar, it was understood to be very resiliant. But it failed, and failed hard. The energy system is the same, there is no real backup to it, if it fails it fails hard so hard that some powerplants could not be turned on again.  The suit might be such a system, where those who buiilt it, within certain constraints, evaluated to to be so resilietn against all known attacks and possible failiures that it doesn't need a back up
no no no keep the beard
Huh, Roanoke's head looks proportional now.
go to a facility and take a crying shower before trying to contact rest of the guys who are actively dying outside and definitely dead after shes done throwing a tantrum. this character is dumb af.
So glad you actually covered this movie! Appreciate the content.
According to the creators of the movie, the Leviathan at the end is actually supposed to be Cthulhu himself. funny thing is, when Nora is looking through the lockers on the shepard station, you can see a pic of Cthulhu from the mythologies.   the ending apparently is also supposed to imply the company knew old matey was down there and deliberately tried to wake him up, and that them resuming operations is just them continuing this goal.
Oh my, I've been hoping this movie would be covered for ages. What a day.
Watching this while going to the beach! Thanks!
I love the ocean and subnautica but it still gives me the hebie jebies
Bro literally traumatizes himself to bring us content
nvm body to head ratio, everything that has tentacles is smart yep
You should cover subnauntica. Also, angler fish.
I love moon pies.
8:45 Dude... the crack was not letting pressure out. If it was you would see bubbles. Not only that,but even if it was leaking air out through the crack that would cause a lack of internal suit pressure, which could,itself,cause an implosion. But none of that matters because what happened was,the helmet sustained a serious enough crack that it was no longer structurally sound. So,whether it's an implosion caused by the extreme depth,or an explosion caused by the helmet not being able to withstand its internal pressurization,the result is that the helmet fails structurally.
This channel should never die. But if it does, I expect Roanoke to scientifically explain why... btw it's an angler fish.
The creatures could be either a race Deep Ones since in the Cthulhu Mythos they are a naturally accruing race that exist in the ocean
to Roanoke, i do enjoy your content.
Amazing video loved this one man❗️🔥
Just another animal for man to deal with, also love the long video format. Keep up the amazing work king.
7:59 Looks more like the Terran CMC armor from Starcraft... Only not build like a squashed Astartes.
Starting with the -feet- tendrils
Huh I don't think going back down and the crew starts talking about "why are there so many force multiplies on a drill sub?"
I know exactly the kind of fear you experienced by that pier. I was on the beach one day down in Florida, and I stepped on one particular stretch of sand on the bottom, which prompted something incredibly strong and slimy to start squirming for dear life under my foot. I freaked out and ran out of the water. One of the many reasons you will never catch me swimming in the open ocean.
anglerfish
Great as all ways 👏 👍 👌
This movie was pretty good and my favorite part has to be with the door to the elevator. The amount of horror movies I've seen with the cliché of "oh look the only door is unlocked here comes the monster" and instead they did the sensible thing and locked the door. Also now you mention it not only have I not seen anybody buy a moon pie I don't even know where around here anybody can buy one....and they are supposed to be popular around here.....weird.
Jesus maybe i dont pay attention enough but this the first time ive seen roanokes face and its neary exactly what i thought he would look like.
From H.P.Lovecraft lore, it is likely Father Dagon or Mother Hydra. They are not elder beings, but are deep ones that have grown to enormous size. That would make the smaller forms deep ones. Basically deep ones are ageless and continue to grow. Most die from hazards, or  are perhaps killed if they get too big by the Patriarch/Matriarch.  So they are not supernatural. Worth noting is they can breed with humans, so the theory of them being ape descendants has extra weight. Human hybrids will change during puberty and will be drawn to the ocean, eventually completely converting into the Deep One race.
Those suits look like gears of war cog armor..
colossal and giant squid dont viciously attack large targets. their thing is that they are extremely efficient to the point of being able to sustain themselves in a medium sized fish for a year. they arent hunting pray by chasing or grappling it, they kinda just wait until something small and edible and then snatching that using their suction cupped arms. neither will they rottweiler you nore do they have theeth
Roanoke: makes a joke about Concordia and Schettino me as a simple Italian: choking by the water I'm drinking
The creatures in this movie seem to be Deep ones and big one at the end is either Father Dagon or Mother Hydra.
Instead of just giving us the number of how many pounds of force it would take to rip your neck give us a comparable weight of an actual object. You might as well say its 48 gignewtonmonoultrachads. It's just word salad at some point
Ahh....the cost of concordia, a classic as Internet Historian videos go
8:00 good test run for Warhammer 40k :)
You really do not like those angler fish, do you Roanoke?
There is another Lovecraftian possibility for the smaller creatures assuming the big one is Cthulhu. The Xothian, or Spawn of Cthulhu. They are said to dwell within R'lyeh waiting for the day their god awakens.
It was either in the credits or the director confirmed it after, but cthulhu survived, and they confirmed it was actually cthulhu
7:28 *Glances at my Void Base's noisey neighbors that Roanoke probably won't cover* Well that's disappointing.
LOVED the anglerfish comments lol
22:00 you gotta consider the bulk of the underwater suits when comparing heights, those things probably add like six inches of height so yeah, they're closer to 20 feet tall more than likely.
"When he gets ocean gated" that's dead wrong.
Hey bro you don't have to say "the late" when quoting SGTMAJ Johnson bro, we were all there we know what happened.
Been enjoying good channels plugging other good channels.
Why are you called Roanoke Gaming if you don't play games?
Conclusion: it was angler fish 👍🏽   Also, completely missed that detail that none of the escape pods made it at the end. Sucks.
holy crap you have a face
Would a sea creature would able to pull in a medium like the deep sea?
8:39 Yes actually, it does because the gases in the suit are released all at once after the implosion. Basically, it’s like crushing a full can of soda, the pressure crushes the object but the object’s internal gas pressure causes an explosion. There’s a digital recreation of what happened to the titan sub here on Youtube that illustrates the mechanics of that.
You fool! This is Lord Cthulhu, your attempts to rationalize him fail as your mind breaks into the unyielding insanity of the old gods!  Seriously though, glad you covered this movie. I'm with the YouTuber Deusdeacon Reviews that the company is lead by cultists attempting to bring about Cthulhu's reign.  Also, I'm surprised you brought up the aquatic ape theory. I thought it was largely a junk theory only peddled by pseudo-science cryptozoologist. Or maybe I'm just so used to hearing it from them I didn't think of it as a thought experiment.
Ironically one of my fav horror movies, awesome review
Just a point, this creature wouldn't be Cthulhu, it would be Dagon, and if you would like a similarly strange film (not sure if you've covered it yet) the titular Dagon is a pretty solid body horror Lovecraftian adaptation.  Also rather than mammalian these creatures could be the end result of primitive aquatic amphibians adapting for the Deep Ocean over moving onto land and forming into mammalian species. The formation of hands and legs could simply be due to a quirk of convergent evolution. Any species living on the ocean floor might find limbs useful for traversing it, and long legs would allow it to perhaps rear upright and simply consume anything it detected in the hunting area (it might very well have been an ambush predator or have some form of non-visual lure).   The larger species also has an arm (one arm and the other is missing, which is perhaps an injury indicating either this species fights over territory or mates, or that there are larger predators or herbivores capable of defending themselves down there), wierdly enough, so it could potentially be some strange offshoot of the same species heading towards gigantism instead of safety in numbers and higher intelligence.
Shocked to know someone else has thalassophobia. Subnautica is super scary so I agree with you on that.
7:11 It's, abyssal depths. Not, "abysmal" depths. I mean,those depths may be abysmal. But they're definitely, abyssal.
Right there with you, I enjoy the idea of natural monster and completely agree paranormal or whatever is a copout.
12:00 Imma start emailing you pictures of angler fish. 😂
I remember watching this movie with my stepmom. We were looking for a Cthulu movie and this one came up. I was kinda disappointed with it, but i think thats because I had the expectation of Cthulu being in it. Thinking back, it was genuinely a cool movie
3:09 hey brother please take care of your mental health, it sounds like you’re having a mid life crisis. I had a quarter life crisis when i was in high school and i know it feel like you falling into a void calmly. Just make your peace with god for whatever you personally feel guilt for not for what the church told you to feel guilty for, live life with no regrets(as best you can in this hyper consumeristic hell scape we’ve accepted), go out and see nature. Sure death will always be scary but if you finished the majority of things to do in this life then death will be just a simple step to your next life. I was always scared of not seeing my family and friends again but i gotta have faith that they’ll have a nice new life after and if i don’t see them thats fine. God bless you brother, the only way outta fear is through reason
about the helmet imploding bit - he DID know it was fault as the MC was about to put it on and he spots the small crack on the faceplate and stops her before telling her to take his helmet instead
Ib was just watching the internet historian before clicking on this 😂
I'm 27 and my birthday is on the 30th thanks for that 3:08
I think any creature we "create" in our heads is simply a finite thing. Like we create a scary creature, but honestly it is something that could exist based off of what is around us. Your videos theorizing these fantasy creatures into real space make a lot of sense. Mostly because we have a finite knowledge of how things work, and unless we gain some knowledge outside of that, we can only really imagine variations of creatures that could exist.  Seeing there are pockets of water, and most likely life, that are sealed off by tectonic events, we would see any emerging creature that didn't fit our knowledge of creatures would instantly seem alien. Given time and study, many of these "alien" creatures we have found within the last 100 years have proven to be well within what we would expect could evolve on this planet.  Granted the more Lovecraftian monsters, like Cthulu and his children having incredible fantastical powers and intelligence, the leviathan in this movie obviously took some kind of reference to it, but it was also obviously more animalistic as it wasn't warping reality with its mere presence. Though I am sure even something like that could be explained with a kind of psychedelic emitted by the creature into the water/air and being absorbed.  I like the way you do things better, cause I am not a scientist, I just enjoy science, so while I can throw out crazy theories, you have the knowledge to actually bring things to light in a fun way, which obviously many people, including myself, enjoy.  All that to say, thanks for doing what you do, I got into this kind of scientific theory crafting with Kyle Hill, and you just giving me more content to absorb makes life that much better.
While these videos are getting rather long, and could be tiring to make, we all appreciate and LOVE the quality you put out. Take your time and dont burn yourself out.
The suit exploded outwards because of the power source within the suit, or even the oxygen canister that is made a point of problem later on in the movie.
i think roanoke has a fear of angler fishes don't ask me why, is just a personal theory
500 comments and 171 likes. Let's break this anomaly down, starting with the feet...
Did an angler fish beat you up and take your lunch money when you were a kid?
500 comments and 171 likes. Let's break this anomaly down, starting with the feet...
I thought you had covered _Soma_ though? That's so much worse than Subnautica.
0:56 it revives the theory of an inner earth being a possible reality.
WOOP WOOP. Love this movie. Thank you for covering it.
This was one of those movies I went into with ZERO expectations and was both pleasantly surprised and throughly enjoyed. I just wish they had used more practical effects. Horror movie monsters that are CGI just aren’t scary to me. This was a good movie for Stewart to show off that, yes, she can act when given a decent script and direction. Poor girl gets so much crap for having social anxiety.
Barotrauma
@19:11 "Thug it out or something."  So like stealing the other girl's respirator?  🤔🤷 I've pondered too much on this haha
7:24 I care personally very little for this game, but now I too want Roanoke to play Subnautica.
i want to believe it's an actual species because that's much scarier to me
What brushed against your leg was a shark BTW.  And to make it worse... before an attack a shark will bump its target to get data on what the target is and how tasty it will be.
William Eubank has confirmed its identity — the giant monster in Underwater is Cthulhu. Which makes the offspring some form of Star Spawn.
The reason the suit exploded like that after cracking down is, i believe, due to the "battery" they use which i want to say might even be a small reactor type thingy. But its been a while since ive seen the movie so i might be wrong.
I wanted to watch this movie when I heard gunner wright (Isaac clarke) was in it but then I saw the main character and was like nope
Love the breakdown . And actually seeing as how she blew the big one back to thr preistoric period. I feel a company re opening a site down there with lots of torpedo launchers end maybe tesla towers mixed into the water would be a good thing. I mean. What company wouldnt drive something into oblivion if it was hindering its income.
Natural species. Now to catch and cook some up, lol
Just saying that when the great flood happened in the Bible, it bust forth from the earth... almost like Ringwoodite couldn't hold anymore causing the fissures we see today.
It would have to be a natural creature. Looking at Cthulhu drives you bonkers and she got a pretty good look at his face. Plus I doubt an explosion like that could take out a great old one.
To make a quick note to regarding the aquatic  Ape theory and the terrifying fun fact you just gave me about how blue whales used to be land dwelling... There is actually if I remember Write a village or tribe of people that actually spend The majority of their time actually in the ocean and water compared to on land or out of the water, And it's actually been observed that it seems like they have had some slight changes to their physiology that allows them to be able to even be in the water longer than most people normally would be able to. When with that alone helps bring the idea of aquatic apes being these creatures ancestors even more plausible.
Rodrigo did know his suit was compromised. There's a scene of him noticing and giving Kristen Stewart the non faulty helmet
Underwater is genuinely one of my favourite horror movies, it's so fun, feels a lot like Alien but in the ocean I'm happy there's finally a video going through it's creatures !
My theory is metamorphosis. The leviathan has vestigial legs and the minors have a tail growing.
Suck it Cthulhu
I eat a Moon Pie once a year. They never decay so I keep them in business.
Anglerfish👁👄👁
I always thought this was a Cloverfield movie. The creature bears a striking resemblance to the large cloverfield monster. Also in cloverfield the large monster would shed the smaller ones, maybe this one does the same?
I wonder if he knows that the creators confirmed this was meant to be chuthulu
2:54 BS it does, maybe that whole “aliens are humans that live in space” thing could be true
Moonpie is successful because Cracker Barrel exists, i have no way to prove this but i stand by it
You’re trying to rationalize gods. You realize those things are H.P. Lovecraft creations, right? Cthulhu is literally in this movie. The filmmakers confirmed it. And I don’t think it’s boring at all.
First time seeing Roanoke's face. Upon reviewing that face is the face of a dude obsessed with feet.
Oil being a possible renewable resource is something so fucking mindblowing, cool, and insanely infuriating simultaneously because it was taught as such a fact that dinosaur bones make it until I realized how Ludacris that sounded a few years ago. On top of that noone could explain why we couldn't manufacture oil with human corpses with artificial pressure like we already know how to AND DO with diamonds.
It’s funny cuz this was the movie that made me go “oh, I actually kinda don’t mind Kirsten Stewart” but to the video, great details man. I love acknowledging the Cthulhu vibe that was absolutely presented but you’re absolutely right, the idea about these things really existing is much more horrific.
Your 31? I would've figured you'd be 40 something... not that it's a bad thing.
Be curious to see you plot up some monsters of your own. With your knowledge of biology and horror im sure you could create a predator even these deep see dorks would fear.
Hey Roanoke, quick question. Could it be possible that scary deep sea creatures like this aren’t seen because of our cargo ships and noise pollution we’re causing?
I really loved this film. The fact it underperformed is a travesty.
Underwater was a great movie
Always carry a dive knife.
Cthulu is supposed to reside in an ancient city on the edge of the sea, this is more likely dagon and his servants.Also cthulu is not just a giant squid, he isn't made of the same flesh as life on earth.
2:16 brother you look like such a nerd❤ you rock it tho
"Gets oceangated"   omfg xD I love this channel so much
Angler fish 😂😂😂🤣
Nom, nom, nom.
I buy Moonpies and I also greatly enjoy RC Cola.
I think it would be like the kraken
So for all the people saying we knew about ringwoodite for years, from what I can find and understand, no no, roanoke is right in a sense as we have only really ever gathered small samples of it. Actually as far as I can find, we only ever had 1 sample of it back in 2014 and while the sample contained water, basing something completely off of only 1 sample isn't that accurate. We recently got more samples though and the water content was similar to the first sample, so now we can say it does in fact hold water, which is why the past week there has been dozens of news articles regurgitating the same information about scientist talking about it in general.
A note on those suits.  Remember Warhammer 40k Space Marines are wearing Golden Age mining gear.  Keep that in the back of your head when you're tearing apart Tyranids and all you can think is....just ONE actual Golden Age Combat Suit.  ONE dangit!
I tried the hypoxia thing, I died thanks. But great video.
The director or producer I can’t remember which one but they stated that the giant creature is Cthulhu himself
New Roanoke video. My day is  starting off good.
my fat ass heard food oil
0:01 wisecrack said this best, we may know how to describe what we know better but we don’t really know any more then before
"rodrigo gets oceangated"💀💀💀
Fuck yeah I’ve been suggesting this off and on for YEARS in the discord! These things were so fucking cool dude.
Also look up the Xothians and or starchildren in the Cthulhu mythos
The Nefarious Anglerfish upon learning of Roanoke's immense fear: 👀
Changing from foot stuff to vore stuff, I see?
I really wish this movie had been slightly tweaked. I could really see this movie being great not just good, with a few minor revisions.
Roanoke 100% has a issue with the poor angler fish it just wants to live . it is however FREAKING horrifying
We’re one step closer to having Roanoke do a in-depth breakdown on the Lovecraft Elder Gods.
Habitual Moon Pie purchaser here. You definitely don't know what you're missing. I would avoid the banana flavor unless you're like a fan of banana Runts.
Cracked surfaces give the immense preassure more surface area to act upon. The flash can theoretically hsppen  (some shrimp/crab) basically uses an immense chage in preassure to give its prey the "flashbang treatement). And the air has to escape somewhere so depends on what exactly happenid the flash and the big "push" could happen. If someone has more knowledge on the subject , please comment.
So... When is this version of Ellen Ripley starting her OnlyFans... Or did she already have one. Powerful. So Strong.
I’ve been waiting for this!! Finally
How have you never seen someone buying a moonpie? Do you just hang out with total nerds? Know any miners?
I’m still here asking for the crites from critters again
Moon Pies are marketed as candy, not pie or moon.
9:05 unless I am mistaken, it wasn't copium where she said rodrigo knew the helmut was faulty, but a reference to a scene cut from the film where Rodrigo was inspecting 2 helmets and one of them looked suspicious, then he gave her the intact helmet.
3:00 So, we will eventually go from space flight to deep-sea living and back again and live forever.  Got it.  *bingo card filling*
I'm not that scared of water, but I am terrified of giant creatures in the water. Whales freak me out. Like...they could ACCIDENTALLY fuck your shit up.  I like the idea that these things are natural. I prefer horror where the things have some actual explanation and combat methods to them. It's always so bullshit when there's some magic monster that can't be killed or evaded because reasons.
From what I understand a vast majority of Moonpies revenue is from military contracts for MREs
I swear to God if this man says ca-tu-lu one more damn time.
@RoanokeGaming why did you lose the manly viking look thats no good if were going monstef hunting 😅
First time seeing Roanoke. He’s way less of a dweeb than I thought
Didn't the filmmakers of this movie saying it was Cthulhu. Or some version of it.
I was pleasantly surprised by how much I enjoyed this movie. I still think the sudden implosion of the guy with the faulty helmet was the scariest part but it reminded me of that old movie Leviathan. There is a discussion about someone having a suit failure and then having to bury what was left of him in his helmet
This movie was surprisingly decent to watch. Except for no underwater zombies. C'mon Hollywood
Thank you Roanoke Gaming, very cool!
15:35 People like me are why they thrive. I love moonpies.
Hey Roanoke, did an anglerfish beat you in a competition and then fucked the prom queen? I mean, this ain't healthy. Anyway, those translucent fish on the other hand, they're a menace to society.
soup stones were real lol
Obligatory comment to prevent channel from dying:  great video, cosmic horror is my favorite genre!
Moonpie I think is literally only eaten and bought by old people and junkies
Im sorry but... what!?
RG....why do you look 12 in the ad bit?😂🏴󠁧󠁢󠁷󠁬󠁳󠁿
Hey love your videos dude been binging your ENTIRE channel since finding it. Always loved and had a fascination with science and microbiology, Wanted to kinda personally ask how best to get into the field and what direction to go into. I really wanna get into gene editing and learning how we could possibly make the body and mind better for future generations if not our own. Really want our race to be able to live among the stars!  and fix a lot of diseases that’s been plaguing us. Keep doing your thing man!❤
I bet they could use those dive suits for a gears of War movie
implosion can push, in goes in compresses it more and then pushes out. Like a spring being smacked
I love this channel it is always a treat. I got stung by a jellyfish once and swore off deep water, then I stepped on a skate and swore off less deep water for shell diving in hip deep water, and then I picked up a still occupied shell and never set foot back in the ocean. If ever there is a place where we are no longer on the top of the food chain it’s freaking ocean. Also, could you cover something like the Rain Man, I would be interested in your assessment on the neurophysiology of autism, I was diagnosed a long time ago and the white coats have said a lot of my symptoms are reminiscent of brain damage. Neuroplasticity saved my but with a crud tone of rewriting and training. My favorite example of this plasticity was a youngling that had a total hemisphrectomy removing the Broca’s area and wernikies area which subsequently reformed on the other remaining side. Pretty neat.
Maybe it was a magical liaplurodon? 😂
daddy swolenoke
Dont shave anymore. It's not right.
What if I told you could get a mod for subnautica that drains the oceans entirely? You just walk around and see floating creatures, that'd help?
always great seeing a new video thank you for satisfying my autistic fixations
6:10 *me from italy* ah shit here we go again (you have the wrong pronunciation of the surname but it is very noticeable if you speak English that you have a lot of difficulty pronouncing certain letters in Italian, for me there is no problem)
These are Deep Ones from H.P Lovecraft for sure.
At some point we are going to get a really nasty surprise. If not on Earth, then on one of our solar system's water-bearing moons. My money is on it being some kind of absurdly lethal microorganisms we don't notice until it's too late.   Humans have a really bad habit of assuming they are in control in any given situation. We will definitely walk headlong into absolute nope. F around and find out remain in *constant* circulation with us.
Ok, they could be a twin species thing.  Except what if its like the Xenomorph, a lack of a queen leads to one becoming the new queen. Or in this case a hive mother/food source.
……………………… SpongeBob is right 😧😯
Underrated film crippled by a generic title
Love your videos! ❤️
Amazing one liner to end the video. "You break our toys, we break your species."
Those aquatic apes are definitely mermen from Cabin in the Woods!
I tried the hyperoxia trick, my face got really warm and my vision started to fishbowl and darken plus my neck went weak
What the hell happened to your hair?
I don't know if that's the actual Dark Lord Cthulu or an ancient and long forgotten species, but there IS one thing I DO know.......and it's that motherfcker ain't real.
I feel you man. My son keeps trying to get me to play subnautica. I'm all good, child.
That big creature looks like he can give the best kisses.😺
Will you make a updated version of your past video on the killing floor enemies with the new game coming out?
Probably the only movie ever that should have been an hour longer. By which I mean that the build up to the big reveal was way too short. The movie would have been way better if they'd leaned more on the lovecraftian part of lovecraftian horror.
Why's all my nostalgic late 2000s early 2010s channels gotta constantly be upsetting that vibe by showing their face on camera?
It is true they wouldn't float up. When I went diving and we had to poop during our dive, we poop about 10ft down and it doesn't float. I know what your going to say but it's not pollution since it doesn't last long as many small fish end up eating it. 🤢
Hey Roanoke have you ever though of doing the red flu from the series “the last ship?
I prefer the idea of it as a natural event, even though I'm pretty sure it's meant to be some form of adaptation of Cthulhu.
Still waiting for the muscle car video 😩
I’ve been wondering if you were ever gonna talk about this film and it’s monsters, I’m extremely glad that you did it’s one of my all time favorite films.  Keep up the great work man 🫡
No reason it can't be both. Cthulu is often treated as supernatural, but we know so little about our own planet let alone our own slice of the universe, there's no reason to rule out something like Cthulu could exist. It's mythology could be exaggerated, but when you're Sudbury there face to face with it, it didn't really matter. You're just aware at that moment you're not the apex creature here and you're definitely in the wrong neighborhood and need to gtfo if it'll let you
The director says the big guy is Cthulhu, but we know the ending wouldn't be enough to kill an Old God
Only the second ever complete anglerfish washed up on shore recently…. They’re coming for you Barbra (Roanoke)😂
Play subnatica!
Amazing.. i watched Internet Historian's video last night.
Fun fact, Roanoke, oil is self replacing. 👌   Multiple cases, but one very notable, had an oil well capped in the 70s as a dry well being uncapped and opened again for testing, only to find it had MORE oil inside it than was initially gathered before it was capped as "dry".   "Fossil" fuels arent so fossil after all, considering oil comes from 2 layers ABOVE the fossil layer, but due to its density, if it came FROM fossils, it'd be DEEPER, not shallower, so the term "fossil fuels" is simply incorrect on its face.... As are theories that oil comes from decaying ancient sealife.
Can you do a video on a love death robots episode? In terms of interesting monsters I recommend the episode „Bad Travelling“
1st, i wasnt expecting a reference to Scettino (pronounced Skettino) 2nd you really have abeef with angler fishes, dont you lol
Hey @RoanokeGaming can you make a vid about the U-3 from re4 remake plssss
I am also terrified of the ocean. 😅 but it's so alluring that it's hard not to have mixed feelings
I believe the reason for no pressure release valve would be to prevent another way to fail. Over engineering can cause problems when it comes to reliability. I know you can agree as I know your favorite vehicle is an older one. Due to how few electrical and mechanical components, it’s incredibly reliable. The inverse can be said, but the suits already look incredibly complex as it is. Or it could just be the company trying to save in money on an already expensive suit. Who knows.
So...Anglerfish then?
The director of the movie say it is cthulhu
Yooooo!! Underwater is one of my more favorite underrated movies ever. I think it did it really well and everyone was great in their roles.
Kinda reminds me of the Gargantia on the verdurous planet "Hideauze" a little... Maybe with some knights of sidonia "gohna" mixed in as well.
Your thumbnail needs a seizure warning.
Ringwoodite has been known about a lot longer than the last few days.
"We're gonna have to walk along the ocean floor in near total darkness."  Me: "Ya'll sounds like you just wanna die tired. Have fun I guess."
Buddy has something against anglerfish on god bro😭😭
You gotta love when they play the tinnitus noise in a movie, and yours gets louder because now you're thinking about it.
Can you tell Roanoke has a fear of deep sea anglerfish?
Anglerfish are harmless to humans, nerd.
Oh you feel uncomfortable about the idea of something massive watching you the whole time ? May i recommend you Bloodborne then
❤❤❤ love these videos could listen everyday
Just a note on the dive physiology: if the suits were pressurized equal the surrounding PSI, the O2 level would have to be extremely low due to keep the PP02 breathable to prevent CNS O2 tox and theyd be breathing helium (maybe hydrogen but thats terrifying) to prevent nitrogen narcosis. If they were kept at 1 atmosphere, there wouldn't be an over pressure event like we saw with the captain.   Great coverage man. Keep the deep sea stuff coming!!
Jack Burton: That is not water.  Egg Shen: It is black blood of the Earth.  Jack Burton: You mean oil?  Egg Shen: I mean black blood of the Earth.
I've been meaning to ask if the outro song is something Roanoke made or where it's from
Get to 1 million
Moon Pies aren’t exactly the most delicious snack cake, but they’re pretty decent if you don’t have anything else
UNDARWATAH.
Fun fact: I'm a cop and that guy from the big neck mug shot was my town 😂
Gat
Hear me out- Subnautica, but in VR.
As someone who's had to engage in "crisis training" - that is, intense mental exercises intended to decrease the likelihood of freezing up in a crisis situation - I've always been fascinated by how the brain acts under intense stress. Love the video @Roanoke Gaming!
Implosion can explode.  An implosion can propel material outward (for example due to the force of inward falling material rebounding, or peripheral material being ejected as the inner parts collapse), but this is not an essential component of an implosion and not all kinds of implosion will do so. If the object was previously solid, then implosion usually requires it to take on a more dense form—in effect to be more concentrated, compressed, or converted into a new material that is denser than the original.
You know Chad the Enjoyer of Explanations does very well in school.
Angler fish are way bigger that you imagine...I say do not look for the siempre of angler fish and repeat DO NOT LOOK for the size of an Angler fish.
Is it possible to just nuke the ocean repeatedly? You know like a pre emptive strike against whatever is down there
as a fellow 31 year old  'scuse me?  How dare you?  Why would you put this kind of cursed info onto us?
It’s just old gods rabies
Man, if Subnautica can give a thalassophobic person anxiety, imagine what a game like Barotrauma would do.
Would the negative pressure from say like the oxygen tanks or whatever futuristic recirc system theyre using be enough to create an outward force?
Awesome video dude! I hope the next one is for the tardigrade monster from harbinger down!
I'm starting to think roanoke doesn't like anglerfish.
I have never liked Kristen, but I did enjoy this movie.
Have you thought about doing a video about the blacklight virus from the prototype series? Feels like itd be right up your alley
Ringwoodite is such an old discovery, i remember hearing about it years ago.
"At 28, your body start dying"  me age 33.  🎉
Lore accurate Ariel
challenge   The Resurrected  1991... there is a scene in the basement with a hold and a creature and a shot gun... you tell me if you wet ya self   what was the creature sir?  challenge given   i hope you accept
Its a giant bipedal anglerfish
Seeing the fishman thumbnail reminds me: Analyze Bloodborne one day!
The people who made the movie were definitely trying to go with a more supernatural threat with Cthulhu like beings. Despite that it‘s still awesome to see someone approach this with a more scientific lens.
Internet Historian!! When you mentioned the Concordian I was just thinking of the video!
Don't swim near piers people, little fish need structure to hide and we all know what eat small fish.
Roanoke, what anglerfish hurt you?🥺
Half of this video's title is adjectives
I gotta agree with that "No" on Subnautica, I have panic attacks trying to play that too
I'd love to see you discuss the biology of some of the sea creatures of Barotrauma if you haven't already
That is the greatest line I've heard about humans in awhile. That is definitely something I'd see an action movie against aliens or something. "You broke our toys...now we break your species."
Just a comment for the algorithm
Will there be a future youtuber that will cover Roanokegaming?
Roanoke making a film of some kind involving the ocean would have talks of Angler Fish in it.
Ya know, I think that maybe, just maybe, Roanoke doesn't like angler fish that much.
Put the beard back please
Natural species, definitely.  I'll believe in Cthulhu when I hear whispers in my mind.
Roanoke’s beef with the ocean and angler fish is hilarious, I will know blame all my problems on angler fish from now on. 😂😂
Another thing to take into consideration is that if these creatures involved in such a high-pressure environment, as they'd ascend in altitude, they'd become stronger and stronger due to pressure decreasing. It's like a "Dragonball Z train with weights" evolutionary effect.
Bruh dude the thalassaphobia hits STRONG like FUCK
It's not the creatures that im worried about. It's the fact that youre surrounded by insane amounts of pressure and could die quickly from the smallest crack.
Um you don’t start dying at 28  it’s 32 and that’s from medical sources I’ve watched!!!!
Moonpies are so good though
It’s Cthulhu!
Our planet is 100% rock…..with water on the surface of 70%.
I swear I gotta watch more of your videos, cause the quality of them are ridiculously good and hella interesting . (As a mathematician the neck section had me nodding my head lol)
Great video as always, you should do the invasion of the body snatchers
Hey Roanoke, did you know that Gunner Wright was in this movie? He was on the of the two characters at the very beginning of the movie, around 4:30
Good vudeos as always.
Qeustion? Oh papa Roanoke got the answer
Moonpies are the best snack on a cold day with a cup of hot coco, Roanoke. Truly the best snack to come out of Appalachia.
Finally! I got tired of that over use and abuse of the term "implosion".. instead of EX-plosion! Finally it's used on it's quite right place.😀 As usual - Roanoke's punctuation rulez!
Love how 1/3 of this video is blatant anglerfish hate lol
SIMPLE SOLUTION TO BODY EATING THINGS! (Wear spikes and or blades)
I will now be blaming all my problems on angler fish 😂
Sometimes i forget that even if people dont use a camera, they still have a face
Speaking of swallowing whole, for April Fool's, you should cover the ALASKAN BULL WORM
Fun fact Roanoke. The Israelis did a study regarding how our brains interpret our own imminent death; apparently the brain partially shuts down and tells itself that the incoming death is not for us, but someone else. It may explain why we don’t break down permanently with an existential crisis every time death is considered, because the brain lies to itself.
Smash
Unskippable 30 sec ads every 4 minutes... holy fuck ads and patreon are fine... but this is worse than just regular TV.  Guess it's time to unsub and just watch the ripped re-uploads on dailymotion instead
2:10 you look violently lesbian
The movie creators confirmed that the giant monster at the end is in fact Cthulhu, hence the ancient ruin on the sea floor
Another banger another day. Thank you my man
This is some SOMA material right here. You should take a look at the game, it's great.
Thalassophobia Gang hates angler fish and to a lesser extent are not fond of Cthulhu.
Petition for roanoke to grow the most chadded beard his side of the Mississippi.
Love the videos man
Seeing the big squid my first thought was.... yum!... so much calamari....
Subnautica when
I really enjoyed this movie and I have actually watched it quite a few times.   But it never fails to freak me out because I have a huge phobia of water I can't see the bottom of....
I’ve just gotta say Mr Roanoke- you have inspired me. Idk if you somehow reworded my cognitive functions, influencing me in some way, but it’s like whatever advice you give- I take it lmao. (Using less anti-bacterial soap due to it degrading actual helpful microbes and the immune system,  not participating in “pleasuring oneself” due to great matter degradation/shrinkage, and so on)   ima high school senior who’s always been interested in science, speculative and actual biology etc, but I’ve been having ALOT of trouble trying to figure out my major, what college I wanna go to, etc.   Watching your videos and hearing about the absolute nerds in labs but also how you overcame that has really got me interested in pursuing microbiology while also going for my football scholarship. I really appreciate you.
The diving suits look like Gears of War armor.
Yesterday was my birthday I hope all read this
Fun fact, Subnautica in late game is basically this movie, but first person. And everything Knows you are there.
Can I just say for a second how much I love this channel between my love for movies and science this is the beautiful fusion I never knew I needed to add to that Roanoke your a true giga Chad your style of recap with jokes references and bio scientific knowledge  being second to none break out the bald eagles and force multipliers your true American 😂 🦅 🔫 🎇 🇺🇲🇺🇲
I've had tinnitus a few times in my right ear, constant ringing, but somehow I always adapt to it, tune it out and it never bothered me Is that normal?
3:08  It is too early in the morning for this kind of emotional damage, Broanoke.
Regarding "implosion causing explosion" - surprisingly yes.  An implosion event causes a flow of water inwards from all sides. And around the centre the waves run into each other and bounce off with huge force. And that creates an outwards going shock wave that under right conditions can be more powerful than an implosion.  The most spectacular example of this process is super nova. But underwater this also pretty easy to notice if you for example watch a slow motion footage of bullet travelling through water.
Holy shit green screen 😂
Brink back the beard buddy.
Sure, it's a trope at this point, but I'm glad for that black dude; Got that check and got out of most of that movie.
The common saying is that we know more about space than the oceans, though no idea if this is any true or not.
subnautica
I knew you had to have been the same age, which is why every reference you make lands with a tear to my eye from our teenage years.
God put monsters in the ocean for a reason, to keep us tf out of it
You actually pronounced them all correctly.
Amazing content as always. I’ve been binging your stuff recently since I currently have COVID and your stuff helps a lot with getting through it!
Always love the breakdowns and the potential science behind it, keep making dope videos!
For the segment where they feel high I was thinking it was nitrogen narcosis. Like how deep sea divers have to mix nitrogen and oxygen together when they deep sea dive but the nitrogen becomes more potent but I may be mistaken
A small correction, they were not going for oil in the movie, they were mining rare earth minerals.
DOG MEN!!!!
This movie was actually pretty darn good, better than it had any right to be actually
0:32 wait what
Anglers scary mamma!
I couldnt get over the gears looking suits. Still not a bad movie. Knew nothing about cthulhu being in it so that was a pleasent suprise.
It’s really terrifying to think that the hollow earth could be real.
As a higly experienced lucid dreamer i can tell you, that this fear of deep dark ocean is a common thing in subconsciouses all over the world. I have those nightmares too. It represents the subconscious itself as the unknown terrain inside ourselves. And what we don't understand, we fear. Greetings from Germany  Chrissie
I wonder how Roanoke feels about angler fish
I was wondering when u would do this movie lol. Hey how about the corruption in the game ark survival evolved?🧐🤣
7:21 *_"DEW IT"_*
while interesting, I think it was an angler fish
THAT FACT IS NOT FUN  Also, the suit  That exploded probably did start with an implosion before it ruptured whatever that power suit uses as a power source. Probably lithium, And lithium does not do well with mechanical stress or water.
tldw: its rabies
“Rodrigo gets Oceangated.” I laughed way too hard at that 😂
8:26 had me in stitches,hilarious as always Roanoke!
I have thassalophobia and submechanophobia, this movie is a whole lot of NOPE
What's your opinion on anglerfish?
Where is the beard good god who are you
writers and other movie making people have a dramatically low level of real life experience and actual intelligence. That is why in movies things are usually so poorly designed, they try to counter this by having expert consultants, but, those people who consult rather than actually doing, do so for a reason, like the old saying goes, "Those who cant do, teach", its the same for most consultants.
Papa Roanoke, tell me your real thoughts on the angler fish xD
Love the honesty about working in the bottom of the sea, nope nope nope 😂 anglerfish lol
Alright this one might not be rabies
Oh based sir, i didn't realize how much I've missed your content. Ripper stuff as always 👀🤩🌞 glad to see ya!! 🤍
Oh hell yea!!!! Thanks for doing this movie!!!!! I’d LOVE to see a video on the Expanse protomolecule virus☺️☺️
The most unrealistic thing about this movie is that if any of these structures were to leak on the ocean floor the entire structure would unalive itself within miliseconds of the leak.
Last time i came this early my wife wouldn't speak to me for a week, must've been swapped
So the creatures are Dagon and the big boss it Cthulu i guess
Where Until Dawn wendigo
Just a quick game suggestion. Outer Wilds. It's a very... relaxing, game.
It could possibly lie somewhere in the middle of the somewhat supernatural and nature with these creatures.
These bipedal creatures are basically the Deep Ones of H.P Lovecraft. A version of it, the Deep Ones are servants of Dagon and the Star Spawn are servants of Great Cthulhu. Yes Cthulhu is in Underwater. I would love to see how you would explain him in this movie 😂 yes please explain to everyone about the Lovecraftian creatures and the Great Old One himself 😂
fantastic videos man!
An RG and an RT video in 24 hours? Yes please. I believe her name is Kristen though
One of the most underrated movies in recent memory
Our boy here seems to be referring to anglerfish a lot. I'm a bit worried about him.
Roanoke blessing us with another weekend upload! 🙏
Rock with lots of water in it sounds like we found the water spawner
28?? Im 24 and my body already feels like a poorly built house of cards
I don’t get the angler fish joke…
Fallout?
so happy to see you cover this one! It reminded me of the Alien series, just underwater. Gave me the same claustrophobic, crushing terror.
They missed out on naming this movie Deepthroat. Also why wouldn't the suit cycle the pressure before going into the water to see if it would fail. Also, also, why even have glass helmets instead of polycarbon.
9 minutes in and I realize I'm here 19 minutes after posting.
Love a good ocean horror video by Roanoke. Something about them just help me sleep better at night.
Subnatica VR do it! I also fear the ocean NGL I noped out the Black panther part too
Kicking off my scorching and freezing weekend with scary ocean monsters. Hell yeah.
Ask those billionaires if an implosion causes explosion, i know they have an answer for that 💀💀💀
Mediating lengthens your telomeres as well.
This film definitely intrigued me when I first watched it. Glad you could cover it.
Roanoke does NOT like angler fish, Noted.
My new favorite Roanoke-ism is when he describes every scary underwater thing as "Anglerfish!".
If you're looking for me, you'd better check under the sea. cause that is where you'll find me underneath the sea lab underneath the Water sea lab at the bottom of the sea.
Roanoke, you are an absolute chad for uploading so much great content on both your channels! Thank you so much for not being lazy and onky uploading new content like once per month even though you have alot of subscribers! ❤
I just woke up you know its gonna be a good day when Roanoke just uploaded.
Any ETA for a video on the Quarians from Mass Effect?
It's Cthulhu. Kind of why I hated this movie. Don't get me wrong. Cthulhu is cool, but he is kind of cliche. About as cliche as the twilight chick that stars in this movie.
Someone other than me watched this week's episode of "How the Universe Works" on Discovery. ;)  And it's definitely implied it's Cthulhu.
I honestly loved these movie
The great Cthulhu has beckoned me to contribute. Plus I love your content.
Come with me and we’ll see a world full of OSHA violations
Eighty (one) comments. Six likes. Hmmm. People need to get on the button
It's the worst while trying to sleep because of the silence. I usually blast a video, your content included, while trying to sleep. The noise really helps drown out the ringing and help me sleep.
Thalassophobia is a pain. And I have Cetaphobia* too, which makes underwater always horrifying for me.  *The irrational fear of Whales. I like them, but quickly build up anxiety when i see them, resulting in a panic attack after a few minutes. That happens at a 1000 times quicker rate when I hear their songs. Its annoying as I love Animals and want to know more about them.
Stop making me regret having a diving license
When I heard Cthulhu was the big bad I immediately went to watch this, and it was entertaining, but being a huge Lovecraft nerd it fell flat a little. Even looking at Cthulhu will drive you into pure insanity, your mind can't comprehend him. They failed completely in capturing that aspect of him and it broke my heart a little because I'm such a fanboy. Still enjoyed the movie though
Viewing this on my 24th birthday. I always enjoy seeing your breakdown on these movies and talking about the bio and science logic behind these things Roanokegaming. Humanity is forever number 1!
Subnautica!  Subnautica! Subnautica!
Here's my sacrifice for the algorithm gods
Did he cut his hair?
I totally understood having your almonds being activated by Subnautica, as it use to do that for me as well i don't remember how I conquered my  fear of the open ocean playing that game but hey at least I can free dive now
Thanks for another awesome video Roanoke!
Those creatures literally live for the phrase "what that mouth do?"
The oil IS dinosaurs. BUT also every single other organism. Just the ratio of marine life to dinosaurs is insanely high.
BODY SWALLOWING Bipedal Ocean....... hmmm, just like my mother in law.
Seeing as. I'm never actually in the deep ocean. Doesn't really affect me too much in real life but even in video games I'm fearful of deep water not because of the water but because I have no f****** clue what is underneath it that might want to eat me
My new favorite channel I love your sarcasm 😂😂🎉
8:26 Best joke of the entire video, lmao  Edit 37:54 Second best joke of the video  Quality stuff man.
Would these taste like fish though or human flesh though due to they resemblance
Bro, keep these videos coming! Been following since 2019, I love your breakdowns of everything!
Internet historian uploaded a video on the main channel today! Coincidence, I think not!👍
Upvote now and watch late.
Bring back the beard.
Yessssssssssssss
A future movie recommendation: Alligator from 1980.  At first it is just another cash in of the killer animal craze from Jaws.  However unlike a lot of movies that just role with "Wow, how can this animal be so big?" there is an in movie explanation involving growth hormones.  Illegal tests on dogs and other animals where used to see if they could make them grow twice the size.  However when they where done they dropped the bodies into the sewers and guess what just happened to be living in those sewers and ate the dead dogs?  Really might make for a fun episode down the line.  Also it's currently on Shudder so it's easy to find.
Well not first or anything but got here within the first 10 minutes
Heck yeah ✨fresh✨
Agreed, Thalassaphobia is a pain.  I can’t play Subnautica whatsoever. Or watch it usually. 😅
Me: Wants more horror/Syfy movies to watch  Roanoke Gaming: Releases new video  Me: Thanks Roanoke Gaming 👍
I'm 27 and my body already feels like it's dying.
Vore, Roanoke. Vore.
It world me amusing to see you cover planets vs zombies franchise. Idk how you would cover it but itd be amusing
So you could say the ocean Rocks. 😏
What a great Saturday morning, coffee, a J and a Roanoke video
i wish i had the ability to control my biomass like muzan from demon slayer
A harpoon probably would've came in handy against that.
I HAVE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS! 😁🤗
Best Lovecraft film.
underwater is actually a fantastic movie and Kirstin did a fantastic job. the white rabbit is an amazing throughline thru the movie, especially if we ask ourselves if it was a real or fake rabbit? keep in mind we are dealing with an old god messing with the mind.  i dont think the supernatural aspect is a cop out. underwater is the best ctuhulu mythos movie we've gotten ever
As much as space fascinates me the ocean is what is a real frontier of discovery despite my severe Thalassophobia
Oh hell yeah, right before I take a nap, there's a brand new video up?
Wot dat mouth do
Oh yeah, good Job! Awesome video  Edit: also I want to mention, that those Underwater suits look pretty fooking cool 😄
This monster's got nothing on my ex
My favorite part of this movie was watching a suit implode and then later watching a HUD display suspected blast radius of the self destruct sequence with live simulated radar.  Kristen Stewart has sunk a long way in her acting career
Attempt number infinite to get Roanoke to cover the undead and infected from _I am a Hero_ ;-;
I am here!
Bro!! I wish I could sub twice!!!!
At work and just finished your last episode. Keep up the great work man 👍
This scene was akward in the cinema because i was with my family and all i could think of was wanting to be swallowed like that🤤
Hey Papa R!  I was thinking it would be pretty awesome to have you do a video on the Toy Story toys. I know it would be a bit challenging but I know you're capable of it, and my son Tucker would absolutely love it. Hell, I bet lots of younglings would. Maybe as a Christmas video?  Love your content, brother!
I am once again asking for you to make a video about the biology of the titans from attack on titan
Ayy, 3 mins for notification, very good for youtube because it usually takes 2 weeks
Thank you Mr Gaming
2 min gang
Roanoke Im early, we must mate
WOOOOOOO I CAUGHT ANOTHER ROANOKE UPLOAD
Finally :D        Love this movie
Damn how did you know I have been binging 😮😮😮
Thanks for watching guys! Hope yall have a good weekend!
Ayyyyyy yo
Love your videos man, keep it up I the descriptions of the movies and the science following it, it’s all awesome.
1min gang
Holy shit 46 seconds ago first comment baaaby
roanoke im first to view and comment 50sec gang
Damn, never been this early to anything
