omg ur killing me with that seat..   An o yea those are hot.... LOl TOB # 3
The fuel injection is basically like a Crossfire in a 84 Corvette C4 and the last C3 model years.
Great car! Super stylish. Super sweet. If not for you you-tubing the hell out, I’m afraid, this, like so many of its brethren, would’ve ended its days piggybacked high up in some dismal yard off yonder.
17846 is an actual part number for a Walker muffler!
🎶 cross thread’s better than no thread 🎶
the break drum is waiting for the car to catch up to it  two states away
Might call parts store and have them hold another  starter just in case l m a o
There garbage very hard to work on. Let it go for parts
From experience, all Caddys had muffler issues, in that they fell off going down the street.  Wrote lots of tickets for exhaust issues on Cadillacs.  Whoever designed these Cads should be in prison.  Bad cars!
Tear the top off of that engine and put a carb on it.  Other wise jerk it and toss in a small block.  Typical junk Cadillac POS although the car doesn't look to bad.  Good luck!
So it's DOD before DOD came out on an LS
This car was a good challenge for you, Derek. You figured it out in time. Nice job 👏 👍 🙌❤
CRY LAUGHING at the tank strap removal! Your face nearly being removed twice had me laughing so hard I woke up my wife 😂
2:02:25
Derik plz Ppe
1:04:00 thanks for doing what you do this was hilarious and painful to watch. I loved it.
I had a 84 caddy with the same issue with the seat I pulled the flex shaft out of the motor and used a drill to move the seat worked like a charm love these revival videos
It would have had 50 pounds of tannerite on the front seat and well you know the next step.  Ha ha. Boom!
In those years they just piled all sorts of useless bull poop into the engine bay instead of fitting a 4 pot out of some VW with twice the horses. Does this bucket produce, say 90 hp even.
62'000 miles, impressive, with that silly V2468 engine.
I owned two cars in a row with the autochoke hold full Nelson 2000 seat belt s and hated em the first was an 80s Chrysler Le Baron that was a gift and the second was a Mercury Tracer forget the year but it was even worse 😂
Amazing tenacity...I pride myself in always coming back for more punishment until it's fixed, but I would've thrown in the towel about 1/2 way through this video.
Did you turn it into a Demo Derby car?
No wonder you stick with carburetor engines. TBI sucks.
Is the car for sale do you still have it????
Unless its edited to not show it, his patience is unreal
Let's see the 8 6 4 system work
I have an '85 El Dorado that belonged to a notorious car dealer around here. As far as I know, he bought it new from Potempkin Cadillac in New York. I dragged it out of a tree line behind the old dealership.
That looks like gm's version of the 91 F150, a super complicated engine management. At least you're not dealing with the duel fuel tanks 😅 Good luck with it guy
great effort but a turd is a turd. The fire was the last straw
I coulda had a V-8   !!!
How about hotrod heads intake and and *carbs. You already have a Cadillac, but do you have a burnout Cadillac?
I can't believe I bought one I have to change out the motor
I have the 5.7l diesel you got the wrong coupe..
Makes me wonder how people steal catalytic converters so quickly and so easily….
I had the same problem with my 81 caddy..i put a 94 suburban engine with the 700 tranny
You fighting to get that muffler off had me rolling in laughter ...."new goal " once it drive just a bit....find the nearest cliff, and put a brick on the pedal and let it go!
Do TBI experts exist? LOL! had one once, never again.
Derek is like ASMR
32:00 100% Blues Clues vibe. 😂
A concept too far ahead of the digicals at the time.  And still a struggle today.
Feeling for you brother! Tough one right there
I have a cadillac story like this I wanted to share with you  don't know how
02:03:05
No oxygen sensor on the old cat disconnected? Needs exhaust system.
No spark? That things slowly becoming a handful.
I worked for Cadillac as a district service manager when that car was introduced. In pre-release service meetings, it was well-known from the very beginning, that the 8/6/4 was planned to be a one-year-only engine. The big problem was the early Delco electronics. The MAP sensor was calibrated with too-close tolerances. If the engine hic-upped (backfired) it would shut down. There was no repair except to replace the MAP sensor. The bigger problem was replacement stock was the exact same part, and it took GM a while before an updated unit could be supplied. Dealers would disconnect the 8/6/4 feature, running it as an 8cyl only. The press had a field day. I inspected a limo in West Palm Beach, Florida, that the owner wanted all the interior chrome replaced. Someone had discharged a tear gas device inside the car that caused the damage ( the interior chrome pieces came from different suppliers, so it was impossible for all of it to be defective) and I denied the claim. It turned out the limo was owned by the owner of the newspaper 'The National Inquirer" (famous for stories like 'I got pregnant by an alien, etc.) They went on a HUGE hate campaign, smearing the vehicle, which only threw fuel on the fire. Those were tough times to be a Cadillac District Service manager.
Hydro locked, fuel drippage.
Did they put filter on with a 3/4 impact.
Put those in an ultra sonic cleaner, I've done that with those and it worked pretty good on an old Suburban my buddy has. 😮
TPS report? Office linebacker?
8:32 he said dude must have been short damn you really never been in the car and thats no kidding hes very busy hed say cars get dropped on regular basis waiting for their 🎬  d3but
11:30 - I’m picking up some Geraldo reporting on Capone,s safe vibes there.
What did that muffler do to that guy?   ...Larry
Put a carburetor on it. If I could afford it, I'd buy it after it's done.
New injectors
I seen the car raised up when you took that catalytic converter out
As soon as I saw the rusty fuel tank sending unit and fuel pump hanger, I would have ordered 2 TBI INJECTORS.
car of irony, given the initial comments about gas tank removal... haha great wrok
Weird to see Derek with a camera person, another fantastic video!
Those power seat cables are under the seats. I had a 69 skylark w a bench seat a 70 98 and a 78 caprice. All used cars and great as well. I dealt w them. Mainly cleaning the contacts. Best o luck.😊
I think the 368 was the last of the cast iron cadillac v8s. I didn't wrench on them, but was a lot boy in this era for a lot of gm dealers. 1980/85. I drove them all.😢😢 the olds diesel was fun😢. Nice strong starter😊. I have a friend w a 79 425. If i remember correctly the 368 was down sized version. We won t even mention the ht4100😂 caddy buyers were ?#!@$%^&.they moved over to lincoln.great work on a huge g m mistake. Thank you. Hope you can get power seat to behave. Happy trails!!😊
NIGHTMARE , you kept your cool Derek , we've all been there!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Swap it for the carb!
2 steps forward 4.564876 back😂
Well i know you did your best but you looked burnt out on this devil nothing was going well  flip it unless you replaced that carb to a holly perhaps
Maybe your right Derrick its haunted like christine
Wow that carburetor was a nightmare
Bless you lol
Auto computers loose their minds below 13.2 volts
I think you’re one hell of a mechanic. But I don’t know if you’re trying to be a hand model or a comedian,but it’s not working stick to fixing cars. Do what you’re good at, fixing cars.😅
Right blinker is in a wheelchair, left is paralyzed. Props for sticking with it Derek. We all been there before. I have a TBI as well same setup. Just died on me last week was ignition control module in distributor. Crank no start. Always 8 cyls on my 95 though lol.
34:30 "Third rule of being a dad, you gotta learn how to dad sneeze." 😂
Idk what the tire pressure sensor reports are but beyond popular belief Derek is right.   You in fact don’t need oil or a filter if the engine is locked . You can tell by the way it is .
One of the first over-complicated cars in existence! 😂
DEREK, YOU DID ALL YOU COULD,  it doesn't want to leave, , you do great work 👏,  , 😊
This was a rough one, but your perseverance and humor made it an amazing watch! Thanks for sharing the struggle and the victory (eventually!).
That engine is a mess lol
This thing looks so good, I'd be tempted to engine swap the whatever contraption for something more reliable, then drive it until the wheels fall off.
Electronics should NEVER have been introduced to the internal combustion engine.
Derek I gotta tell you. I'm now watching some of your videos a second time around. It's been long enough where I kinda forgot the video so now I get to watch it all over again!
The rear must have spent serious time in mud or water just by the underside but the paint seems to  say otherwise.
Remember that one year Cadillac built a lemon, the national inquirer called it the caddy that ruined lemonade.
Great attempt and miles of patience. Me, I would refurbish the exhaust system and send the vehicle to the scrap yard😊😊😊😊
You did revive one v8v6v4 previously from the field couple years back
You told me to remind you not to buy or work on anything post 1973 unless it was made in Japan or the Eastern block.... but I was too many of your videos and forgot to do so.  2-4-6 you would think independent injectors shutting down.  How do you get economy with unburned gas?  Were they on LSD when they designed it?
Why not use an IV bag with a drip line to test the engine for sparkalator?
I hate to say this but you bought a pos. Unless you replace that engine it will never run right for very long. 😂
Hats off ! Brilliant mental diagnostic on the engine running problem (no OBD !). Relying on extensive automotive knowledge and experience. And that's the point. When you buy a non-running older vehicle, you never know what previous owners or hack mechanics have done to it, so standard reasoning is not always going to work. Seems like Derek is in his element on this stuff. Respect ! No manual exists that would troubleshoot these issues.
did ya check the blinker fluid?
Ok, normally i don't critisize you, but: God damned, wear safety glasses! Your eyes, your hands and your ears are your capital.🍻🇺🇸
BLEEP BLOOP Fuel injection was the start of over complication that cars really didnt need , made to lower emissions and make it so the car couldent be worked on in the garage back home🙄 im so glad you keep these old cars going for the younger generation to realise how bad modern cars are to work on at home you do us proud derek avoid any more of these shiny apples derek they look good on the outside but inside there just rotten
Watching this right now, I’m hoping so bad that “a guy” will disconnect that alien spaceship 468 system to run thiS Cadddy on all eight as God intended
BLEEP BLOOP Your attempt at removing mouse muffler was truly awful but funny non the less 🤠
One the AFM was disabled the 368  engine was ok better than the Hook & Tow 4100 and the Oldsmobile 5.7 Diesal. In 1982 Cadillac had yet another bad idea like a 4.1L Buick V-6 as standard and GM gave you a $200.00 credit. Yes a Buick 4.1L V-6 was standard.
Every time you think to yourself “maybe American cars got a bad rap”, watch this video.
CTL ALT DEL
you almost got a strike with the brake drum  but instead it looked like you got a split ,,, turn the car around and try to pick up the split with the other drum ,,, that would of made the video...
Flood car
VGG is the perfect metaphor for what makes America awesome: one half know-how and well thought out problem solving; one half smashing things until they conform to our desires.
Atari
Yes! Sawzalls are easier to use to cut exhausts off than with a grinder and a cutting disc.
Derek rocks! Now I hope one day he and Alex from Legit Street cars do a collab. It would be epic!
When you start singing to your revival-- it's time to fall back and regroup.   I wish I could say that kind of crap never happens to me.   Electronics can break a Guy's heart.  A for effort, wobble pop approved.
Well Guy,  that was hardwork.  Crazy stuff going on in that car.  You need some cold snacks!
Thankfully I worked for GM AFTER that nightmare of a car
1:20:30 I miss the trill of pulling an awkward 7/8 full tank of fuel using a half crushed incandescent trouble light with a cage thats booger welded together
Worst engine on the planet? Maybe 🤔
Im laughing the whole time, reminiscing when I rebuilt the tbi on my chevy 350 😂 I had the same struggles.  Ended up swallowing my pride and watched a few decent videos on them. Took the headache out of it and had it put back together, no problem.
i would love to see another episode of watching you get this car running perhaps swap intakes and run a carb or run the tuned port set up with computer from a wreck the possibities are endless then at a 500 mile road trip. Love the show keep up the determination.
1:10 they come off easier with a drug addiction
is that how rednecks lift weights
Yes this is an Old Video BUT just gotta say it l absolutely HATE when Derrick is too LAZY to fix things and do things the correct way.  For instance with the Oil Filter Man take the extra time and do it right.  Even if you have to do it off camera DAMN it just doesn't make sense Half Ass doing things.
I’ve never seen Derek this stumped on an engine. 😂
Derik, you were the funniest I've seen in all your videos.  The absolute frustration you had to feel could be felt through the ole computer screen.   Too bad the car didn't cooperate.
The choking seat belts; early nineties Eclipse, Spider, and Laser.
A fellar bought one of these off my buddy when I was in highschool for $150. It had no brakes, was throwing engine belts and the motor ran like trash but it had like grandma only went for groceries in it mileage. Found out the A/C pump was seized so we bypassed that with a 350gm engine belt and it ran but awfully cause of the 4-6-8 setup. There were sensors on the valve covers if you unplugged it would run on all 8 cylinders which fixed the motor not running right. I didn’t have a license so my cousin came to pick it up and drive it home (5min drive) but someone stole my temp tag and the police in my town were super corrupt they pulled us over and said they’d have to impound it for No tag. I told em they 100% were linked with the bmv and could see a valid tag was issued for it which was obviously stolen off it (we think by the original owner now angry I hit her running). Cops took her (and it was an insane amount to get her out so I left her) they harassed me at school for months to surrender the title which I kept passing around between friends and family cause they can’t get an abandonment title if it keeps changing hands within 30days. My grandfathers lawyer served the police for harassment and they finally left me alone. They had to scrap the car instead of auction it, we sent a friend to the scrapyard to try and buy it but they were apparently ordered not to sell the car 😂. I still hate police 30yrs later.
About  6 minutes in, I seriously expected this to turn into an LS swap.
Some cars just need to be left to rush in silence.    RIP 81 Caddy
Love the old american cars. Crap power for engine size, but traditional, bigger is betterclol
No wonder VGG is a long way apart from everything else.  Derek is a genius cause most people would have not come close to starting this car. Incredible work on the injectors. Just mind boggling that you can do all this and still smile. Genius indeed!!!
After all that I think you need to get it running just for your own sanity and the win over Casper the friendly ghost caddy
Very different watching with. Camera person vs you alone lol
A  Guys gunna say it...Camera Guy isnt As Good as Derek When Derek's doing Derek. Love all the Content tho. But OLD videos I watch over n over. Just my Opinion Settle er down Sally. Side note- Opens hood----" I dont understand" 😂😂
Hes a way better man than I, i would have been losing my absolute mind!!!! Like yelling at grasshopper's in Virginia, blaming the spruce pine beetle in northern Alberta!!!!!
56:30 time stamp, need battery power to the ECM.
Junk the motor
Sell it for parts, it was a piece of junk when it was new. There was a HUGE class action suit in New Jersey in 1981. I have owned many Cadillacs they are sabotaged at the factory...
I always love the reaction when a car starts for the first time
my 86 has a 2.8l v6 with a tbi and boy are they trouble.
My 30 year old Fiat has throttle body injection and works like clock work day after day after decades. It may not be pimpy but my size is elsewhere.
A white two door Cadillac can mean only two things about the previous owner. Either a former Italian Mafia member or a black drug dealer.
Blue walls make me sad.
That thing needs a 502 with a 400 Turbo
try plugging in one injector only!
The 368 Engine is a big block and was a good engine if you disconnect the 8/6/4 deactivation
Swap The Carb, And All Of The Junk For Something That Works.  I Know It's A Rare Engine, But Right Now It Isn't Running Right, So It Isn't Rare At All............I Can Show You Hundreds Of Motors That Don't Run.  A Person Could Take It And Have It Hooked To A Computer To See What's Up, But To Find Another Car Computer, Then It Still Has To Be Reset By A Professional..............Switch Out The Carb, And The Unnecessary Wires, Hoses And Do-Dabs That Aren't Needed, Then You Can Kick Yourself In The Ass Later.
Basically trying to figure out and fix a concept car
If you want to run an engine on only some of the cylinders pop some spark wires off it would be more successful 😂
It took me waaaay too long to get that "sad cable" joke for the lighting cube. 😂
Put a LS in it
2:18:16 that minute was gold Derek 😂
wheelchairs and paralysis! Hilarious!
Oops!
The eighties…not GM’s greatest decade.
Derek, you are really on to something BIG I'd love to see you talk more about.  America's greatest years were when we had a race to the moon, Detroit was cranking out  well designed, well built high technology vehicles that a feller could learn about and own and FIX!  As the owner of a '65 Plymouth Fury III,  every time I get behind her wheel, I am always struck by how much car tech has evolved over the 60 years since she was built!  I understand why it was perfectly logical to computerize everything- to maximize fuel efficiency, to make the ride nicer, to make all the parts do smarter things, but... its all at the detriment of making auto tech out of the reach of the average feller! (Unfortunately that seems to be on purpose, which is a whole nother rabbit hole to explore! They don't want fellers fixing their cars!) Yep, the newer cars are minor miracles, and I have some of them too, and appreciate what they're good for!  But I can't maintain them like I can my '65!  And I can't understand the more and more cryptic logic behind how their dern computers are thinkin'!    You have an amazing channel, obviously you've struck a nerve with fellers that like being able to Bring On The Thunder and keep the old tech around - if nothing else than to keep us conscious of what we've lost with all our high tech wizardry!  Your approach to every problem is a tribute to American Ingenuity, and can teach a feller how to think straight - about cars, about life, about family... and about the future and what it ought to look like!   I mostly keep vintage electronics alive, (scanimate.com) but I started out cleaning the carb on a VW beetle in 1968 and my Dad taught me how to use tools and break, fix, and make things!. I live near Asheville, NC and am from Kingsport TN. I'd be happy to give you a tour of my shop if you're ever over this way! Keep up the good work!
wow i have some caddie fuel pumps new one used to replace them at my old job
The engine itself is a fine piece...It was the goofy electronics that made it as bad as it was.   AND interesting enough, guess who is having MAJOR engine issues TODAY  with the same bullshit of cylinder deactivation.  Hmmmmmm
Do a new carb
That drum was bailing on you
I'VE NOTICED THAT YOU YOUNGSTERS...... SEEM TO HAVE UNWARRANTED FAITH IN ELECTRONICS.... Us OLDER GUYS KNOW THAT THE STUFF OUT OF THE 80S AND EARLY 90S IS ABSOLUTELY CRAP BECAUSE THEY WERE LEARNING HOW TO MAKE IT WORK IF THEY COULD...... I'VE LEARNED TO APPRECIATE A CARBURETOR IN A DISTRIBUTOR SO BAD.  That YOU JUST WOULDN'T BELIEVE IT....
Soooo..... THIS IS WHAT YOU DO...... YOU GET AHOLD OF THAT DUDE WHO BUILDS THIS LIKE 500 HORSEPOWER CADILLACS..... AND YOU STRIP EVERY PIECE OF ELECTRONICS OFF OF THAT THING THAT YOU CAN POSSIBLY DO.... PUT A CARBURETOR ON IT.... IN A SET OF POINTS....
Could have had that muffler off in minutes with a m12 or 18 mw hacksaw. Why all that struggle
Thank you for the 10 minute "muffler bench press" delete.... that was gold.
Derek I love watching your videos...but 2:20 is movie length....I watch on my phone so by videos end I gotta crick in my neck.
Better when you record yourself. Either need a gimbal system or cameraman needs less redbull
In 1996 I bought my very first car!  A used 1981 Cadillac Coupe De Ville with this infamous engine.  Luckily the previous owner "fixed" it so the engine ran always on 8 cylinders.  Big, comfy, and smooth.  That was Cadillac back then.  I kept that car until 2002 until the transmission failed.  You never forget your first car.
Demo derby sounds cool. Or drop a 700hp crate engine in there.
My professor first year of trade school taught us about these, he said the dealer he worked at just cut the wires for the MDS and moved on
Watched a BUNCH of your Videos ... 1st time I've seen you get your a$$ kicked by a GM ... or anything else for that matter.... admire your patience.... gr8t video!
We can confirm and testify in court if ever needed that Mr. Derek is not a catalytic converter thief 😂😂😂😂
This was so funny because Iv been frustrated like this before 😂
I am one of the suckers who bought an 81 Sedan Deville with that engineering abomination 8-6-4.  Biggest piece of sh!+ ever produced, and i regretted buying it from the first week, when it lost power.  Shop, fix, home, same problem.  Rinse and repeat..  No lemon laws back then, so I was suck with it until I traded for a Mark VI.  The 8-6-4 had god-awful drive-you-to-drink engineering.  Even running perfectly, it was rough running on 6 cylinders, and there were always reported performance issues--it was rolling garbage.   The 4 cylinder mode was so weak it wouldn't keep the car at speed above 45 miles an hour, except down hills.   Pretty car, just hideous engineering.  The 8-6-4 IS the reason I switched to Lincoln.  After a few months of it spending more time at the dealership than my garage, I picked it up from the Cadillac dealer running well and drove straight to the Lincoln dealer.  Bought an 82 Mark VI Givenchy. The Mark VI was quite a bit more expensive, but  It was one of the best cars I ever owned.  I drove it trouble free for 10 years.  It was a dramatically better built and better engineered car than the cadi-lackluster.  I've owned 8 Lincolns over the years (2 Marks, a Towncar, a Zehyr, an LS and a 3.0 TT MKZ, and 2 Navigators).  Even the Lincoln LS with coils that wouldn't last more than about 60K miles was dramatically better than that crap-box Caddy 8-6-4.
Whelp, I have never seen nor did I know you could bottle feed a fuel injected car. Guess it would be you.
I know absolutely nothing about car motors. But couldn't you just remove the fuel erector and put in a carburetor? Like Derek always said, I don't know.
With the iac all out of wack the computer was trying to compensate for the iac seen it many times
Carb swap
Carb swap that piece of crap design,  it never worked right that's why they stopped making computer controlled carbs they were a joke
A neighbor  had one back then. His was modified to run 8 all time.  They were a basket case
A neighbor  had one back then. His was modified to run 8 all time.  They were a basket case
A feller should drop the 472 big block in it from the mud-n-mouse caddy. Enjoy
1:09:34 derek finally losing it and going joker mode
Those are my favorite older cars. My mother just sold her yellow one last year and never told me because the guy stopped at her house and bought it on the spot. I can’t wait to find on I can afford.
my mom had one of those. the computer only failed one time on a road trip to Miami when it was only a few months old. luckily that was the only time it failed after that it lasted 200,000 miles. . anyway, that is one of my favorite caddy coup bodies. is it available?
day one watcher...  get a sawsaw
Man I wish you would protect your eyes when using angle grinders - I don't care if your deaf but blind would be a curse. You even had a pair in the parts box when you returned from the store.
Crusher
Those hubcaps looked like Oldsmobile hubcaps. I could be wrong but they look similar.  I had a 1981 Cadillac Sedan Deville. Bought it my junior year of high school in 2001 for 2500. It was Canari yellow. Mine had a leather interior though. Even had my senior pictures taken with it. It only had 104k on it when i bought it and was in near mint condition. Mine luckily had the 4-6-8 already overode...overridden....anywhos it only ran on 8 cylinders,  didn't kick down. My MPG sentinel  worked great though and did say 8 for the "active cylinders" button, when pressed. I do remember having problems with the electronic heater system and had fan motors go out a couple times for some reason. I did replace the plastics in the rear of mine also becasue i backed into my sisters boyfriends car and bow the one and it eventually broke out. My engine did always run great though. Never had an issue with it running. Did replace fuel pump  once and put air shocks on the rear end of it. i put the fill valve behind the license plate bracket in the rear. worked really well. Really loved that car about as much as my 1978 Lincoln Town Car i had when i was 16.  Unfortunately i let my dad take it to a Dr. appointment one morning and it was really foggy and he ran a stop sign at the end of a road and went off into a 4 foot drop into a ditch. The whole front end front the center front tires was bent upward at about at 30 to 40 degree angle. My dad was ok. Banged up a bit but he was so upset about it. I just told him i didnt give a crap about the car. I was so glad he was ok. and i told her (the car) before i got rid of it Thanks for protecting my dad,  Was a great car. Electronic stuff was a hot mess but i was happy to have a bit of a unicorn 🦄. Anyway locved the episode. This one really hit home with me.
Somebody call the cops that mufflers kicking your ass😂!!! All in good fun!
This was the most painful VGG video I have watched so far.  Hopefully the second video brings this nightmare to an end.
Didn't they try to use a gas block into a diesel?
GM: Let’s set out to make the country’s most luxurious yet fuel efficient American-made Premium vehicle in an effort to try to help our customers deal with the crippling fuel crisis while also maintaining the highest standards of the Cadillac brand.  Also GM: Makes an engine that was lucky to last 3 years of moderate use, and makes the electric seat gears out of the same material that a cup holder you can buy at a cheap car wash is made out of so they crumble like a stale saltine cracker faster than you can say “raise the debt ceiling,” trapping Sasquatch-sized men in the vehicle in 40 years, forcing him to choose whether to cut his leg off with his Leatherman or die of starvation.
Low voltage to the computer?
Best episode EVER! From the drum launch to the TBI Fire I couldn’t stop 😂😂😂Thank you!
I bet in 1981 there wasn't an "obladi oblada" (OBD) port to make some dignostics...
I can definitely see why a guy would try to save this, but destroy a running corvette. Good call!😂
Your skills are unmatched as your patience.  Unfortunately the car no so impressive. Such a waste of resources and fuel in useless under powered monsters of yesteryear. Cadillac was so close when realizing lesser cyclinder saves everything but was already so far in not building more smaller efficient cars.
472 swap
I just saying to myself....rip out that whole mess and put in a big block with a big carb and ZERO computer B.S.    ...absolute FAIL on cadillac
One of Cadillacs worst engine failures of any model.
Is this vice grip garage with a camera man?!!!! I'll need a cold snack
Hi Derek, you got great channel, you have a lot of laurel and Hardy slapstick going on, just natural performer this guy! good luck!
derek is hilarious ... makes me think of all the old school motorheads i knew growing up
I really must ask. What happens to all your tires? They always start out with white details but soon turns blue.
Real cream puff
I had one I couldn’t kill it HT 4.1 shit brown 140k miles loved that car wrecked it hit a jersey barrier going backwards @60 mph
Im pretty sure that Caddy has been censored with all those censors!!
You good people
Those TBIs have a million gaskets and screens, but they're pretty easy to rebuild. My question is why do the kits cost $70? So many vehicles have these in them, but a handful of o rings and paper gaskets are a million dollars?
I had the buick Riviera 1981 with the diesel. I immediately pulled the diesel who put in a rocket. Three fifty olds  perfect mat Match. My old man bought a elder b ritz. In 1980 one, it had a 6 cylinder B6 in it. I was trying to get him to do the same thing but he wouldn't listen
Can you spell "LS SWAP"     hahahaha
You added the air cleaner...
Rip the whole engine and all out and put in a carburetor and a 400 Gm
Looks like a great candidate for an LS swap...     wow........
The patience of Job.
Maybe the computer feels no back pressure and overcompensating cars require engines require pressure to operate properly. That’s why these Davison people put open exhaust on. It won’t idle at a stoplight because there’s no back pressure on the engine.
Coolant temp sensor?
The brake drum flying off sent me LOL
The dad sneeze got me good. LOL
Makes me wonder who filmed this video for a guy. We don’t normally see an “in motion” camera perspective haha.
Get those safety glasses on please i got a little bit in my eye nearly lost the sight but doctors saved it.
I’d like to see a Quadrajet on an adapter plate and disable the computer.
I had one of those Cadillac it made a boat  ⚓️
The starter is sticking 😅😅😅
You have more patience than me.
I’d much rather work on something from the 40s-50s-or 60s than this wire infested plastic computerized thing, old cars have soul.
I was a master union electrician.  I am Really enjoying your  escapades. Remines me of how I got things in factories to work .
Music from 49:00? You've changed Derek
are those old Caddy bumper plastics remanufactured? Cos that is a monstrous beauty
You really need to wear safety glasses when using an angle grinder.
my folks had an 81 coup de Vile de elegance, silver paint went to hell bad primer bond. they are cursed
I want that if you sell it
😂😂😂
Wow.  I um, huh.  I don't even have words man.. wow.   I'm roughly 3/4 of the way through and looks you're trouble shooting the starter and something else.  Whew, looking forward to seeing how this ends.
So very thankful I bought a 1978 Cadillac Fleetwood! 180hp is plenty for my 61 year old self!
When you've got the quiet camera man laughing
You totally wimped out man. The little fire incident really took the fight out of him
check the ground connection on the computer? probably rusted
New camera? Eveything looks dull and brown.
call the1960 elcamino the bat wing
An engine ahead of its time the computer just couldn’t keep up with the calculations needed many were put back into one mode ie just v-8. Oddly they have gone back to these issues with the current variable displacement v-8 which still has tons of lifter issues. Bought a Toyota Tercel in the 80s and the seller said they were upgrading to one of theses engines for more power.
safety squints... I think you and Ave need to have a couple cold snacks.
Turn your key off and leave it on unhook the battery and touch the post three times and and check the key off and hook up your battery cable
Change injectors
Change injectors
The fuel injectors are bad
Throttle body is bad
I love it when Derek says 190hp or whatever it has.  I had an 84 with the 5.0 that only had 140hp while the 4.1l that Derek purchased only had 135hp.  The funny part is the 84 fleeetwood weighed a wopping 5500lbs which is exactly what the 2nd gen escalade weighed with the 6.0l at 345hp.  Image what its like going 0-60 with 135hp and weighing 500lbs...lol
Dude I love your show. It's awesome You do things like I  do! the right way! thank you buddy My favorite show on YouTube by far!
When you took the cat off and the the muffler off the car, it started running horribly.  You indirectly  effected  & changed the computer air fuel curves. My Pontiac Fiero  ran terrible when I purchased it. In fact, its why I got it cheep for that reason because it had n exhaust leak. I had list a things I wanted to do to it too cause it ran terrible check engine the all that stuff. But I did the exhaust issues first. There was nothing else wrong after that to do, Everything went away once i picked up it from the muffler shop  As for the Cadillac check the TpS sensor or the Fast idle sensor if you still have issue but thats only after when you put everything back together first that you disconnected. Yes that Convertor was clogged
A co worker got one of these in the early 90's for next to nothing and it had the same problem. Disconnected the electronics so it would only be an 8, ran fine for  years after that.
Maybe the fuel regulator isn't working or way too high pressure
Please hire this camera guy! If not then I’ll settle with telling him, thank you for the good work!
I loke going back and watching older videos. It helps make my work day that much better...
I see a lot of small engine shops that have you tube channels and they say that trufuel is not good stuff.
Brother you oughta try some eye protection when you’re grinding…just thinking out loud
Can you donate me this car
Could of just use the cutting wheel but I guess he did all the for humor
Carb swap? Id like to see that thing in flames..
10:13 did a guy spit on during the production WHILE in the O’Reillys shop? Cheers to the great content 🥂
Fix it
Should you put some magic mystery oil or atf /oil in cylinders before just to make sure there is some lube from sitting so long .
It ended in flames and tears. I felt so bad for you Derek. I was really rootin' for you.
Put a carb on it and drive it off of one of those big hills 🇺🇸
Engine swap it😂
You would suck at stealing cat converters and being a meth head.  Your technique is lacking.
how many OSHA violations? all of it😂
dude put your safety glasses on😮
Had a 4.3 S10  do this.  The injectors went out.
Oh boy I have to say...That brake drum coming loose and taking off across the shop made me laugh so hard,I was practically rolling on the floor!...I have not laughed like that in ages....Geesh was that funny...wow..
Safety Glasses would be nice 😆🤣
Ear plug s would be good …
Y first car was a 8 6 4 Eldo
Seems like a older Caddy motor the same displacnent shoould fit. The intake manifold .I mean. Or call Friverger and challange him to find you one that fits. He will clear his schedule.just to prove he can. Any well established. Caddillac dealers around?  A good one will usually have a oldcguy who has worked for years for them. He cqnt keep up with the young guys vut has a head full of stuff about the older motors. He can tell you what intake will fit.
next time you n'eed to keep an ecu alive gyy you have to discobnect cables. Use jumper cables to a second battery from the battery clamps… old bmw trick, to reset the ecu. Disconect the neg battery post then touch it (the neg. Cable) to the positice post . Hold fir about 20 seconds and then put it back on the neg post. That will completely discharge all the electronics. And give you a totally fresh start. And no i am not trying to give you bad ibfo. Im 68 years old . Im way old school qnd hust never do that shit. Hope Bentlys show us wirking out for him.
Eye protection would not hurt Derek.
Pretty sure it's the starter .
LMBO
Funniest episode ever....So far...
Only 30 minutes in 😂😂😂
Shame manufacturers these days dont accept mess ups like caddilac did. Fords ecoboom springs to mind 😂
I was thinking the fuel pump was gonna short out on the fuel tank
Thank God I stumbled on to this video… this is one of my favorite vehicles and I’ve been searching for one for sometime to buy in any condition. I can’t wait until I can put aside a couple of hours to watch your entire video to see what kind of issues I may run across when I finally find one of these to buy and work on. You are amazing brother happy holidays.
My parents bought one of these 8-6-4 Cadillacs brand new in 1981.  I later heard about all of the problems, but theirs ran perfectly its whole life, and the 8-6-4 system worked perfectly.  It was a beautiful car in burgundy inside and out.  I was in high school learning to be a mechanic, so I bought all of the shop manuals.  I still have them.  The engine was a great idea, but like many have said, the electronics accompanying the system were not up to the task in many cases.  Sensors failing were the biggest problem most faced.  When I graduated and began working as a mechanic, owners would come in wanting the 8-6-4 disconnected because they heard they would cause problems.  Not that they had a problem, they just heard there were going to be problems, so I think the engine got a worse reputation than it deserved.
Just FAIL!!!!!!!!!
Watching Derek press himself into a front seat that's jammed all the way forward, priceless.
Nice shop...
Funny the most played part of the video is when the drum went flying off. I haven’t laughed that hard in awhile!
A year later this is one of your funniest. Thank you so much for not using a LIFT and just using jackstands and jacks like any regular joe. Thanks.
When the strap hit his face 😂😂
I grew up on a farm in NE Wisconsin. My dad (like every farmer) was an engineer because he had to be. You remind me of him and his friends. He was a huge Cadillac guy. Wish he was around to tell me about that 4/8/6 motor.. I'm sure he'd have an opinion! But this video truly reminds me of him and how hard it was to pass my driving test in a '78 coup DeVille. (Try doing a 3 point y-turn in one of those). That caddy is beautiful to me..
I love how every time he says he shouldn’t do something he gives it a solid before going ahead and doing it lol
Try the different EnJ Brandy flavors
Best....episode...ever.  Sorry to see you suffer like that, although at times it was so bad even you were laughing.
The injectors are washed out and need replaced!!
Garage hail is always the worst…
34:55 - that facial expression is priceless! 🤣
Somebody's Parent must have been so determined to keep driving, that the children pulled the fuel tank out. Usually it only takes a few flat tires, or a coil wire. 🤘😎
Not a mechanic but I enjoy watching your vids. However, at the same time seriously concerned about your safety. Why no respirator/mask or eye protection when an angle grinder is 12" away from your head? I mean, your body, your choice, but man, aren't you worried your YT income would suffer as a result of a preventable injury? OK, have a good one!
You could blow it up once you reach 2.1 million subscribers.    Oh!  Look!
By the way, the first car that had fuel injection in production was made by Chrysler not General motors
Can you please pass the jelly?
As your cutting the mouse house muffler out with 82.4% of it hitting the eye hole’’’’I remembered your brand new safety glasses in the box of new parts and I thought hmm why would Derek buy those 😂😂😂
I worked for Acura for almost 40 years it was the 1990 to  93 Integra's that had the auto seat belts. I think Saturn was doing the same thing they copied a lot of stuff Acura did with the SL1 series.
Rip all that crap out and put a carb on it.  good motor otherwise
I laughed till I cried watching him get that muffler out.  I know the feeling.  Once you're committed to your method you'll die b4 you give up.   That was funny stuff.
I was a Kidd when this came out and it was a disaster.  Europeans love to import them and fix em.
You can bypass the 8,6,4 computer part of the car and get a perfect running 425 Cadillac.  Or fix it.  Its basic.
Did a guy meet his match 😂
My dad bought a used Cadillac with this.  Somebody had put a switch on the lower portion of the dash. When switched off, the car ran great. Turn the switch on and instant crap !!!  GM = Garbage Motors
I just check the length of the wire longest goes to the furthest plug backwards to shortest save the sharpie
1:20:26 calll me old school and from Pennsylvania,  but I always put never seize on every bolt I put back in under a vehicle.
Whiter than a Celine Dion concert😂😂😂😂
Cadillacs suck to work on 💯
They were beautiful cars. I was lucky I was a young man and my dad bought a new Cadillac at that time every two years. He never bought one of these, but there was another dog he had and I remember it was the gutless wonder  Really small cubic inch could not pull that car over a hill
Yeah, I remember these they were all deleted They all made a direct path to the dealer ship
high tech
I havnt laughed that much in a while watching you get that muffler off. Funniest shit I’ve seen and heard in a while. Reminds me of working on my shit lol
the intake manifolds crack around the oring grove on the transfer tube from one head to the other , starts to drink coolant slowly then finally gushes in
Starting it up by jury rigging it every time is genius.
Lucky the brake drum didn't hurt someone. I cringe when I see some of the things these guys do.
Derek,  I'm a longtime fan, keep up doing what you do. I'm a retired controls engineer, the guy who wrote  the program that made things happen, and troubleshooting was a major part of that.  i never had a problem I couldn't fix, but I  had 1 that took me a year. Hang  in there!!!
Plugs out  Checked  Pb blaster  6 hour wait  Then crank it
The Cadillac converter ain't convertin'  >>:=p  Interesting how not much the interior changed from the '77 banana boat that my dad had, and the same computer reset code as was in the '91 I had.  I miss that '91 DeVille, she ran pretty good.  I didn't know TBI went back that far; I had a '90 Escort w/ TBI, but thankfully no trouble like this, but it never sat for eons either.  Unless you ever found or could find a computer for it, carb swap seems not a bad option for sure!  Car is too otherwise clean to fully give up on 'er.  Since we already got a Betty White, I guess this is Snow White, and she had that bad apple 🤣
Horn toots, how about the owner? Man!, what a mess. Derek you are a master at having extreme patience. Would have rented a barge and sent it 10 miles off the coast. The fish always could use a new home.
By far the funniest episode for me so far! When that drum took off across the room I lost it! Peace and love brother!✌❤
25 year" retired " body man. Laughed out loud at the spark shower to the face. 💯 accurate. Well done sir. Gotta finish the cut
This made me feel better about getting my modded car inspected down to one car an i feel this same way
Perhaps mute your mic when using power tools friend-o...  blew the ear buds clear off my head 🤕 Or (even more fun), look directly at the camera and offer a Loud Noise Alert
Soo was this basically GM DOD back in the day
Those Chrome sockets surviving that abuse, keepers for sure.
Eyeglasses.  Never, never, never operate an angle grinder without glasses.
Lol the whitewalls man keep it g my friend
Lol I remember first having that issue it drove me insane as why the throttle had to be held to keep it running.  Specially being in Minnesota and being -30° outside trying to warm up the vehicle and what made me hear was that throttle  actuator moving when. Key was off. So unplugged it and threaded the rod to idle about 800 rpm. Was annoying as sometimes it would die at stops lol
Yea man should have unplugged that actuator l. Puts throttle all over the place. I always loved that style cadi specially the 2 door
Yea man should have unplugged that actuator l. Puts throttle all over the place. I always loved that style cadi specially the 2 door
Lol as I was typing you explained it 🤣 😂  but yes that was always an issue on every cadillac I've had.
I always had issues with the throttle position motor. Never worked you have to unplug it and unscrew the bolt that sits against the throttle to have it idle at whatever you put it at
All that garbage under the hood is why lots of owners opted to have it removed from the dealer
When I look at the total cluster mess under this hood, I'm thinking what in the world of a spaghetti mess is this?
What a peice of shit.. id be running. 😂
I worked at a Ford main dealer near London when the Cortina 80 was introduced fitted with the new VV carburettor. Ford boasted that its development cost £60 million which wasn't much even then. Cold starting with the Motorcraft carb had always been marginal but the VV ensured our vast car park was filled to overflowing in winter;  cars sat for weeks awaiting attention. Ford introduced the 'VV programme' which was basically a matter of carb renewal and, initially, paid the cost, even when out of warranty. That soon changed and customers were then charged; it wasn't cheap. The irony was that cars fitted with the Weber carb had zero problems, but of course, Ford wanted to keep it all in house.
97.835 ads and commercials later it’s still flooding
I’m only at the point where you took the starter off the second time in the video but the coolant sensor on most GM will make them plug if it is reading -40 on TBI
Small victories is how u win the battle
Put a modern fuel injection unit on it and modern electronics. Disconnect the 8-6-4. It will be a nice fuel inefficient cruiser.
Here we go. For almost one year, I didn't dare to watch this video. Opening the hood is a very close case of, a traumatic experience. I'm surprised that, the service bulletin didn't come with a Dirty Harry  "Do you feel lucky, Punk !" persuader.  EDIT: 2:02:22 That facial expression, proves my point.
Derek you should really wear saftey  glass or one day your luck may run out and I wouldn't want too see that
This episode give you the distinct impression that, this guy doesn't have a clue what he's doing... But it is entertaining, especially when the brake drum flew off and almost took out the camera guy!!! He must've cranked that pos at least a hundred times.
I dont know whats worse the 5.7 liter olds diesel from that same era or this freaking thing
You missed the Vigilite Fiber Optic system.
Please take this with the upmost respect. I love your videos shows me a thing of two I have not tried or I learn that I didn’t know but sometimes I put your channel on and videos and your voice helps me sleep I know weird but honestly your voice is like watching a Mr Rodger’s episode at preschool going down for a nap before my parents picked me up . But love the videos and love all the different cars you work on keep the videos coming . And I am 38 now and still love working on cars just to get them to run again . Just picked up a 1973 k5 blazer and had to do the boat tank trick to get it to fire but it runs and drive . Well take care bud .
Pull computer motor , install mechanical moror for a solid cruiser!
I think you messed up the TBI injectors when you removed the Allen screw in the top center of the injectors.  That screw is adjusted in the injector factory to set the flow rate and should not need to be adjusted.  New TBI injectors would be my choice as well as a new IACV.  Love your channel.   Very entertaining.
I very first car sales job was at a Pontiac Buick Cadillac Lamborghini dealer. It took an hour to explain all the options on this car. They were fantastic weird stuff like power pull down trunk, memory seats, automatic, dimming, headlights, opera lights. And with this motor, the dealer usually installed a cut out switch in the glove compartment where you could just make it run on eight cylinders all the time.
The owner of our Caddy dealer owned a 76 Eldo convertible triple white driven Sundays only god what a beautiful yacht!!
I was 21 on my first car sales job at a Cadillac dealer and I had no idea the 468 was horrible so I sold the last one at the dealership and got an award !
This guy is pretty bad ass, does he know how to work on a Northstar engine?
Bill Nye, the science guy, is a real jerk. I say this because he displayed his ignorance on a video on YouTube hosted by a man named Ham. I do not like this Bill Nye! Other than that, I always enjoy your videos. Keep up the good work, Derek!
How to fix a 8-6-4V8  Step 1 Open the hood Step 2 Remove all the 8-6-4 garbage Step 3 replace with Accel system  Pretty much the same as the Chrysler Lean Burn V8
Haha the Nacho libre entrance to the interior is hilarious 🤣🤣 the one leg squat is probably how the ol knee gave out Derek.
I had one of these really expensive Chevvies - a blue one - beautiful car. It looked really nice. Nice to sit in. Lots of electricalized toys. Nothing on it worked but the electricalized stuff on the interior was good. I could let the kids play with the power seats and watch the windows go up and down... ...until the battery went dead. That was mostly because it would not run good enough to re-charge the battery. I will pray for you, Derek. If it's any consolation to you they really are nice to look at. Get a weed whipper to keep the grass short around it and use it for a lawn ornament.  All that said, Derek, you are a champion! There is an upside to all this agony, at least you are not out laying under this in the ice, snow and winter dripping car nightmare. Hat's off to you!
Hi Derek;  Are the two relays plugged into the correct sockets? Whoever had his hands on the engine long before you bought it, might have buggered it up royally. Your step by step process is the only way to get the beast running properly. Good luck. From a shade-tree mechanic trying to help.
TPS report reference, just when I thought I couldn't like a guy any more.....
Don't feel bad,Hoovie wasted money on a Land Rover.
Disable that 8-6-4 system while you are at it!
can you put a paper clip in the ALDL to get the engine light to flash codes?  was that a thing as far back as 81?
switch on the smoke extraction lol bit late telling ya now i guess
can I join you
Derek battling that muffler was the funniest thing ive seen all day
This is a mechanics nightmare
GM didn't learn their lesson. The new Silverado GMC truck engines that deactivate cylinders are problematic
"It is Whiter than a Celine Dion concert" BAHAHAHAHA 💀
Derek theres a creeper on the wall! Hope you get this message in time
only car i seen him walk awat from i had thd the v6 that year it was a pos
I think that you should work on/ build the things that make you happy, having said that a second channel might not be bad and since you asked i really like the old stuff and I'm looking forward to the nuckle and the model T.
Dude where"s your safety glasses'
Top notch camera person flow, covered all da angles.
Bravissimo one more time! But  PLEASE you should protect yourself more with glasses,gloves... we all want you to be safe.
The mental gymnastics to fight a stubborn motor... No sleep thinking if over, then if I set it to 70 maybe it isn't resetting because it thinks it already did?   That
I'm no engineer but it seems to me this idea would work better if it had two- four cylinder engines tied together with some kind of clutch or torque converter. I might like a system like that. Long highway miles you would only run on one engine.
How does your camera person not laugh or make comments when filming?  I would be spewing out my nose with some of your comments...
The crapillac disease, I will not work on them anymore.
I have a stupid question. Why can't you just swap the green relay with the time relay and add only the ground wire with a switch to cab?
Wish you had obd on this car?
I learned a long long time ago  DO NOT BUY A CAR BUILT IN 1981😢😢😢😢
When I installed that penzoil filter I laughed like a maniac! After all these years my turmoil has payed off
I worked on a 80 something chevy truck with tbi. Acted very similar. Would idle perfect and then go full on fuel and flood. Very intermittent.
Rebuild it
My grandma had an early 90’s for coupe that had those seat belts.
36:02 "Everybody wanna be a bodybuilder, but don't nobody wanna lift some heavy ass weight" -Ronnie Coleman
I had a new 1980 Turbo Trans Am Pace Car and the dealership it came from was a Pontiac and Cadillac dealership and every time that Trans Am needed warranty service ( which was unbelievably frequent) the line of V8-6-4 Cadillacs waiting for service would be halfway around the block.   As pissed off as my 18 year old self was about the frequency of warranty repairs on my Trans Am, I thought thank God I am not a Cadillac owner.  My mom had a ‘77 Coupe DeVille and my Dad mentioned trading for a new one and I was like noooooo!!! Trust me you do not want to trade a perfectly good car for a warranty nightmare.  My Dad was shocked to hear me say don’t trade cars because I was the poster child for getting a new car.   I think I was on my 5th or 6th car and I had only had license for 3 years.
The late 70s and early 80s had bad wiring Because of the manufacturers that made the wire I don't know exactly where it was but anything that around them years that's gonna have bad wiring if you cleaned it all up Maybe use some Lapping oil Out of all the harnesses
What was the brown Cadillac from Goodfellas what year and model
Bumper fillers should be license plates
Coverting that would b ...great? No yes it b great fun
1968Chevy van G10 or G20 style With a 4.3 With a 4.3 l V6S10 Tahoe 4x4 drivel train
They are always "running when they were parked" LOL!
Who was your camera man for this one?
Great video. Can't win them all but you did your best
go all in.... do the holley injection on it.
you need one of them tatooed neck people from wall mart. they can have that converter off in 2 minutes.
Holly tbi kit
Toss the pcm put a carb or a holly to kit in it do away with that v6 v4 mode junk
"Alligator clip"  No need to call it something funny.
Have to name this rig Lucifer or Damien or something. "Computer says 'no'!"
Get some Ozium and spray it into the AC intake. That stuff is awesome
Justin is going to do everything he can to get putin to attack canada and then he will high tail it out of the country before the bombs fall. He doesn't give 2 craps. He's got our Money,  that's all he wanted.
This project was toughest I seen you do not easy
Oh my lord Derick am laughing my but off over that muffler am screaming stop Derick just finish cutting it but you kept man handling it more you did the more I had to laugh buddy
You can set my truck on fire,  and roll it down a hill,  and I STILL wouldn't trade it for that Coupe De Ville! 😅😅😅
If it's not charging right it will not run right. Right??
The best thing to do with that car is to enter into the cliff jumping contest in Alaska.
What kind of cheap ass garage did O'Reilly's put you in with no lift?? Come on O'Reilly's.
I wish you could hear me yelling at you, Stick a block of wood or something in front of the muffler, so it won't move up-and-down. Damn it my boy. 😂😂😂
That muffler whoop your ass
Derek your funny 🤣🤣😂as hell push that damn seat back
Clear safety glasses might be a good in vestment next a saw saw world help
Generally, back in the day when a person would buy a Cadilac with the 4-6-8, the engine would be replaced with just and 8 within a year.  So that is a very rare car.
I thoroughly enjoyed this episode.  I admire your non-stop attempts to get it running properly. Yep... comes a time when ya gotta let it go.
That was the most epic muffler battle I have ever seen!
Dang taking a shot at the prelude for
That flying drum was so funny!!
Bro. Did u for real barf??? 😂😂
Hope you didnt pay alot for that
Tannerite. Lots and lots of Tannerite
At about an hour and a half into this video, he’s really starting to hate his job 😂😂😂 we’ve all been there
That car is Saul Goodman's car, abandoned for his new life.
A guy says “I don’t care much about my eyes”…….
He said he thinks this car is haunted 😂😂😂
So we watch your videos during our lunch hour and the guys were wondering if you are slowly building a future junkyard or do you sell the cars once they are road worthy. We love the videos and all the crazy terms you come up with, amazing how older cars seem more dependable than now days. I had a 80 Cadillac just like that with a 425 but my sister’s father in law bought it to make it a taxi in his Mexican home town.
I love how instead of calling the car names and talking like a sailor 24/7 to the vehicles he is just overly sarcastic about everything and anything to the car it’s a new thing I might pick up so I don’t look like an angry person when working on a car and instead be a smart ass
ahh lol those hub caps o cried laughing with that part good old cadilacs amazing cars  the older the better
I can’t believe you haven’t blown your stack working on this thing. My grandfather had one of these when I was a kid, but I don’t remember him ever bitching about it.
I come back to this video whenever I work on my truck knowing it could be worser…..
It's always nice to get some sparks insize ears 😅
Look closely at this vehicle people. This vehicle marked the end of Cadillac’s worldwide reign as the Standard Of Excellence and started the downward spiral. The joke back in the late 1980’s was that you could find more Cadillacs on a Lexus used car lot than anywhere else in one single place.
Plastic gaskets and shit engineering
G.M stands for Garbage Machine
91 C1500 TBI I used 12v from the battery and carb cleaner. Only did it once a year and for me it was a super reliable system!
Please don't subject that King-of-the-Road to those GOD-AWEFUL caddy caps and put those Ols caps back on!
That's the cleanest looking dirt box I've ever seen...
Muffler removal made my day. GOLD!😂
ben their dun that 1990 motor homer
BBC 454
Terminator  fuel  management system is the only way to keep it alive and not just a good parts or maybe even an  L S A
Just  swap in 12v  Cummins like Tony did in one  episode of roadkill 😂😂😊
Hubcaps has the Oldsmobile logo's
So they do build em' like they used too!?!?!?!
Looking at a 81 Cadi fleet wood 6L and they made it fuel injected and now it won’t start. Anyone know what could be wrong?
I wonder if it had a vacuum leak with all those hoses hanging around. This episode was a bit stressfully.  I had a ford station wagon that gave me a similar feeling I got from watching you struggle. Great video though. Those 80’s mechanics had their hands full.
1:15:39 I owned one of the notorious 864s. I can verify yours is haunted. They were all haunted. Fixing them was chasing fireflies with one hand. The dealer would tell me, it was something with the computer. Should be fine now. No. It was never fine. That's why yours  has low mileage I'll bet. I was lucky enough to find an unsuspecting victim. I have to live with the shame.
A pair of safety glasses would probably help also
I know you know but I worry when you put gasoline inside of a vehicle any spark could set it off and those vehicles are old the wiring is bad
Just disconnect your battery for a couple of minutes.
The ECM is probably no good I would put a computer in it and reset the whole system it probably fix it
TBI was absolute crap I was a mechanic in the early '80s and we got those things in everyday brand new off the showroom floor that wouldn't run absolute garbage put a carburetor on it
Caddy’s have always been the biggest hunk of electronic shit on earth.  Have to be crazy to buy one or work on them.
"Smells like a mahogany axe handle wrapped in wet wool socks"....🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Ls swap / or a cargo swap which ever is cheaper 😅
watching this episode now and the drum spinning off and rolling a way was so funny!
Is this Betty White?
I’ll bet no Cadillac Dealer would touch this car!  The techs are too young to know them.  They hate Allantes to and I doubt if they would work on one today.
I watch most of your intense hours long repairs. I’m serious, you have the patience of a champion. I’d paint targets on it and use it for plinking on your acreage.👍🏻
Check the alternator
Maybe change the spark plugs from underneath of the car sometimes that’s the way a lot of V8 and V6 is were designed. It’s not comfortable to do it but
Why did you put the fire out ? Push it out of the shop and let the fire start again ! Sit back with a beer or 10 and enjoy the beers
i think cougars had the worst choking seatbelts, im lucky to be alive
I remember the choking seatbelts and they were terrible 😂
Tbh I find cylinder deactivation kinda stupid and pointless lol it works in theory but not in practice.
yup thats wonka mobile .
Actually it was amazingly bad omg was looking at one new but after having a1979 Pontiac Grand Am I stayed away from something just developed the Grand Am had 5 transmissions replaced before it got to 22000 miles. Never buy a new model of anything. Especially now.
Hi jimbo you can also put the radio in the freezer for 3/4 hours it sometimes clear,s the memory. And then your good to go. Good luck. Mike storey from UK 🇬🇧
@45:20 "Just cleaning it in the parts cleaner." Had me in stitches.
12 minutes into it and im impressed with your ability to authoritively bullshit your knowledge of these cars even though you really only know about half right.
Good deal my ass thats steal....
I'm glad there are 3.8M views as of 8.1.24. By my calculations, Derek eventually made more money than that car would ever be worth. Sort of takes the sting out of this one a little.
Nice ride😂
6:41 classic joke 😂
I'd like to see that drum get another 30 feet!
I realize that comment is a little late for this project but what you missed is, you need to use a bigger hammer on that injector body. A 60 degree full power downward swing should do. The follow up is a fuel control unit made by Cartier Carbs.
oooh, marvellous... thanks for showing all the details and stuff... I Like
Wear some damn safety glasses when using that cutting disk, we want you to be healthy and continue to make content. Hard without eyes!
Dude you kept your cool the whole time this thing just kept fighting you over and over again. I have to say this is the first time while watching your videos that there was a fire. I enjoy watching the videos and some of the comments made are extremely funny. You do a great job at getting 98.76235 percent carry the 3, time of the cars back home under power.
*Cars in the 80's are junk ba do do do*
B & G Fuel system cleaner the best Amazon will not find in stores
I can’t even begin to believe the amount of patience that you have shown in this video. !!!
I know what’s wrong with it….. ain’t got no gas in it 😅
I see a two inch gap between the bumper & the trunk that converts to a two mile an hour reverse gear impact to somthing solid preferably
bad coolant temp sensor.
Haha,   You found a cadillac with a Factory issue holley sniper !!!😂🤣
Prime example why you should stick to older carburetor fed cars and trucks, true classics.
2:03:08 Flying brake drum! 😅
Hey brother, you've got kids. Wear a mask 😷. Fiber materials are really bad. God knows what the heck else was in that muffler.
1:05:10 That was one of the funniest sequences I've ever seen in your videos getting that muffler removed 🐁🛠️
When you wish for an olds 307. It was totally better then a 305. Also, this dude is full of crap.
Imagine taking all that crap out and just put a regular motor in there!
Whiter than a Celine Dione concert.
You are a brave automotive SCIENTIST my friend! These are the worst to do archeology on!
Derek you’re a nut! I love watching your show, you make me laugh and I do learn a little bit.
Derek finally met his match 😮
1:38:30 AFR ratio? You couldn't have possibly meant air fuel ratio ratio! Nobody is actually that retarded! I was passed out drunk and that woke me!!!!!
Junk I Worked For Cadillac  I Know  they Stayed Up And The Air  At The Shop  Broke Again 🤣
My mom had one of those and it's the one car I refused to open the hood to. 😂
Talk about earning your $$$$ !!! 👍 All you need is an Exorcist
Derek would you buy this car again knowing what you know now ? Either way I really enjoyed this , it reminds me of the times I help my neighbor who always bought junk cars and fixed them up
A very interesting video would be Vise Grip Garage fixing a new car. Just an idea. Not like the latest, greatest electronic guizmo, but maybe a 2015 Camaro or Mustang. You chose😅.
Yes indeed
I remember when these came out.  I just laughed.  Then I started up my '81 Accord Hatchback 5-speed and drove past the gas stations.
Stick of dynamite rebuild aka blow it up and find a dodge😊
you got oreilly in your back pocket. peice of cake   dude.
yea love to see that country boy brain put to good use. a real challange, handle it.
I'm with Leno,"hold your own cold snack"
What ever happened with this beauty? It is in really great shape
Just messing with brother dont take me wrong i am not really gm person i perfer a stampead over a heart beet any time love my ponys
Check the head lite flueid
I agree gm dose have lot worst stuff they keept for years😮
Really good junk gm motor
Thats why sell bypass pipes hint hint
Awsome video thanks for sharing
$1,800 well spent😂
That muffler beat ya azz there bud lol
😂whiter than a Celine Dion concert!😂
Loose converter bolts ? My guess.lots of money in selling those catalytic converters😅
You are quite an archeologists.  Finding some ancient artifact of a man's knuckle draging engineering past ,and having the intelligence capabilities to decipher what theses designers were using as an natural herbs to ingest, inhale to open the door to enlightenment from some spirit world entity.  Just another blunder from Cadillac.  Their idea was flawed from the simple physics standpoint.  A 3800 lbs mass needs X amount of energy to move it @ 60 mph down the road . By cutting 50 % of the power production well reduce the total yields and the end result will be 30 mph because if 1/2 the power structure is turned off ,then the dead weight is increased.  But Derek, you are one of those people who will try anything. Just like Deboss Garage.  Biggest problem for this caddy is the electronics and the fuel valve solenoids . Wonderful video.
Well Bud, it wasn't due to lack of trying.  Should have went downtown.  You could have found a thief that would have had that catty off in 30 sec lol.
I believe the Ford Probe had the automatic seat belt choker
The supreme example of government overreach with CAFE standards.
Yikes.  Spend a few dollars on some safety glasses.
One of the worst engine designs!🤣
1:02:21 There was a mouse! top right big hole
Is this a 1738 turbo muffler? It is! Anyway…. 😂
couple years gone from that exhaust..
When you first got behind the wheel and the seat was all the way up I spit out my beer laughing
Love the channel Derek. Informational and comical. I'm not a great mechanic by any stretch of the imagination, but you have definitely help simplify troubleshooting concepts for me. Much appreciation. Glad to see that you're having success and finally getting to work in a nice shop. Roughing it like u do has to be taxing. Cheers!
You deconect throttle sencer
Probably injector are bad
Trans rebuild hasa whole different mean today then it might have  in  the 80s use caution  when ordering that one !!!
You should wear a mask!   Safety glasses could help.  I got a small shard of steel in the eye that I had to remove.  I was fortunate that it was off center.
My cousin Don was a troubleshoot mechanic for Chesapeake Cadillac. He went to work there out of high school and was there for nearly 40 years. When we were younger he took the 400 transmission out of my Pontiac and rebuilt it right on the sidewalk next to the car. There wasn't nothing about a GM vehicle that Don didn't know or couldn't fix. I sure miss those days. 🤗
Derek can get a rusty washing machine with radio flyer wheels to go cross country. True story. The Chuck Norris of auto mechanics.
Couple sticks of dynamite or some Tannerite would have been a lot more fun to watch
Yeah because carbureted vehicles were just too complicated ./sarc
The fight with the muffler.... Priceless comedy.. 😆
I'm reaching out to you with great enthusiasm and a humble heart. I've been praying for a Cadillac for the past year, twice a day, and after walking 22 miles to church two weeks ago, I've increased my prayers to four times a day! I'm determined to own a Cadillac, and I believe it's a blessing from God. I receive $800 a month in social security disability, which is a significant reduction from my previous income of $79,000 a year as an accountant for businesses. As a cancer survivor, I've learned to cherish every moment. In fact, I was told I had only 18 months to live with stage 4 cancer, and I gave away all my possessions, including my beloved 1976 Cadillac Coupe DeVille (white with red interior - it was oh so sweet!). But God had other plans, and here I am, 18 months later, still alive and kicking!  I've always been known for owning Cadillacs, and it's the only type of car I've ever owned. However, my current social security salary is making it difficult for me to own the automobile I love the most. That's why I'm reaching out to you, hoping we can work together to make my dream a reality. I'm undeterred in my pursuit of owning a Cadillac, and I'll settle for any Cadillac, as long as it's a blessing from above. I promise to take good care of it and use it for God's glory. Please consider my offer, and let's work together to make this happen.  Thank you for your time, and may God bless you abundantly!  Sincerely, Mr. Jason Maggard   The following is the prayer that I've been saying two times a day now upgraded to four for a year now  "Dear Heavenly Father,  I come before you with a grateful heart, thanking you for the blessings in my life. I've been praying for a Cadillac for a long time, and I believe it's a desire you've placed in my heart. I trust that you will provide a way for me to acquire this car, and I promise to use it for your glory.  Please guide the marketplace seller's heart and mind, and give us wisdom as we negotiate the sale. May our transaction be a blessing to both of us, and may your name be glorified through our interaction.  In Jesus' name, I pray. Amen.
Mr. Maggard's letter is a heartfelt and inspiring testimony of his faith and determination. He has shown remarkable resilience in the face of adversity, and his trust in God's providence is truly admirable. His passion for Cadillacs is evident, and his promise to use the vehicle for God's glory is a beautiful expression of his devotion.  However, it's important to note that his request may not be feasible for everyone, and it's crucial to consider the financial implications of such a purchase. Nevertheless, his prayer and enthusiasm are a wonderful reminder of the power of faith and the importance of pursuing our dreams with determination and gratitude.  May God continue to guide and bless Mr. Maggard on his journey, and may his dream of owning a Cadillac become a reality that brings him joy and serves as a testament to God's goodness.
Years ago i inherited my father's 76 cadillac Seville, the first year of 350 Oldsmobile and EFI, and the computer went in it.  My father responded to the crisis by installing a carburetor in the car.  I fine tuned that carburetor and was getting 20+ mpg on the hwy
That car has a gremlin living in it.😅
The loud sneeze.  Me: AAAAA... Oh, bless you. Then him saying "BOOM"! Me: AAAAA WHAT, WHAT HAPPENED 😮 smh. Yea, that time he got me. I wasn't paying attention 😂😂.
the fact these cars had a LIGHTER in the BACK is wild hahaha, god can you imagine how many little brothers got their arms and legs burnt by those on a road trip!
Paint dots from an assembly plant typically means previous parts have had a quality issue.  The dots means it’s been certified from the supplier.  Benn there and done that.
The answer is no,  go spend 2hrs cleaning the yard
This car is a great example of why the Japanese started eating our automotive lunches back in the '80s. It was also the end of the ability of mortal men being able to work on their own cars without factory training and specialized tools, instruments and computers. Thank you to the EPA!
Now I'm working on 70 Coupe Deville and I keep watching this video to pick up something I missed. This thing has an AC delete, Cruise control delete, a "booming" stereo system and F'd up wiring everywhere. I even went back to your Betty White videos and zoomed in on frames looking for a clue. I had a 1982 Camaro Berlinetta. My first car. Computerized carbueratoration. I've been some sort of a mechanic for 30 years and it was the dark ages of emission controls. It's a mechanical a**hole! Put another fuel system or even another drive train in it. Ok, it will run and drive. Try to get that climate control or "Hvac" system working. Good luck. Deboss and Sarah n tuned are crazy and smart and even they're not gonna mess w this stuff!
There's only one way to fix a Cadillac 8-6-4
I love this guy 😂the sense of humour and voice combination- I can listen to him all day long 😂❤
They made the 468 with two different engines , the 4.1 in 1981 and they used the 6.0 - (368 ) which was introduced in 1980 and that was a good engine until from 81-84 they used that engine in the limos till 1984 and it was the 468 intermediate cylinders , one of the worst ideas ever . I've had a lot of Cadillacs over the decades and even there issues I love Cadillacs
This car is definitely haunted.
Have you tried checking the air in the spare?😂
Definitely don't have to worry about your becoming a Cat thief in your future life....lol
That's a Caddy?  LMFAO... our 1988 maroon matelic Mercury Grand Marquis had more options and was more luxurious than that!
Even without the cylinder deactivation, I had '94 GMC pickup that had the same TBI setup.  I bought it used for occasional truck-ish things, but unless you drove it every day *something* in the TBI setup would bind or screw up.  I hit it with a lot of hammers, but eventually scrapped the damn thing.
Looks like something John Gotti would own😅
Please be careful of asbestos brother, that stuff is bad, we want you around a long time.
LeMons
I think it's running some weird os compilation of Windows Vista/Me/8.
Scrappy American cars like this is why foreign brands took over so much of the market share. GM should be ashamed!
I could't find a technical explanation for how exactly this cylinder deactivation system [mechanically] works other than that the valves won't open or close in deactivated mode. The problem for me to understand was that there would be compression on every revolution in that mode, and resistance would act as an engine brake. There must be a mechanism of sorts that keeps the valves partly open was my reasoning.  But NO. I finally, after an immense search, found an explanation for this.  "It may seem inefficient to close the valves in a non-operating cylinder, forcing the piston to compress the exhaust gas trapped within. However, that ‘work’ stroke is balanced by the successive ‘expansion’ stroke as the piston falls, so the net result is very little power consumption."    OK . . .   if they say so
Hindsight is 43/100- probably would have been easier to have o’rileys throw in a naturally aspirated crate 350 and just engine swapped it
Small EVs for the local drives
I love your videos, and I hope you don't take this the wrong way, but watching the carburetor cavemen work on fuel injection is absolutely fantastic.  Check for codes? Nah Follow diagnostic tree? Nah Check wiring diagrams? Nah Test and replace sensors? Nah Replace 43 year old injectors? Nah  Crank it 100 times? Yep Rev the piss out of it? Yep  Jiggle and yank wires? Yep Unhook the battery 20 times? Yep  Unplug things at random? Yep  Hit things with a screw driver? Yep
The air in that garage…..☠️☠️☠️☠️☠️
So... did you get it home?   What did you find out?   Did you get it running again?   Inquiring minds want to know!
Please wear safety glasses or a face shield when using an angle grinder.
I love the Cadillacs on your channel. I feel like any Cadillac deserves a second chance to run on the road.
What has she been promised she'll never recover from...future small claims judge?
Bought mine in 1997 and the 4 6 8 worked great till I sold it in 2003 and for sure saved fuel!
Speaking of 1992 you all should do a video of the best selling car the Buick Lesabre thats another smooth riding barn finder..
They still make  engines which can turn on 3/4/6 maybe eight to save fuel .
Brrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr.. that didnt work. Lol. Been there. 😅
Those plastic bumper parts.. has anyone made metal substitutes?
Now we get some dust in our eyes….. objective complete.
Pull that engine out drop a 350 LT in it works perfect when get parts like wheel bearing so on the caprice and buick all kinds of parts work on cad and one third of the price
If keeping it or sell it go to GM and ask the or them pills you crush and put in rad for corrosion the were noted to corred up if you dont do it it even says it in manel if not your looking at head casket and so on
Not bad ⚡️
1 thousand OSHA manuals spontaneously burst into flames the moment he said "Safety squint" 🤣
80’s computer… oh boy.
I have one of these 4,6,8 Cadillac broham was a good car. The 4,6,8 worked great,it didn't help gas mileage.  Back then most people took out that engine when the 4,6,8 messed up. They would install a olds 307 or 350(5.0 or 5.7) . They were a very nice ridding car. They would float down the highway.
Rediculous excessive engineering...huge engine compartment filled to the gills with all manor of displacement, struts, plumbing, wiring, bleep/boop sensors/boxes, shrouds, and standard accessories with requisite belts, tensioners, and pulleys. Basically no room to work or see how everything is connected. Perfect, no. Lol.
furelm pressure derick.. too lowthey slobberbetter to be to high then low
The oil filter on my 1979 Coupe deVille was on for twelve years while the car sat in storage before I bought it. It took four different types of wrenches,  filter removers, various screwdrivers and more to finally get it off.
You don't have a sawsall?
This wasn't GM's earliest EFI.  That was the '75 through mid year '80 Cadillac/Bendix analog EFI.  I have one, it's not too bad to work on.
Those are not the correct hubcaps
My favorite episode yet!  "OH NO What does that do?"  1:03:44
This is very testing wow .... don't by cars with computers in them .... super complicated.
doge  shadow and plymoth sundance = same car diifrent name
1992 plymoth sundance  had the auto seat belt option
You put the air box back on with vacuum tubes on it connected to somewhere???
Well, the older, less electronsized vehicles just got more valuable. Think of the mess EVs are going to be. Just replace, replace.
I personally have never related more to a youtube video, especially the part where he yells "no" several times at the motor and followed it promptly with an angry "everythings fine"
Im doing the same thing except with a brown one
And then there was the HT 4100……… Typical Cadillac, a foam lump of junk Derek the V8,6,4 whisperer  It’s just Cadillac things Like the commercial jingle used to be on, Cadillac-Cadillac-Cadillac style Put a carb on it
Great videos! Mighta missed you saying so, but those shiny new wire wheel covers are for an Olds 98 Fegency. Cadillac Devilles/Fleetwoods had a flat design with a larger hub and recessed spokes. Weird how well the other design fits the Olds, but not so much the Cadillac. Eldorado & Seville had a more domed design somewhat similar to Olds.
Huh? Is your tripod moving?🫢
Also known as the infamous 4100 engine. I owned a coupe deville which was the biggest pos example of us General Motors cheating the public. That engine had oil failure and so did the replacement. Gm should have had a class action law suit and force to close. What a public scam. POS
When you asked the audience to tell you if the light comes on, it makes me feel like I'm watching Dora the explorer with my daughter 15 years ago.  I know you heard me when I said "It came on! It came on!!!"  I'm happy to help.   Also, when the camera zoomed in on the wire harness for the tank, I didn't know it, but I had an assumption that's what we were looking at as you were also searching for it. I believe that is called "Dramatic irony"  Basically, the interaction from my side is great!  :D
That drum was like please no no im out of here
I remember a friend of mine had a 1981 Cadillac Seville with the EFI V8-6-4 engine. That car was a pain in the butt. The car was in the shop more than it was driven; just problems with the engine and electronics.
Bless you!
lol .............."Its in my soul"🤣
Coolant sensor on intake is bad...
O2 and cat are missing probably causing the fuel problem
Brother, a pair of safety glasses cost $2. Your eyesight is priceless.  Also, I worked in a machine shop for 20 years and laughed at earplugs, now I have tinnitus. Not cool, unless you really like a constant ringing in your ears. It freaking sucks man. Luck is not on your side but reality certainly is.
What's a Dad sneeze?
Cadillac has a long history of trying unproven technology for GM because the numbers of vehicles were so low it was cheaper than testing. Years of that wore down the dedicated Cadillac buyers until they were all bitter and disillusioned. If it weren't for gangster rappers embracing the Cadillac Escalade, the division would have failed years ago.
this is the first one that you did not drive home Derek. Heck of an effort.
omg that is funnier than ..nope..what is that noise
Sell that POS
Thank you EPA and CAFE standards :(
Just disconnect the multi cylinder BS. And run on  all 8 all the time.
Its missing its plastic rear fender extensions.
They had  Coupe DeVille in 56.  My girlfriends dad had one.  My father was a factory trained Cadillac  bodyman and mechanic.
Scrap yard. Not worth it..
😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮How can such an intelligent human being not wear a mask as he's shakeing a rat house muffler under a car is yet to be understood micro shit particals bacteria on steroids n u name it ..... straight in the lungs 😅.
Hi Derek; Is it possible that the injectors are switched -left to right (or front to back)?
and to think people steal cats off of cars in mere moments.
I kept shouting Derek there's a creeper against the wall. But Derek never heard me
Dereck, Dereck, Dereck!  You have been working on cars many years!  WHY DON'T YOU PROTECT YOUR EYES AND FACE WHEN GRINDING OR FIGHTING WITH A MUFFLER???  Don't you PRISE SEEING YOUR KIDS TODAY AND ALL THEY ARE GOING TO DO??? !.  BE SMART MAN!!  A 69 yr old man.😏
Back in the day I worked at Western Mobile Cellular in Anaheim California.  The owner was a man by the name of Arthur Garabedian.  Of the many patents he had, one was the 864  He tried selling it to GM, and they came out. They saw his vehicle, but then decided to reverse engineering instead,   They did a very lousy job.
Eye protection feller!
California cover ur eyes
imagine trying to find engine parts for this car
I've found if you close the tent door just enough to get the par meter in there the par is higher than if you take a measurement with the door open.. must be due to the increased reflection. Give it a try
Please put a Ls in it
Nice car though, LS Swap.
That catalyst converter would have been easier if you needed crack or meth. My cousin was a mechanic for Cadillac and he said that to fix the tbi, you take it off and throw it in the trash. Replace with a new one. He passed last year so he can’t help. He also said that he would use the one from a 87 GM pick up, and anything that was part of the 8-6-4 system.
Hi from Saskatchewan. A buddy proudly bought one of these 4-6-8 Cadillacs as soon as they showed up in the dealership. The first below 0F day it died and  in trying to restart it there was a fire and the car burnt up. My buddy bought a nice Buick Regal with the insurance.
I’m sorry, I wasn’t listening to you as you are a giant with a toy steering wheel In your lap
If you ever cut off one of those mouse nest-plugged mufflers and an actual mouse ran out, I would laugh my ass off.😅
Sorry late to the party, but I just rebuilt a similar throttle body injection system. They have the rebuilds kits on amazon and what I did was run the parts through a sonic cleaning tank for a good 2 hours at 170F then put it all back together.   I how ever did not do like you did with the individual injector to get it to start working. They say you learn something new every day and today this was what I learned from you.    Thanks.
The terminator broccoli injector is a Rochester 2bbl TBI, they appeared in a lot of GM vehicles, likely until the Vortec system or MPFI came along.
Designed by politicians not engineers. Good idea to save this car with a conversion to conventional non- feedback carburetor and simple points distributor
This was incredible, so entertaining watching a guy work on an engine with all those wires and 'modern' components.  The best episode so far!
What a cool interior this rig has. The interiors are so boring and cheap these days.
OOREALLY OREILLYS
Northstar engine is a bad engine! Even though this car doesn’t have it
excellent video derek. your expression with brake drum would only be better if the whole 8-6-4 POS followed it.
1:02:56 Just maybe a pair of safety glasses or goggles might have been a good call, gotta let the kids know that safety is important.
Hahaha 😂 you struggling with that muffler was friggin hilarious!!! 🤣 😊😂
Not sure if you've tried it, but the best rest remover/lube I've ever tried is called Free All. Absolutely incredible stuff
I agree with you in the 80s E F I computer controlled carburetor absolutely sucked, so I say change to a old school carburetor all your problems solved
i gota a carb 500 n 455 but efi was option on those the carb was better but mpg more w efi some pl can rebuild hard to find but can be done
rebuild ecu n compt the 500 efi older ones weer good so is olds 350 efi w new computer n circuits
SEALS ON ROTOR N CUT THE WIRE FOR THE CYL DEACT
😂😂😂Starting around 1:03:00 into it. So funny.." Just fight it" "good old muffler press" 😅😂
parts keep on coming on this caddilac but amazing car keep it going derek think its something to do with that computer seems to run everything and once they go wrong it an absolute pain to get it running normally better with carb for sure
Pull the 864 and install a 472/500 in its place. Should bolt up
Bill Nye is a fraud!!!
I think  you know more about this bad idea caddy engine than you are letting  Cause you would not buy it without know if you can fix it so you sure go over the top to create content but I still enjoy your shows
OMG that hilarious…. opens the ashtray which is full of cigarette butts then starts to gag ! I’ve watched MANY of your videos and it astounds me that you are still alive after all the toxic exposure to mold, exhaust, chemicals, petroleum, syphoning gas, tasting oil engine oil, etc.
Gremlins.
you need to change the rear blinker light fluid. then it will run.
I wish I could summon just half of the patience you have. This thing would have found itself in the lake after I smashed every panel my nearest hammer would hit.
WD in the injector also yes, yes, yes
Thanks for a neat blast from YESTERYEAR... when "All" engines and many more body panties  / parts, were reliant on newly built ELECTRONIC brains 🧠  to communicate with each of the many mechanical bits and pieces. Ya know, like hoods, doors,and trunks🎉. Now having owned an 1982 Buick "PARK AVENUE" four door... I can tell you that it was everything that the Cadillac was !!! Unfortunately, I ran the 305/7.  In 😢 eam 😢  ic is the best way to describe that power plant... 😅
1:04:00 need more of this. I laughed so hard!
At 10:20, i believe those hubcaps are for an Oldsmobile not the original Cadillac hubcaps... Probably stolen at some point. Those were a hot item!, in the 1980s.
Derek's laugh at the first fire up is like a kid at christmas. Obviously the mousehouse in the muffalator came from the powerbarn hood pad.
Wow! This car brings back memories… I had one of these back in the 90’s… but mine was one of the few that actually worked.  It got great mileage.  Mine was also white w/red..  but    red leather
Carb swap it!
DOD... garbage in 1981... garbage in 2024!
I think now watching vehicles I go from neutral drop to vise grip lol😅 one to hate and other to appreciate
Put a carb on the peace of trash
Scrap it clyde
Ok u win it sounded like a starter being hung up alternator bearing also
It's the starter making that noise
Don't u have a car lift Derek wouldn't of been easier n saw jaw would of been better lol
I have a 95 cadillac devlie just had a oil change and notice when car warms u] about 10 to 15 minutes i hear a knock or tapping sound what could it be please any help would be cery much appreciated
So gm didn’t learn the first time and they still have that option in newer gm products. But a simple tune stops it and the motor will last way longer
Awe.... man.... I miss the accent and the character that you used to play.. :(
I worked on the 1982 cadillac eldorado, the engines are different, but the injectors work the same way, I had the same problem, even after cleaning the injectors for awhile, turns out even cleaning them wony fix it, I put new injectors in it and it fired and ran perfect
That's probably an aluminum hood. Be careful with it.
I never thought the throttle bodies were that bad. I had several vehicles with them a and never had any trouble with them. You could access them easily,clean them, replace some o rings and get back on the road.
A Meth-Head would have had that Cat out of there in like 2 mins and gone.
This one goes to the junkyard. After you pull off the new starter and alternator. I'd ask if I could watch and drink while it was cubed.  The 8/6/4 stuff and the TBI and the 81 computer and all the other insane over engineering probably worked in GMs labs under perfect conditions and never again.  Stick with a carb and a simple V8 Derek.  Love the show.
Bruce Roe is your guy for any of these old Cadillac EFI questions and parts. He is a genius on the system and will reman your ECU for little to no cost.
Derek, I think it's about time for a couple cold snacks down the back neck!!
Right about the 2 hour mark I'd be donating it to a river
Ever deal with the GM  vats system. Another prime example of GM at its best
Derek fix the Studebaker proper and have your wife drive it for a month and yourself and rate it overall in its livability   As a family car if that was all one had to live with yes it would be restrictive its not a truck but is it livable  functional useful. Fun. Economical     Safe sturdy solid you might take a few more minutes to get somewhere but how do you feel from the slower pace ? Just a thought. Nothing ruins car ownership than vehicle failures. A new tesla stuck in the snow loses its high excitement factor when you realize its uselessness  and it high cost and low value upon trade   Kind of like the story about the Emperor and his new clothes lol
I know how to fix that engine, rip it out and install a small block chevy.
I felt so bad for you on this one.  I hope you had plenty of cold snacks when you got home.
I hate crapolacs
I worked for Caderack when these were made.  Definitely had some problems.
Ok Derek , what the heck are doing cutting on that muffler with a death wheel without a shield or safety glasses. No one wants to see you get blinded so you can't see your kids grow up.
A man would think that buying old cars could be a good investment, nope. No they dont.
Doesn't O'Reilly have a lift in the garage?  If it were me, I would be saying "bleep-bloop" for an entirely different reason.
Which O’reilly’s distribution center is that? Washington State?
If you’re not getting the right voltage the computer is not going to work right
That’s a Old’s hubcap
You 2 crack ME UP! Good job 2all!  2 [7sec delay]ing FUNNY! 🥶🐲
Talk about beating a dead horse
Man i want a car like that so bad vut here in Ireland its far to expensive to buy and import but a man can dream but its on i have a Peugeot 2008😂 God my life is over
Sure do miss the sound of the seventies cadillac barge horns
Derek really got a mess with this car. Keep at it Derek and chipping away at the problems and get a ECM ordered.
That engine was a 1 year only cause its use in the public was the r+d that led to ls engine groups
What kind of microphone are you using on that sharpie? My goodness that thing is oddly loud. Like people's pants and shoe bottoms on those 90s soap operas.
Map Sensor , 02 sensor, coolant temp sensor?
Man Vs. Apollo 11 era technology….throttle body may be too “high tech”
Ghost in the Machine!
k swap it
1:04:00 o,o
I worked on a 4.3 tbi that was doing the exact same thing. It ended up being a plugged return line. A little compressed air through the line and it ran great afterwards
I've lost 3 pounds of belly fat, just laughing with tears coming out of my eyes. Oh my God too funny. I guess I can give exercises in the future and just watch these video's 😅
Are we on fire again? I'm gonna unplug these typewriters.😅
I want to know how the cameraman didn't laugh
Derek climbed Everest in this video.
Derek's demeanor is excellent 👌🏻 He never calls things out as garbage, piece of junk, should have never been made. He stays calm, steps back, analyzes and tries again. I know deep down he's a Chevy guy, but he doesn't brand name bash. That takes a lot. Most guys are narrow minded and can't do that.
You're a brave man, and a patient one.  I wonder if the return fuel line could be plugged, causing the over pressure situation in the injectors.  Just a random thought.
Just drop in a small block 383 stroker
Hahaha.  Somebody didn't file their TPS reports.
Reinforce it as is it'll be fine.
I had a 8 6 4 El Dorado. Not one single problem. Ever. A classic beauty. People loved to trash it. Maybe not the best idea ever but I don’t care.
Sometimes the EGR can stick and pour exhaust gasses in the intake at idle
If vice grip garage was going to develop a “One stop, Odour Killer, Automobile AIR freshener, the hanging kind”, in the shape of a ViceGrip, I would love to purchase.  Has to be Derick endorsed , and positively guaranteed to change the flavour of the odours in rotten old car interiors.
“Whiter than a sling Deon concert”.  CLASSIC !
Lol this episode was the funniest one I've seen yet, brings me back as a lad working in a shop back in the mid 80's. Those are the biggest POS on the road at the time. Best way to fix it is find an older engine with a carburetor and disconnect all the computer stuff. Aaah yes, the good ole days!! Very entertaining stuff 😂
Christine all I’m gonna say is
That is Christine's  younger brother.........car is possessed. I would've torched it long ago. You my good sir are a real trooper to have gotten as far as you did.
That was funny when the drum come off
Hey Derek, I was born in Springfield, Missouri and lived in Republic most of my life now I live in Bolivar, Missouri I been watching your show and you are one funny dude😂
I’ve been chasing gremlins on my 92 s10 TBI This made me feel a lot better about my own nightmares in the garage😭😂 The brake drum had me wheezing💀
My 93 Honda accord had the auto seatbelts
When it caught fire I’d pushed it out the door and let her go…l😂😂😂 Can’t win them all
I had a 1984 DeVille. Loved that hunk of junk. I am literally sitting the front seat watching this video. I turned the seat into a chair for my music room.
I dont think the fuelpump will work if the float on the pump is in the empty position
Thank you, you make me laugh, i needed a laugh…….😳🤷🏻‍♂️
Just started this one. That old girl ain't gonna make it 1 mile, much less 500!!!
sell it The computer is not gone its the wiring , Those three wires are supposed to have a plug on them but the other end is missing ,  two of those wires are not like the other lol can you tell which one don't belong Hahaha, Funniest episode yet🤣🤣When that drum had the chance and sick of seeing the tire doing burnouts he took it ! what a burnout, took all the bloody rust right off and headed right for the parking lot 🤣🤣just about wizzed in my pants 🤣your awesome 👍just loven it 👏
Starting the video with the car magically transported to a well-equipped shop instead of a gravel pad somewhere din't augur well.  Usually the comic elements of these stories predominate but it became clear this script was Elizabethan tragedy- doomed before the players were even born. When the final answer is return to carburetor the iceman hath cometh. Show's over.
This is the first Vice Grip Garage segment I have ever seen, and it was amazing! You are a true comedian and doing exactly what you should be doing in this world. I feel for the struggle man but your composure was seriously admirable. I recently bought a 1981 Cadillac DeVille Sedan here in Australia that once belonged to my grandfather. It was the last car my grandfather owned, and he used to pick me up from school in it when I was 6. After he passed, the family sold it, and I saw it parked outside a restaurant. I went in and asked for the owner of the car. The owner and I had a great chat, and he confirmed it was my grandfather's and that he would call me if he was ever going to sell it. 12 years later, I got the call, and I bought it. When I went to pick it up and drive it home, it was the first time I had sat in the car for 34 years, and it had barely changed. Now I am slowly restoring the car. I would love to see if you can revive this thing. All the best, and thanks so much for the laughs.
Derek simultaneously makes me think 1. I can also fix cars and 2. I never want to fix cars.
I don’t think I have laughed so hard at an episode as this one)))))
No back pressure on tail pipe
Hook right line up to other
Temp sensor was the root of all evil back in those days.
Earl!😂😂😂
Carb Swap with the Holley Terminator EFI System. LoL
lol, the fire.
Put the hubcaps on it so it’ll quit showing it’s nuts
Instead of going with a carb I think a Holly Sniper or if you rally want to make it reliable, put a Chevy 400 in. It 2:21
Geez: reminds me of an 85 Ford Tempo I was "buying," from Condor Motors in Chickasha OK, back in 1998/99. PIECE OF SH!#. Nothing BUT problems. The fuel injection, was ONE of the BIGGEST!!!!
They were junk new
Going to the gym now, doing the old muffler press
Get rid of that 8-6-4 crap and put on an Edelbrock changeover package, with a standard Coupe DeVille computer...
They didn't want the elderly owner(s) driving it, so they removed the gas tank.  Very effective, wouldn't you say?
If you erase an already erased computer, does it make a sound?
This reminds me of the beginning to Lord of the Rings.  You can't get help with how to make this engine work, because, "None now live who remember it".....
i really appreciate riding the struggle bus with the rest of us..... that dang exhaust
Yes dude pig slap a carb on there please bro she sounds like she might get a wheel lol hahaha
Sounds like  you're working on a B-17.
They are still running the same problem. Active Fuel Management. It’s still a problem and a new lawsuit is brewing.
It either needs to be figured out with some research, swapped with a high power diesel (my favorite option), or a ~500 hp (possibly with forced induction) big block of some sort. Maybe even some sort of decent power with the stock bottom end that’s in it already.
As much as I'm impressed by your ability to get cars running; I'm even more impressed that you're able to convince people to sell you their cars. I've been attempting to buy a car for over a month and most people absolutely refuse to have anything to do with anyone who doesn't live within a 5 mile radius of them no matter how much I'm willing to pay them.
I like Derek strugling with the muffler 😂😂😂 trying to cut loose the pipe I’m littelarly laughing out loud my ass !!!! The lesson of real life here is even guy like him are daily hurting themself, eating dust, tasting rust in the mouth, and hassling like we do even if he is maybe (something) better tooled than we are. But aside a bit of scenario youtuber scripting the guy he’s giving in some real troubles 😂😂😂
I used to live in Nixa, Missouri I know exactly where your at brother.
use a tripod to avoiid camera shake
Get it back home and do a 502 swap!
I legitimately witnessed suffering in this episode...
What a Frankenstein small block. Government induced nightmare.
Do a LS Swap in it
What did you end up doing with this Caddy?  Looks like it would be a good candidate for an LS swap for drag and drive.  Is it for sale?😊
I worked as a manager in a parts store. I remember the 1st time a customer told me that motor was a 4cyl a 6cyl and a 8.  I thought he was stoned.
😂😂😂😂😂❤❤ its in my soul!" ..priceless Derek "
Its definitely the coolant temp sensor, i have a late 80s k2500 with the 305 TBI and had the exact issue. The ECM relys on MAP, and coolant temp on start and warm up, which determines idle, timing and injector pulses. If you unplug it, it wont run right, but should run better, with less fuel being dumped in it.
I know the TBi in the trucks would do the same thing if the coolant temp sensor was bad. The dash would read but the computer would think it’s -56 outside and dump fuel.
Those are Oldsmobile hubcaps.
How does Derek keep from using swear words? This man is incredibly disciplined. That exhaust removal would have sent me into orbit 🙄
Id put a 70s 472 in it .that car is too nice to junk . personally id put abig block caddy or 455 Buick.odsmobile or Pontiac.
Thanks for the demo of the Nascar quick release brake drums.  They didn't catch on.... not like that 8-6-4 masterpiece you got to enjoy.
I would say when you put the injectors back maybe you just tightened down the allen key grub screws on top off the injectors down all the way ?  I'd say that these grub screws act as adjusters to how much the injector plungers go up and down   Maybe I'm wrong but I don't think so
It's a really nice car actually. Would be worth getting an adapter and put a Sniper injection on it.
Passenger side sparkalators probably have to be put in from underneath.
Did you taste the oil?
Exhaust system probably weighed 300 pounds.
Thank you for sharing this. Doesn't look to hard.
I’ve always loved old Cadi’s.. but never had any interest in trying a V8-6-4.. read too many horror stories about them.  I WISH I could buy it off ya, in which case I would SBC swap it and enjoy it from now on.. but that’s just me.   Thank you for all your hard work.
"We're going to pretend that we fixed it, then when it breaks we're going to deny ever touching it". Story of my life.
Something I encountered years ago when I had a fiero with the broccoli injection. My fiero decided to dump 100% fuel. It ended up being a burnt diode in the computer. Sniped the diode in the computer and drove it home. My other choice was a potentiometer to dial down the fuel flow and the pedal to adjust airflow. Good luck with that caddy
Genius I would of burned  it and claimed  insanity.
Dude, Safety glasses or goggles. Imean you can call them giggles.
i have been a fa of yours for years. it was nice see you try so hard. turn it in to a gamble 500 version of finnagans caddy
Can a guy ask the camera man for a hand??
Is there a part 2?  Don’t recall if you found another throttle position sensor. It being unplugged might be what caused the deactivation solenoids to wig out because the computer has no tps signal
That thing may not make it to the scene of the accident. I know old timers that used to tell horror stories about those cars they would quit before they monkeyed with them again. Most like Chrysler lean burns ended up regular carb and ignition curve. We used to run the TPI pumps in TBI trucks that was about the highest GPH pump the regulator would deal with. When the pump was about half dead it will still be ok for a small block TBI.
These videos are comedy gold. I love his demeanor and watch your videos for a good laugh. There's nothing like watching someone else go through the same things you have and sharing a good laugh over their frustration.
it all depends on what day this rolled down the assembly line but I would throw the motor away and put another different one in its place every car with that engine in them had major problems once in a great while you find one still running . You would be better off putting it on a tailor and take in home and pull home .
I think them 2 infectors are stuck open  and fule in poring down the intake and in to the exhaust
Don't give up on it. They say it became fairly reliable with updates
When a car makes u sing and then explodes! Lmao !!!
Wow they been trying to stick AFM system back then , I thought that was an o7 - 08 debut ? Vgg with the automotive knowledge! Also your vocals are like a songbird 🎵 u can sing more ! “This girl is on fiya!! 🔥
A meth-head could have had that cat off in 2 minutes.
That muffler though… 😂
I did drive a 59 Pontiac home from Ogalala Nebraska to Merrill WI. It had been sitting 15 years.
idk how the person recording keeps it together 🤣
So cool to have O'Reilly inviting Derek to their studio headquarters. If anyone deserves a red carpet, it's VGG. Getting a new gas tank was a good call, but you'd think O'Reilley's would have a car lift.
I've always wondered what the GM guys were thinking when they came up with this engine design. The guys at Mercedes Benz are doing the same thing now and I don't really get it. I mean a high-end luxury car that only the rich can afford, designed to save gas, as if rich people are concerned with how much gas their ride burns. Even from an environmental point of view it doesn't make much sense, because how many of those crates were on the road compared to mid-size sedans and compact cars? In short, this ride makes no sense and my advice is, tear out the junk under the hood and put a real engine in it
I would love to see a video of outtakes where you absolutely loose your shit. Making up new curse words and throwing shit. Hell I would pay to see it. Call it a fund raiser. Love the content brother.
Whats become of this car? Feel it has potential but definitely needs hammering
I was GM tech in the 90s. Owned a 91 Cadillac. 864. I wish you could have heard me telling you what I did to make it run. I didn't sware !!! Loved this engine.
The choking and "it's in my soul!" got me lol
thank you for this video. I used to own an '86 Fleetwood Broughom and this coup de ville brought back my fond memories! Such an American car!!! Big, plush, over the top, and just a giant boat! Screw the dinosaurs lol
I would  Love ❤ to have  this  cadillac  wow
The level of my entertainment and laughter is proportionally related to the level of your frustration, the complexity of your problems, and the volume of your minor injuries.
Just thought of this. Holly has a two barrel sniper EFI system. Thousand bucks from Summit racing . Throw the old computer and all that shit in the trash and throw the holly on it.  I bet it would run like a top .
if you still have this car. yank that motor and computer out and drop in maybe a 472 or a 500 inch caddy or maybe Ellis swap it. Nice car but the technology and that engine truly sucks. My friend in high school his parents had one and they had nothing but problems with it. GM attempt to fuel economy.  40 years later, they still don’t have it right.
I caught the video a little too late but I had a 1981 Fleetwood braugm 468as well but you can actually disable so it only runs on 8 ,I don't remember exactly what I did but not very complicated
Update? I'm real curious if you ever go it to run how it did from factory
I love that guy!!! He's funny!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
My friends family had one, they got it brand new. It took about 4 months and never ran right again. They sued Cadillac and got most of their money back. But that took along time.
Whiter than a Celine Dion concert pmsl
@Vice Grip Garage I would like to see you put a scan tool on the car & read what codes it is throwing.
You gotta know when to hold em, know when to fold em, know when to walk away, and know when too... RUN!! Run Derek, RUN!!!!
made for a good story. I would stick with pre EFI /pre computer finds, when it started I knew it wont end well....
My 92 caddy had the same issue where after resetting ecm it would start right up but the second attempt things would go haywire. I put in a new ecm and bingo many things were fixed. Clogged fuel injectors from a vehicle sitting long periods of time will destroy the fuel injection transistors in an ecm. My caddy would start up at 4000 rpm eventually when the computer bit the bullet. Installed new ecm fixed it
I love the way the car looks.  Just do the carb swap, then it will probably sell easy.
Best way to fix an EFI car is to swap in a carburetor
Derek, can’t stress enough the importance of SAFETY GLASSES. I’ve had the unfortunate experience of getting shards of metal stuck into my Cornea. Definitely not an enjoyable experience. Eye Doc was able to pluck the bits out. But this experience taught me a valuable lesson. You only get one set of Eyes. Protect them from damage!
The drum rolling across the floor was awesome  too!
The mice built a nest in the torque converter /flex plate area
Bad coolant temp sensor thinks it’s -80 degrees outside dumps fuel
Without some kind of scan tool all you can do is shotgun parts at it. Thought the oxy snsor might be the ticket but no luck. Very well could be the computer but probably not a easy part to find. Derek has the patience of a saint.
Why the hell dont you have it on a lift?
Love the the Wilson from tool time bit.... Very funny 😂😂 greetings from Denmark.
After long thinking, i got to thinking that car if possible should be restored to it's original condition. Because of the problematic goo gadgets and the one year only production engine makes this a very rare car. And rare means potentially very valuable! This Cadillac in original working order and in that condition could very well be only a few in existence. In 10 or 20 years i could see it going for a half million or some crazy amount? Just something to consider 👍
Derek's dry sense of humor is hilarious.
Derrick I remember when those 8 6 4 Caddys came out, they were the worst Caddys ever made along with the 76 Seville deseasal .. the 79 was probably the best car of that era with the 425 CI, I had 2 of them.. they had real Cadillac engines I’m sure you’ve worked on them.. but the best way to save the car is convert it to a 425 with electronic ignition simple and reliable. Your car has a nice body nice design and interior.. Yeah Cadillac really shot themselves in the foot with the 81’s then they came out with the HT 4100 that were slightly better till the head gaskets blew.. I believe in 86 or 87 they started putting Oldsmobile 307’s in them which were great engines but people that bought them got pissed when they found out they bought a Caddy with an olds engine for a Cadillac price tag, I believe there were lawsuits..but they kept the 307’s for quite a while till the 281 Northstar motors came out( AKA the death star) because those blew out head gaskets as I’m sure you know, the problem was the head bolts not the heads or the gaskets.. they redesigned the bolts in 2004 and those were good engines except 90% developed major motor oil leaks at around 100K miles and the motors had to be taken out and resealed to fix them because they were split blocks.. all in all Cadillac engine designs were bad from 81 till now…even the 3.6’s they put in most most CTS’s and XTS’s developed correlation codes for stretched timing chains..now the motors are 4 bangers with turbo chargers.. I’m expecting those to be the next Cadillac disaster..
yes putting a carb on that engine will probably stand it on it end. A carb retro would be fun to watch to see how its done
2:03:05 that was one of the funniest things I’ve seen!!
I wonder how many thousands of pounds of extra tools he acquires, Hobo Freight, Oriley and so on.  Cans of fuel, man garage sale here I come!
Ain't even no rust on that thing🎉
Wish that I could have seen it finally get finished
Carb swap it
your level of patience is alarming
Been enjoying your video presentations. As for this Cadillac you're working on... When you found the gas tank sitting inside the trunk, my first thought (idea) of why this was, is because in some states, the removal of the tank made it be considered no longer an "automobile" per state automotive insurance regulations. By removing the gas tank, the State wouldn't require insurance to be maintained on the vehicle. Even if the car was a "parts car", the State could fine the owner for not having current insurance on it; so by removing the tank, it circumnavigated the "must be insured" requirement. I suspect that that is why the tank was removed by the owner.  Now, as for that 4-6-8 .... I owned a multitude of early to mid 1980s Cadillac limousines. I was 18 years old in 1984, and a business associate of mine owned one of these 468 caddies. It was a total disaster. I remember me going for a ride with him in his 468 to meet up with an associate of his, who lived in Northeastern Ohio, who was an electrical engineer for GM.  This guy was the one who actually designed the computer chip for GM. I remember he and my friend discussing this chip. The guy said that he told GM that the computer chip would never work properly, but they insisted he make it work. In short, my friend said this guy had designed a "new" (non-sanctioned) chip that could replace the GM chip, which would override the factory chip, and would make the car ALWAYS run as an 8 cyl.  Well, anyway... yeah, that 468 was notoriously a complete failure. Was a great idea, but the technology to make it work just wasn't there yet.
Fuel regulator?
Those are my favorite Cadillacs...
Lol the person videoing could have helped you lol
Fighting with that muffler 😂  most relatable thing ever
Tow it home!!
That thing is a mess!!  DAMN
Aw come on Coupe De Ville' 2 door  Sedan De Ville, 4 door
We’ll see you when you get out of the funny farm 😂😂😂😂😂
That’s called a drumroll 😂😂😂😂😂
Lack of voltage would definitely affect any computer system
Maybe once you get the alternator on the computer will be consistent in the car one correctly and not give you a fucking problem anymore😂😂😂😂
My patience is wearing thin with you get this thing running 😂😂😂😂
Right because you’re going to keep and treasure this problematic 80s nightmare nice looking on the inside Cadillac
Please never show this car again i felt so bad for you if it were me and the throttle body caught fire i would have rolled it out side and walked away lol
Yeah, that’s because it spent more time in the garage and it did driving because of the reliability issues 😂😂😂😂😂
Yeah, extend the warranty and the grief of owning the car until you have it paid off 😂😂😂😂😂
Can you get the plastics that go around the rear bumper or that’s how it is so the cars are right off
Fabulous trip on the train. Have thought of cleaning your own windaes....😅😅😅
me I love your videos you are so funny and cool
This is what I feel like working on my BMW N63. 😂😂 The drum flying off killed me!!
Man the big picture  it was the first attempt to get rid of the backyard mechanic!
Fuel, electro-magic, air, fire, vicegrip, go Cadillac! With your power's combined I am am V864!
Remember, designers of the future... Engine bays should have lots, and lots of unused space. For every gadget you add, ensure you add an inch or two of space around it for access!
I wish this feller knew you were in my backyard.  I could have helped you with the tires.  Have you got it hauled back home yet?
This car is so bad!! How bad is it? This car is so bad, its own parts try to run away from it!!!
Throughout the whole video, I HATED this CADDY-CRAP on your behalf.  I think you should have just let it burn to the ground.  I enjoyed the video!  Thanks for sharing!😤  🔥🔥🔥
Enjoying watching Derek work with both hands! (But please Mr/Mrs Camera person, less coffee and less shaky shaky camerwork please.....it makes me get seasick lol!
Map pocket? I thought that was a litter bin 😆
My brother-in-law had  one of the engines had nothing but problems with it. Sold it after only having it a year. Just as bad as them putting a diesel in them. Pull the engine out and big block it
I have a 350 I'd like to drop in that Cadillac,  how much you want for it?
the poverty version of my brougham coupe 🙌🏽🔥💯
A fella getting in the Caddy was my biggest laugh of the video. Great stuff!
Old feller told me he'd give me 50$ to take the gas tank out his caddy at the time it was a good deal so I took a death wheel and got er out
Switch it with a holley Sniper .
Fuck me I’m a young automotive apprentice when he opened the hood I felt right at home wanted to keel over and die it’s just like a modern car sensor sensor and ohhh more sensors and bullshit and oh I’m just gonna pretend I didn’t see that like 50 miles of lines
*Rebuilding Transmission New Clutches* 😂
Quotation, I’m going to attempt to turn the engine over with the bad starter that likes to start on fire!! 😂😂😂 I needed this chuckle. I’m fighting seized caliper pins that were never lubricanted. And needed a break and a laugh enjoy your shows keep it up ! 😊
carb swap
carb swap
1:40:41 fuel pump should run at 20 psi
wrecking yard, get it running good, daily, they are fun cars to drive specially on the freeway, they roll real well, set cruise at 98 and go!
so it was running crappy why then?
did you forget to close those injectors after hitting them with 9V?
soak those injectors they clog easily and are a bish to work them holes free to get a good even spray mist...  test em with a mocked up fuel feed or a feed from a brake cleaner hoseamejobber whatever..  just one clogged nozzle hole and the overall injector spray is like a morning after wizz when a lil baby batter has dried at the end of the mane vane . .  yup, like that . . then your MPG is out the door like yourself once the overnight beauty queen discovers you've wet down her tissue roll with your fly eye spray job..  lol ..  put the toilet seat down !!!
lucky you have the only your with a normal positioned v8, after they were transverse FWD units. gasket issues main seal issues and a bish to repair . .
soooooo.... go grab a holly 600 cfm, rip everything with a wire out... pull of the valve covers rip out all of that 8/6/4 bullshit out... slap in a distributer that is not pcm controlled and go to town.
Carb swap
Put a carbureted LS 6.0 in it
I was in tears with the muffler battle, wish i got my dad onto watching your videos before he passed, he would of loved your videos
A guy's gotta get to the bottom of that!
I was thinking maybe a bad computer for a long while in the video. Don’t they sell a computer?
Carb swap  it, want to see it drive
Derek I just went through getting my 368 going again,   Looonngg story short 100$ computer on rock auto.  Delivered next day, runs like a champ.     Worth a shot buddy
sometimes good ideas have to wait to be implemented until the tech catches up. this car is a prime example
LS
I was really rooting for a guy to conquer that ridiculous mess of hoses, wires and nonsense. I say ditch the fuel injection and anything else computer controlled and go with an old school 4 barrel carb. Also, it’s ready for side pipes. I’d do side pipes.
Cutting out the cat was necessary but ruined O2 sensor readings. Aside from that, my 1989 K1500 tbi needs the idle reset if I look at a sensor wrong. I commend you for attempting this without a scan tool to look at live data though
Semtex
Your O’reillys add played while watching this
do a episode where you take a ford v8 eec-v ecu from 1998-2002 and run the engine and electrodigical trans on the floor with the stock tank, pump, evap, cannister, hego's, iac, iat tps, wot-cut hi/lo fan, pats, obd-2, etc etc and then swap the motor into something, maybe a 36 ford pickup or something like that, using the stock relay box and fuse box, splicing the spag-bol shorter, shift machine sol a - b etc etc, that would be very nice.
Install huge cam Cadillac 500 with a massive carb on it!
Man that car kicked Derek’s butt. That was hard to watch him take the loss. Poor Derek suffered through that one. This video sums up how I feel on just about every time I work on my 85 vette.
This is the first video i have seen where you are very frustrated, but remaining very calm.  Well done Derick.  The flying brake drum was the highlight!
Lol, the quote at 10:06, "it hit my soul" is awesome and a new one on me!  Love these quotes! Sorry Derek but sometimes your misfortune are opportunities for comedy 😉
Stand alone efi...
You can do cel and reset through the heater control. Yeah i watched the entire vid. The map sensor comment below is very true also.
Delete the 8 6 4, cool car fo sho
Woulda been faster, cheaper, and more powerful to pull that anchor and drop in an Iron Duke.
😂😂😂 dude is awesome
Too many computerize parts for EPA restrictions when this 8-6-4 boat anchor was made. Was hoping you could get this running and driving. Those old boats were such a smooth ride.
the fight with the muffler was crazy 😅
I am impressed. The camera operator's ability to maintain composer was exceptional, Either they were extremely professional or thoroughly unamused. I was laughing for more than half of this video. I had to rewind several times so that I could absorb all the amazing dialog. Thank you, Derek for another beautiful video and thank you to O'Reilly's for your involvement.
Cannot beleive on the de-mulletizing
I always wonder if, like in this case, you did any research on the schematics or anything on engines you've never dealt with before prior to jumpin' in and working on it. My Dad was a big Caddy guy and I wish he was still around so I could ask him about this. That interior is VERY familiar to me :-)
My guess is that there is a temp sensor on the intake that tells the injectors how much fuel to use. When the sensor goes bad the computer thinks its -40. I know that is the case on a '92 350.
You were in Springfield!? Crazy
Turn it into an air bnb
Champions Champion 🏆 good onya mmmmmaaaate 😊
Despite the electrical and engine challenges, these old Cadillacs are great body and suspension wise.  This would be the perfect platform for a LS or Caddy 500 swap, plus add Impala SS suspension pieces and they become a really fun ride!
You should be afraid. That Cadi was going ninja on you taking the fuel straps off.
That muffler removal brings back a few very fond side of the road and back yard with the homies memories like crazy 😂😂😂 idk how many times ive done that same thing 😂😂😂😂
Highly recommend safety classes,......your eyes are already 50% smaller than ours.....try to, keep them!!!!! SAFETY CLASSES IS A MUST !!!!!
Guy has more ads in his video then a kid has cavities. 😂
Carb swap it and strip delete all those hoses. Strip it down to the basics.
With modern electronics you could make the system reliable.
If you still have the Caddy, seems to me that this would be a great candidate for an LS swap!! Would be bad ass with a stroked LS.
I had an Aunt and Uncle that always had 2 Cadillac's from the 50's to late 80's.   They would trade 1 in every couple years.   Their cars were spotless.   The only 2 cars my uncle ever complained about was the 57 Biarritz Convertible and the 81 8-6-4 they had.   They both had too many electric issues and were at the dealership too much.  The 57 had fuel injection problems also.  That car was sent to Mexico in 1958 or 9 because the dealership got tired of working on it.  The 8-6-4 would backfire and shutdown all the time.
Please wear safety glasses when using cutting devices, Metal in the eye is no joke , thanks for the great info with old parked abandoned cars , love this stuff , keep up good work !
Man, THAT'S frustrating just WATCHING! Impressive how he goes through logical diagnostic thought processes.
Derek please wear a mask when doing the exhaust like that. That packing material will go for you. Goggles too.
I kinda want to buy it now. I love trying to figure stuff like this out. And I absolutely love those old caddy’s
Derek, remove the current powerplant and install a 500 in her.
no back pursurer
check the geg for the fuel thqat you put on the top
open exhast 02 sencer
sounds like the starter is sticking and staying engaged.
What about those mini-switches you have been twiddling?  I've never screwed around with a Cadillac, but I have replaced those type of switches often enough to know that they are so unreliable they even resist the magic of DeOxit
Im in fucking tears right now!! thank god you had a camera man this time who caught the drum falling off! absolute gold!
A candidate for a ls swap
I would find an older engine and trans and $@&:can that motor and trans and replace it and call it a day.
Its got good bones. Throw an Ls in it.
I am upset for the first time - no data revealed on distance traveled, e.t. or top end speed on the brake drum!!
👀👌🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
I'm sorry for admitting this. But I laughed so darn hard at this video
A good name for the car. Super white Susie
I had a 93 Cougar I hated those mechanical seatbelts! It's perfect for a LS swap. It was amazingly crappy!
Grab the oil filter at the top were it can/t bend bottom
Carb swap
GM all the way through 86 to about 96 had 48 mission switches and almost all their cars and millions of cars went to the junkyard bro changing the ignition they didn't get it right till they got that port fuel injected and to change your key program system keys get wet but that ignition switch is s*** that somebody had too much keychain hanging on it I'll take that one of those Hatcher and this comment any gems you give him here on out I'm telling you that's when they started putting in that fuel injected s*** 3083 that TBS and the Terminator broccoli system TPI throttle body fuel injected typical bulshit injection GM come up with when they went to the port injection any of the motor I don't care if you get an 86 Laporte injection or something like that they scream same with the carburetor say with that TPI unless you get a holler and elder Brock a standalone fuel management system you know this though I just got you confused at Terminator broccoli injection system made the comments so maybe it has a video on me and throw me one of them nice vise grip garage hat and a pair of them are Terminator plies with the vice grip garage logo on❤
Still watching, Derek your patience level with that One Year Special Cadillac is inspiring, I am not sure I wouldn’t have found a cliff to push it over. Maybe Wiley coyote could drop it on the roadrunner!
Currently watching, learning about fuel injectors! Learned some new work out 💪 exercises a few minutes ago, called the muffler press!!!! Now the fuel tank press, it’s like a full work out!!!
Didn't notice if you tried this but I've had two different tbi vehicles that were just dumping fuel like this and it was the coolant temp sensor for the computer. Makes it thinks its below freezing and needs fuel.
You have more patience than me. By now I’d have stuck a brick on the throttle pedal, kicked the axle stands out and watched it punch a Cadillac shaped hole through that garage door. Let it go back to nature…
Amazingly well shot and edited - whole production is superlative!
Not sure how the camera man keeps it together sometimes 😂
I had a 1957devilletwo door
Those setups were a failure from the get go and I was shocked to see something similar applied to my buddy's  new Camaro and full size Chevy truck. He had his shit  de programmed or something. I Had mentioned the 8 6 4 crap from the 80s and how bad it was.(He's only 22 so didn't know about it) SURPISED Gm is doing that crap again!
Oh while I was driving my brake lines were glowing orange. I like the body because the convertible is a good possibility.
You need 1 very important thing, a whole engine starting with a 500,  472, 455, 400,  or a 350 from the late 60's or early 70's. Those engines are trash AND THE ELECTRIC IS A JOKE. BUT THE BODY IS GOLDEN.
Hope you can get back to try  another revival. Would love to see you get it back on the road like the brown 69 and white Betty White 70 Cadillacs. Always enjoy your channel and following along with your family oriented VGG channel.
I wonder why the fuel tank was removed. Makes me think that maybe something happened like someone threw sugar in there or something. So when they parked it they cut the tank out and cut the filler neck off in order to condem it and prevent anyone in the future from ruining the engine.. 🤔
You probably haven’t checked this yet but the temp sensor controls fuel rate and if it reads -32 it will dump fuel
Leave the. Caddy all stock apart from efi 632 chev under hood...
Injectors are hung , you should have got new ones on a parts store run...
DUDE. Your cameraman is awesome! You,...you just keep trying! 🙂 kidding. You're a great teacher to kids who respond to, and love this stuff, and to us old men who are trying to teach them.  Thank you. you're awesome.
the funniest  episode  on vice grip  garage  I seen in long  time he really do not know  what is happening  man this 81 cadillac is nightmare 😂
Bleep Bloop
Derek, My utmost respect to the 10th power for the patience you’ve shown on this large deluxe specimen of Cadillac’s 82 POS !   You are my hero, and  to last as long as you had is just unheard ,  My Dad would have driven this fine V-Hickle straight into our 100 year old Cherry tree (Or set that Sumbitch afire) Respect Derek 👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻
I dont know why but the muffler removal scene was hilarious 😂
Plug in an LS…and forget it
I'm watching the '72 Marquis Brougham right now and just finished the '78 Rotbird. You're a trip but I love watching you do what I wish I could do! Keep on finding, fixing and driving! Thanks for the videos!!
I think Tannerite is in order 🤘🤘🤘
Engine Swap!!! How about a straight 6?
That break drum said “ see ya “ lmao 😂😂😂
At least we know how the previous starter went bad.
I have taken a lot inspiration from Derek.   There seems to be no project he won't tackle.  He has incredible self-confidence and he doesn't lose his temper even when frustrated.    As a long in the tooth shade tree mechanic, electrician, plumber and carpenter, my experience has taught me to be extremely cautious about taking something apart that I am unfamiliar with.  However, after watching Derek, it occurs to me if it is already broken, I probably won't make it any worse - get the wrenches and go for it.
Wow.  I am so sorry you couldn't prevail over that pretty old girl. Wasn't for a lack of trying.  You did the work, still, I am exhausted!
Put a ford engine in it
Can I buy it.. would love to have it.. got a 5.3 I want to swap into it..
So maybe a muffler wrench isn’t such a strange idea. Lol
Poor old car fought you tooth and nail!
600-650 cfm carb would be perfect, but i'm not sure if the computer ran the timing on that car - in which case, you'd need to do an HEI swap as well.
My 89 Camaro has done the full blast of fuel like that before. It was the relay that makes the injectors open and close that was bad. You did say you swapped them but maybe both bad? Also if stuff gets in the injectors it can make that happen too. Did I miss the part where you took an injector apart or did you not do it? I do fully agree with the carb idea! Unfortunately, a whole bunch of other stuff is controlled by the computer too and you end up with all your electro-digicals as you'd say acting stupid in the vehicle. Anxious to see what it is when you finally do get this thing going. Great show Derek.
I see it finally gave it's soul up to heck.😐😊
Please do a Fi-Tech intake!!!!!
I can only imagine this man's camera man. No matter what he makes no sound. He's just standing there 😐🎥😐🎥😐🎥😐🎥😐🎥😐🎥😐🎥😐🎥😐🎥😐🎥😐🎥😐🎥😐🎥😐🎥😐🎥😐🎥😐🎥😐🎥😐🎥😐🎥😐🎥😐🎥😐🎥😐🎥😐🎥😐🎥😐🎥😐🎥😐🎥😐🎥😐🎥👁️👄👁️
The first thing that comes to mind is 80s cars are now 45 years old,   I hear the Ecm computer can corrode internal get flaky or totally quit working.    I used to have a 1987 caprice with a digital meter wired into the computer wiring harness you could read the vital signs watch it go into closed loop and O2 sensor go lean climbing up over hills.
The patients that this guy has is phenomenal if this car came into the shop and I am working on it, trying my best, throwing every single thing that I know at it from learning it at school, learning things, hands-on, and through the years of just automotive I would literally Roll my toolbox away from this car lol f it I’ll put a 350 small block in it call it a day
Wear safety goggle protect those peepers :(
Got a 78 dodge ram charger would love to see you do this with
Noticed when you were reassembling the Toilet Bowl Injection system, looked like you may have forgotten the two big o-rings that sit on top of the metal rings.  Might be the cause of all of the raw fuel dumping in.  Hope you get er sorted out at some point man!
As a Cadillac collector, that car is better and more than you think.  Sad it sat.  Wish I found it myself.
We demand justice...
You are something, Derek. My Dad had a V8-6-4. He had a four door medium grey and it was nice and comfortable but he complained that the engine was flaky. Was his last car and he still liked it.
Carb is like your Prom night😂
Awesome episode bro I hope ya make this truck a rat rod shop truck errand runner it’s worth saving and giving a cool revamp and just keep her body patina lol and great lessons as someone else said
Best parts table cleaner! 😂
Looks like a good derby car
Plug in diagnostic system testor seems to be a strong need in  approaching this monster.
Got to say that he is the least swearingest mechanic i have ever seen and i have been one for 28 years lol.
HEY BROTHER YA WANNA BORROW A  A DOZEN STICKS OF DYNO MITE .... THAT WILL FIX HER FER SURE
LS swap......
LOL... MUFFLER 3 DEREK NADA
So much mouse nest in my mouth 💀💀💀💀💀
The famous 4100 engine.  I remember people starting swoping the engines in those with 350s.
Bad motor,junk
Watching dude using that cutoff wheel with no safety glasses gave me heartburn like crazy
How his camra man doesn't die laughing every 5 minutes I will never understand
It’s just a real shame that they didn’t have reliable technology in those cars because it could’ve just be Awesome
The brake drum had it right,  run as far as possible. Great episode 😂.
For those who aren't aware, throttle body injection is the simplest and most reliable form of EFI when you don't unplug half the sensors and power cycle the ECM 800 times without giving it a chance to learn.
I would see if another computer could be installed (same model or better) and maybe another engine that is compatible with the aforesaid.   My word to those delving into the barn-finds; find out what is involved with the model and never assume anything is true.  This includes not just "ran when parked" but other people working on it.  Derek saw where the wires were soldered.  Something tells me that isn't factory.  An alternate plan (if he was on his property) would be to push the vehicle outdoors and let it burn once the fuel injectors caught fire.
There was nothing wrong with the TBI engine that replacement with a small-block Chevy couldn't fix.
Its a white Cadillac, thats not hail damage, much more likely cocaine and high heeled hooker damage.
I’d love to see this car run and drive!!! Best 2 hours I’ve spent watching something, and be disappointed in the end…
when that brake drum took off across the shop... yep that about sums up this car. I about fell out of my chair.. lol
Yank that boat anchor out & LS/ 480LE swap it. Problem solved.
lile to see a video of how to delete most of the electronic crap, maybe a whole engine swap
great condition car. definitely do a carb swap or fix it. I'm in the UK and we love a Cadillac, it's the US version of the rolls Royce
Why do you have your video with the sound so fast? It’s hard to understand. I like the videos but don’t like the sound or the talking I should say.
What ever you payed was to much
After holding off and warm button the display should go to 9.0 or 7.0 then flash the codes. When it doesn't the computer is junk unless you have wiring issues. I have had 18 cadillacs from the years 1981 to 1985 . Love your Channel
LS SWAP IT  OR A CUMMINS THE BODY IS NICE
I would change the intake and put a sniper FI
I watched and listened to everything you said and  even all your facial contortions after your repartee with yourself.  You definitely do not like yourself but are resisting all your own criticism and reproval.  Take it easy on yourself and learn to be a mechanic ...all this might morph into something that'll make you forget suicide.   Good luck.
I took a shot for every time you tried starting the engine. My liver has dissolved. Thank you
Hello Derek and family
we had alot of issues with the computer
watching you try to take off that exhaust was painful   omg
Funny you picked one of these up.. ive owned one for a year in my teen days as a first-ish towner screw around car.. horrible on gas put it was powerful and comfortable. Started having the same issues u were having and since i got my 72 chevelle running with the 396 i thought i was top notch mechanic lol.. couldnt figure out for the high water what was going on & it turded me off because i fell in love with it.. push come to sell i just said screw it and junked it.. got a pretty cool 81 5.0 toronado with the red leather and tooted around town in that til i got a 97 awd explorer.. had some pretty cool to me cars in life. now im boring with a 14 fusion thats dead in the water, a 09 yukon thats my fav, a 99 olds intrigue 3.8 slap around car and a 09 mercedes c350 which is a pretty cool solid car.. dont know why i typed so much lol.. any whootie keep on doing what you do. u got my thru years of knowledge and entertainment which i appreciate..
😂
I've done something similar as you did with the muffler, without eye protection. I ended up at the ophthalmologist who cut out a piece of rust of my eye. Remarkably, he used a similar tool to do that, only a lot smaller. And without anesthesia of course. Learning through experience.
I died laughing when you sneezed 😂😂😂😂
Thank you, you made me laugh a lot on this episode.  I would like to see how to do a carb swap on one of those.
He got burnt with a PILE of $hit!
The injectors are hanging open because the seals inside have failed, causing them to leak fuel at 6+psi and hydrolocking the cylinders. Id rebuild the injectors with new rubber seals and thatll probably fix it.
About 10 min before you mentioned the TPS, I said I bet the TPS is not reporting correctly.
Why not use the floor jack to raise the fuel tank into position rather than muscling it and risking pinching lines etc?
I bought a Caddie cdv in '78. Had it till '02. Was inpeccable till '00. Then I drove it into the dirt.
I remember there was a way to bypass the 4-6-8 controller to run in V8 Mode only. This was decades ago do I could be wrong.
I'd love to see you do a tbi to a carb swap!
Def. Carb swap
I would have thrown more things and taken a hammer to the fuel injectors by the 10th time it didn’t work right. Good job on not doing that lol.
Blower peaks out of the hood......😅
GM GARBAGE
I would love to get this coupe deville from you 🙏🏽
Carb swap!
That flying brake drum had me rollin! 😂
YES! memories of the automatic seat belt thing! My Hyundai Excel had them. When I got in the drivers side, and the passenger got in quicker - and slammed their door, my side would activate and smash my skull between the door and door frame! Endless excitement and fun for everyone but me...
I don’t think we’ve ever seen him delve into insanity as much as this video and that exhaust pipe lmao
Gut it and put in a 70's 350 or something.
it looks like a brown recluse lolz
My first guess would be coolant temp sensor. Pretty common issue. Causes over fueling. Great video. Keep them coming.
Great video. “The hub has travelled farther than the car” lol. Very entertaining
I heard your camera person almost laugh a few times
First of all great video. I remember vividly going with my Grandfather to look at a slightly used Caddy for a LOW price as soon as we get there the owner tells my Gpa this car can be a multiple engine modes, Gpa literally said no thanks took my hand and drug me back to our car
In the spring g of 2023, I was fortunate enough to find a 1979 cadillac Eldorado, with the olds 350ci, which sat in a heated garage for 20 years. With only 59,000  original  miles on it I thought it to be an easy fix.after spending the summer working the bugs out, this cadillac just keeps on giving.  The list is already building for spring time repairs needed. Already parked for the winter, the car is white with white leather, Zero rust, although the plastic bumper fillers are trash . Bought new ones and painted them, just need installed. Overall evaluation it will be a nice car when done, although the problems don't exist from lack of maintenance more like no maintenance.   Double k from western pa
DEREK,,   well u gave it your best shot there and i think if you would have another guy there i think you would have got it,  maybe its as simple as a fuse for the radio and that other thing you were monkeying with,  myself i would never own a cadilac because they were always junk,  i knew a guy that owned 2 caddys and they were his whole life and one blew the motor on a trip and the other blew the motor in his home town,,  sorry you caddy lovers but they are junk.😁😁😁😁
I wasn’t even there and I hate this vehicle. Your patience is admirable.
Cadillac at GM with its V8-6-4 design had many problems. They couldn't make it work properly, and obviously it wasn't in production very long. I've owned two Dodge cars with their MDS HEMIS, and they worked perfectly. Changes from V8 back to four cylinders firing, and back to All 8 cylinders firing is virtually unnoticeable, and the fuel mileage was excellent. One more thing .The entire engine is totally unhampered by hoses, and wiring. Engine is totally visible. Very well laid out .Not like this spider web. Hope you make it home safe.
im guilty of this also but charging the battery while it is still connected can short out the pcm. probably more likely on older cars too.
its a shame it has all the extra crap on it. the plain jane tbi setup is pretty reliable and simple to work on. a tbi 350 from a late 80s or early 90s pickup would be a great swap for the old girl.
Omg the flying brake drum 😂😂😂
"Derric makes the difference and it's getting better all the time! He'll stop the world to fix it too" Derric FI service, we'll get it done right, the...... well one of the times.
“Sounds pretty good! That’s just a race cam” 😂😂😂
Load the car up with free stuff you are giving them free advertising to the right audience  love the channel you are the American version of me  from Canada 🇨🇦
I have an ‘82 Jeep truck with TBI “upgrade”. I drove it for six months before I realized the ECU didn’t have power. The injection unit worked fine as a crappy carb.
When you got to cutting the muffler, will Farrell of mechanics 😂
Carb swap it please
I do think this is the most stressful video i have seen from him. And maybe even for him. I actually heard Derek say "crap" lol something i never thought i would hear. It was a very good episode either way full of laughs and much frustration. I would love to see it blowen up, but that's just me lol. 2:06:44 2:06:44 2:06:44
I feel a bonfire coming on
I just want to know how high their insurance went, just because Derek was working in the shop with his safety squints and other safe practices.
over head injection lol came about a janitor for gm playing a joke brother
Dude I can’t stop laughing at the end, when drum did a burn out across the shop floor 😂😂😂 and then your comment that it tralved  further than the car!!😅😅😅😅. I would have jerked and did an engine swap long time!!!
Man you absolutely never fail on your patience idk how but man you have patience for dayyyyysss love the videos
The muffler delete was absolutely EPIC
Had that in my eldarado
Don't you think you need to vent the shop before you get monoxide poisoning?
The rat nest ingredients are found under the engine bonnet ... just in case you were curious.
Carb Swap! Love these videos and the TV Show
Hello Derek, I agree, dump the 4-6-8 setup and just make it an 8. Also do away with the fuel injection and swap in a 4bbl carb if you can find an adapter plate.
Derek I have a PERFECT IDEA for this Old Coupellator! Now before you say "No" just hear me out (or read me out). You should have a drawing and give this old caddy to the lucky person what's name you select from the drawing. Now, since you are such a very very busy husband, father, neighbor, wrench twister, YouTube sensation, megatvsouprstar, and overall spreader of joy, laughter, fun, I realize that you might not have time to do another Big drawing seeing as how you just awarded the Mopar to the lucky person who's name you selected at random! So what with that busy schedule  and all, it would be best if you only had one name to pick from (in the essence of time, of course) and in keeping with the theme of making it easier to do the drawing from just one name, in order to spare everyone from the devastation of not being selected, I humbley volunteer myself to be the one and only name to be put in the drawing for said Cadillac. Now I know that this will cause me to be hated amongst nobody cause nobody else wants it, but I will just have to bare that burden, cause that's just what kind person I am... Always willing to take one for the team... Always buying the losing lottery tickets so there's more chance for others to win!  Thank You for taking the time to read this comment, and thank you even more for letting us ride along with you for your extremely entertaining road trips! WE Love Ya Brother!
Hey Derek, I'm also messing with a TBI in my 91 Caprice... Runs fine, but richer than Bill Gates at idle. I thing that little allen screw in each solenoid is for calibration. So now they are way off where they should be. But you could get a new set. And I would try to comunicate with the ecu so it can tell you what is wrong? I know you are an old scool guy, but I would like to see the old TBI goin to town. Really appreciate your videos! 🤘
Why doesn't a nice-looking garage have a way to get the exhaust out of the room?
LS SWAP!
In 80s early 90s when all the first emissions came out you needed air cleaner and all hooked up in order for it to calibrate correctly
I would have been using a lot worse words than booger.
Coolant temp sensor will make them run like crap. The one that goes in the intake. Not the head
I think a carb swap would be better
The brake drum taking off, hilarious.
1:24:44 you probably re clogged it cause you weren’t able to blow the lines out.
1:18:26  need a backup.
Bro you got to get some saftey glasses
Time for an LS swap!
Carburetor swap definitely, for the Cadillac.
I laughed way too hard when that brake drum flew off the rear😂. You got more patience then I do I would’ve done burned it to the ground
Those are not Cadillac hub caps 😂
Carberat
I wish you would wear safty glasses. I say this because at age 65 the eye doctor tells me every year about all the scars I have on my eyes. Just a thought
Why not greese the fuel tank gasket?
Make it into a lowrider bud. Call it something gangsta with a "northern" accent
2:03:27 😂😂😂😂 now that was the funny of all funnies Derrick!😂😂😂
Good job with this one, the factory manual would not hurt to work out all the (Specific) theories associated with this particular unit. TBI in general is not as efficient as other forms of injection although it was pretty reliable. I say take your time and make it work when you have the time. I would not shelve it to long and take it on off camera. BTW, Happy New Year!
If you ever get rid of it, please let me get it Derek!!! I Love these cars!!
Carb swap or a follow up video ASAP...please
Does exhaust back pressure have anything to do with anything. Cut few  off my whips way back when and they ran perfect before but wouldn't run after.
speaking with authority as someone who knows absolutely nothing about injectors OR carbs, I have to say the injector 'rebuild' looked a lot simpler than a carb rebuild.
I’d call a priest & give it last rites.
This vehicle was the KING MALAISE.
1:03 - 1:05 priceless
Try crosing the injection
Those old Cadillacs are trash. Especially when they came out with the NorthStar.
Around 1990 I bought a 1985 Elderado with this L6 motor and the body had the 864 badge behind the front wheels. I was 17 years old and second owner. Had no idea that it was rare till a game warden checking on me on side of the road told me it had to be ordered with that specific motor. Later found out it was bought and ordered as a fleet for a rental company in North Las Vegas.
How long till part two?
Derrick! You Sing. That was pretty good! 1:19:47
And that folks is why electronics are a pile of crap on an engine i hate computers on a car .
Fab Rats knows a little about that motor
lol the radios are almost guaranteed to never work on every VGG rescue like this  Edit the runaway drum cracked me up LOL
Not sure if the same issue but my sons 98 Oldsmobile same year drain plugs on firewall plugged up this rusting holes in firewall . The computer on that car was inside on fire wall behind glovebox  The water damaged and corroded all connections and computer .
Installing  a thermostat  on a 95 corolla Toyota
Electronics in cars has only one purpose. To serve as a sandbox playground for enginers and to shorten the lifespan of the product. Skip it all  put on an  AVS2 650 CFM  carburator with manuell choke, electric fuel pump and drive it. Leave the injectors.
The introduction of complete disrespect for service techs at the dealerships, at least it only lasted one year.
Do a motor and transmission swap make it a 4 speed
I think a aftermarket computer set_up would be amazing
You gave it one hell of a shot
It looked to be green
Derek you were stressing me out watching you fumble through the injector rebuild😂😂because you were stressed out. I think you should tear that junk out and put a carbed big block in it and take it to the track.
My dad said at the tank make sure the fuel pressure line isnt on the fuel return.
Thanks GM for those fine autos from the 80’s . Thought me that suicidal thoughts were real
i dont voice my opinion too often even when asked, but even with the headache and world of problems its still such a beautiful car and is begging to be driven. another feller suggested diving into the 8-6-4 system and figuring how it all works and with some luck and goat spit maybe it will come back around. either way the car is gorgeous and i think it should stick around a little while. keep up the awesome work  lord of the vice grips
OMG LOL The Whole Muffler situation had me CRACKING UP!!!!  Reminds me of what my dad told me years ago when I had to replace my transmission.  "Son, you won't be able to get to every bolt and when you think you will, they will be rusted. After you say enough four letter words, the last one will come out, then the fun begins. You will have to lay on your back, tugging, twisting, using a dead blow hammer, you'll find that you'll have to be right under it to get the thing out.  It won't come without a fight and just when you are about to give up, you will swear one last phase and it will land on your chest, compressing all the air out of your lungs and you'll laugh like there is no tomorrow, until it hurts."  Yiiiiipp that's what happened.   Thanks for making me laugh, remembering all the days of working on my cars.
Possible coolant temp sensor?
Needs a coolant temp sensor.  Unplug it and it will run!
A new VGG video comes up and I think " I've seen all his stuff,  I'll skip this one. "  but then you start doing something with a vehicle that i just gotta watch,  oftentimes wish i was there collaborating with you. Your experience has made you unstoppably brave, just dive in head first.  Love it when you get into these smog cars and make them work.   and in Wisconsin you won't find anyone buying scrap cats (or Caddys.. LoL) keep push your limits.
Theres a new invention called a” creeper” …might come in handy in your line work.👍
This has to be the most challenging one yet 😂🤣 I’d have set it fire 🔥 and run away 😂🤣 thanks for the giggles
I’m thinking you switch directions and get yourself some Tenorite
Bleep Bloop
Follow in Finnegan's footsteps. 8 second drag car that can carry your family on drag week
who won the duster?
This engine arraignment is the direct response to a federal government mandating to manufacturers fuel economy standards that they weren’t ready for. Cadillac was guilty of trying to stay in business and satisfy a government policy that ignored what the manufacturer could achieve… Sound familiar? Can you spell EV?
Loved this! What a journey
probably easier to remove front suspension to get to the plugs
I like how you were cracking up the camera man 😅😂...I chuckled at some of the stuff too. Love these videos!
I don't understand how this fella can come into a o'reillies garage, with everything free and right there, and not even wear PPE. I also wonder why the guy didn't go through the whole list of parts they had and get like one of everything and if he don't need it, have it refunded. The guy also should have a whiteboard, and keep track of retail parts cost on this. As well as time. The mans didn't look at an instruction manual once. Maybe the guy could get an assistant. He is getting old though, so less likely to do the right thing. They could read him the instructions, run and get the parts, maybe that is already happening IDK< but to give the impression this guy isn't using help and just skipping steps is kinda cringe. 2.2 mil views and people thinking this is the way to do things is rough. Losing hearing, ingesting metals, breathing in cancer dust, and hot metal in the eye. Maybe the guy has an excuse out on the side of a road but this is just bad, especially considering he has a whole garage there.  This Caddy wasn't worth any of of those bodily compromises.
Replace injectors and it will run right if the ecu is working properly .
You needed to hook a scan tool up to the aldl and read your datastream
Hey after having to cut off most of muffler and pipes, why they cut off the gas can.
In my time I’ve had 3 Cadillacs. An 89 triple blue Fleetwood with the 307, an 88 triple black Fleetwood with the 307, and an 06 cts with the the 2.8. They all had the same things in common, total money pits and the wiring was a nightmare in all 3. At one point in time I loved Cadillacs, but I’ve had nothing but horrible experiences with them. Makes me wish I had bought Lincoln’s instead.
Do not quit on this.  Never ever let the machines win!  You let one win the others will walk all over you.  This was a great great video and bring on Pt. II please!
Got to love the old Cadillac electronics.
Tbi injection kit it is very simple to put in easier than rebuilding a carburetor
"This thing's whiter than a Celine Dion concert."  😆
That car is awesome.
man watching all of your videos makes me glad i own a 99 toyota. SO easy to work on
Derick mate u have this and u are amazing every time I watch u hope. One day hope to meet u as I think u are an amazing person and funny as fuck hope the new year brings u amazing things to fix thanks for being great
I may be mistaken… but I’m pretty sure you’re in Springtown MO! We have a main hub and also a rib crib! That’s pretty cool! Too bad you didn’t have a “sign my beater” event! 😂
Im late on the ball, but if the o2 sensor is to close to the open/cut off exhuast it will read lean.
I dont know why all hate that Engine, runs smooth like an Clock ...... after you crushed the Clock with the NH 400 Hammer :D
I hate just throwing parts at a car but the whole 864 system is probably hopeless. Even if you can get it going with some new sensors I doubt it'll be for long. I'm sure there's a way to put some normal heads/valvetrain, intake, HEI, etc onto that block.
2:03:08 That Smile when this happened haha.
Back window Louvas , Duck Tail spoiler roof scop ,frunt spliter, d Back Defuser  Rain break light .
This is one of the most painful VGG episodes I've ever seen, rig is just fighting a feller' so damn hard.
You win some you loose some 😂❤
As long as I been watching you I can say this Cadillac beat the shit out of you… 😂😂😂 break drum was like I’m outa here I’ll meet you home
as soon as you knew its a problem... rip off the intake and sensors..  replace with  new edelbroke and carb... plumb it and go
I would like to see you decomputerize that vehicle, like I've been working on doing to my 1998 Suburban.
new video style i don’t mind it but it’s kinda like the old school tv shows lolol cheers
Do an injection swap other than the ones recommended by Caddy.
I like watching this the guy's as mad as I am. I remember in my younger years all the rattle traps I kept out of the scrap yard.  Mind you, I reckon that they would have been far better off in there.
This was a Derek test.
Fix it lol
I think you should just take the new parts off and dump that POS. It was junk in 1981, its still junk. Just older.
You are going to gas yourself - the shop is full of exhaustage.
You didn't close the glovage box!
Jack up the radiator cap and slide under a new car.  That's my advice.
Give a shout out to Watch Wes Work, he'll draw a schematic, make a few adjustments, probably replace a diode or two and Voila! Factory rebuilt computer and drive train!
The amount of times I’ve seen Derek laugh in the face of lung cancer and invites more deafness is disquieting
Derek: I'm just gonna work on TBI cars from now on....  Pretty sweet....  Heh heh heh heh heh!!!!  You can't win 'em all....  You can't.  Those things were hard to fix when new....
The green connector next to the throttle body is used to set the TPS voltage to .5v at closed throttle.  When you replace the TPS you use a volt meter to set it.  If it is other then .5v at closed throttle the engine will run rough and stall.  Also, the stepper motor is non-adjustable.  I would replace it.  Once someone turns the threaded screw it is hard to get it back calibrated.  I worked as a tech at Cadillac back in these days.
'Mornin' VGG!  I had a '93 Seville for just about 4 years and I put 3, that's THREE!!! Puters in that... THING and then I junked her for $1,400.00 through a California state smog program and I Was Never So Grateful for ANY state program ever before but that's the best Cadillac deal I EVER made, I tell you. And I had done the injectors, fuel pump, pressure reg., mass air flow, almost anything to Not replace another computer, but it was Always the dang computer throwing all these codes, EXCEPT the "I am dead" code.  By the way, I was laughing so hard when that drum took off for Florida and Crashed into that cart, knockin' stuff over, that I was stamping my foot on the floor 'cause I couldn't Breathe from Laughin' so hard.  And Mr. Straight Face himself was laughin' too!  I don't think I've ever seen you break character and belly laugh. It was a great moment I tell ya. LOL Still!  FORGET IT! That's my opinion.  Also, if you remove the dash pad you might find a giant "Thing" in there along with a 1/4 mile of brake tubing for the Antilock Brake System. Not sure if the '81 is included, but it's in the '80s and the one's where you read the codes from the Air Conditioning control panels.  Later you could read in english from the gauge cluster, sorta.  But it still would not admit when it was brain dead!
Pro Tip, and i am really honest about that: Wear ear protections during works like 35:00 .... This is way too loud for our ears.
You said that the throttle position sensor was bad i didn't see you replace it. If it is bad then that could be causing all of the issues you keep saying the computer is acting up again and then you reset it by disconnecting the battery. Well you are only repeating yourself. it keeps doing the same thing and it is probably taking the same amount of time before it's doing it again. Concentrate Derrick you must be worn out and need some rest.
I hate to break it to him but I’m sure he learned quickly that motor was one of GM’s biggest pieces of crap they’ve ever put out
Time to drop a 500 caddy engine in there with dual quads... Or maybe an 8.1l vortec?
The muffler had me on the floor laughing my ass off!
Junk it
You should gut the d*m thing and install the easiest to operate and repair engine possible just out of spite, refuse to play Cadillac's game.
lol the corn tik Tok song
what did he say while wrestling the muffler?
Pro muffle remover. Nope
Could be the injectors are stuck wide open. With the O2 sensor indicating it running rich, I would replace the injectors. Especially cause you had to use a screwdriver to depress it. Injectors should be spring loaded with a return spring under the plunger, so if it didnt spring back. That's my guess. That would also explain the dripping with the pump off.
Awesome as always! Too bad it didn't drive home but a carb swap or even Holley fuel injection swap would be a promising fix I would think. Keep doing what you are doing and stay safe!
This needs to stay EFI for this history and lineage of this car. However, times have vastly changed and technology has vastly improved. Really hoping you can do a collaboration with @holley and get this thing running on a Terminator system and running right! Would be cool as hell to see, and then what could you get out of it performance wise? I'd love to see this thing go do an autocross.. cause why not? Wrong car for the right thing.
Best Episode Ever!!  Made all of us feel better😅😅 Thank you!!! Love to see more of it.  BTW The wire wheels are Olds 88 or 98. Bet you know that already.
Could you just put a carb on it?
Met your match with the"standard of the world"
Car needs a computer !!!! PERIOD…….
Great video as always. The ads were insane, worse than TV.
THEY WERE THE WORST ENGINES
Man, those caveman injection systems are the things of nightmares
Love how you got the cameraman to chuckle. 🤣
It probably just needs new body grounds. Especially one to every single system that runs the rig. Js
Fuel gauge wasn't working because one of the wires came off the tank before you lifted it up. I was hoping you noticed, but you didn't.
my favourite part is when you're cutting the exhaust out, getting sparks in the eyes... but there was a pair of goggles in the box when you grabbed the box of parts hahahaha. LEGEND.
Derek: I am sorry this POS would not run. In 1981 I worked in a Cadillac dealer. The district service manager said in a meeting one day that every time the engine would jerk and drop from 8 to 6 to 4 cylinders, he would say, “good gas mileage, good gas mileage!” I personally gave up on a 2005 Ford Focus one time after chasing too many problems. I just could not put my daughter and baby granddaughter in that car with all of the smoke coming from the engine. Sometimes you have to stop the bleeding and give up! Love your videos!
A Cadillac sitting on blocks, Brothers can relate 😅😅😅😅😅
2:02:00 Oldsmobile hubcaps
Please use respiration filter and eye protectors when working under the car.  It is not good for your health to work like this.
Disappointed the car wasn't driving by the end of the video
1:18.  I just noticed the sound deadened stuff under the hood is the same stuff that was in the muffler….😮
Hey man love the channel.  Was it a joke when you said oil doesn’t go bad just from sitting?   Pretty sure age degrades oil quality as much as actually driving does.
Derek put a caddy LS in it lower it tint the windows put wires on it make it a sweet low rider at the very least a caddy LS with the LS caddy badges but I’d lower it LS Escalade swap it and find at least the caddy wire rims an tint the windows but that’s me man
the setting and camera work really lost the spirit of vgg.  It was too clean, to quiet, angles were too nice...all too professional.  It lost the true spirit of what makes VGG enjoyable to watch.
lmfao!   face shield?
You definitely have a lot more patience than I. Hat's off to you Sir.
i know guy at bar has one he drives its every day . he just had another engine   in it he had every thang changed
Man I hate to see you struggle, but seeing you handle it without screaming more than once is amazing. I don't think I'd have put the fire out there at the end...Thanks for the video, always enjoy watching!
Those electrical gremlins are worse than a mid 80's Volvo!
Good video, That Caddy  was a tough one. You have more patience than  me. Your diagnosis of Gremlins was correct. When that muffler  was fighting back I thought it was pretty funny. But when that brake drum made a run for it  OMG!
Tow that damn pos to the junk yard. Also looks terrible with those oldsmobile hubcaps.
Great episode as always. Man that era of automotive yuck mess was horrible. At least 15 yrs of forgetful times
I feel for you, I had a knot in my stomach the whole video..lol Old EFI is just a nightmare. It's beautiful car, I'd definitely love to have it. I'd likely engine swap it, there is no way I'd try fighting with a 1 year only engine that has fought that much just to run.
I’d love to see a carburetor on this puppy
Such perseverance :)
200.00 bucks canadian plus the tires
One wire to the pedal clipped and no more 864
I thought it most likely the phase converter on the thermocoupler affecting the left ear and the right ear meaning it is going to be difficult reading the final front ear, have you asked Spok what he thinks
Also=Remember+ Every A-C Delco replacement Sensor/Switch/Etc. has about an 85-90% of working correctly/being a good part===Every aftermarket part has about a 20% chance of being better than the part that you took off==Use ONLY A-C Delco sensor+parts===That aftermarket O2 sensor that you replaced could also cause a full rich condition on it's own????..Bill.
Without a scan tool of some kind (I used the Tech2 for MANY years), you are just spinning your wheels. You NEED to know what are the primary. codes that are set.?? You will get the valve sol. codes since they are disconnected -disregard those for now. My first, and not ever mentioned in the video would be coolant sensor, and MAP sensor readings. An open sensor output on either of these sensor streams will make the TBI go full rich..??? Again without access to scan data you are just "Spinning your Wheels" This info is worth what you paid for it, but comes from a retired (40+ years) GM Master Tech. Best to you...Bill.
Do the carb swap. Show us how it’s done!!
LS swap the CaDDy
Nope junk it - rebuild a 56 corvette instead
Please Carb Swap it, Bring that V* back to Life its to nice of a car!
Testing the petrol pump near the open petrol tank is asking for an explosion.. old evaporated fuel is not an excuse for bad practices, a stupid will watch this and do a test like that with new petrol in the tank, then one spark and boom!..... 22:49
Fi tech or holley
The electrolytic capacitors go bad in the ECUs and leak. It eats the traces on the PCB and destroys it.
And this is exactly why I hate new cars. We’ve almost come full circle. Those old girls you didn’t mind swapping everything and having an awesome buggy. When you pay 80 grand and then a headlight gets bumped so it has wrong resistance and won’t shift anymore or send the right signal to the mothership and then the cops show up.🤦🏼‍♂️
That brake drum making a run for it. 😂 Really though, the V8-6-4 engine was really cool from a technological standpoint. It's something that many engines use these days, but back then, the electronics just weren't up to the task. These were the days where they were barely getting EFI figured out!
Carb swap because you know, it's possessed.😂
😂Baahaha, RIPall that shit out ..::.. old skool it! Beautiful car 2:20:58
Would love to see a fella de-emission-ify that going to town rig. Strip all the bleep bloops off and simplify the whole thing.
Oh my God this chapter just hurted my belly of that much laughter is er ish er... the camera man had mad skills to hold up seeing this man getting obliterated and the joke about it. Gheeez!
I keep waiting for him to make a joke about that red van go-kart. I know he's gonna say something hilarious... 👀
Hey Derek, I think a carb swap would be awesome. I had an 83 Fleetwood Brougham that looked identical to this car except it had a cream leather interior and the 4100 V8. Was my first car so this episode was pretty nostalgic. Keep up the good work 👍
You have the patience of a Saint.  Take that heap to Demolition Ranch.😊
1:05:04 😂😂😂😂You make working on cars fun…
take that engine, and pull it and convert it back to a regular engine.
My 2011 Honda Accord broke down on the side of the road a couple weeks ago.  The shop I took it to said it has no compression and it needs a new motor.  How do you bring these old cars that look like all rust back to life?
Guaranteed some dealers would deactivate the 4-6-8 system.  Had a buddy who was an apprentice at a GM dealer at the time.
The flying drum brake hahahah oh my gosh 🤣🤣🤣
Carb swap it.
If it has an oxygen sensor, the missing cat will cause air to cycle back in and make it think it is running really lean - then it will dump in a lot of fuel to even out the AFR.  That or your injectors have failed open, perhaps with some grit stuck in them.
1:58:10 I Wonder since the alt wasn't charging the Ecu wasn't getting enough voltage to run the engine correctly.
Oldsmobile headcaps
Man Derrick. I don't remember if I have ever seen you fight that hard on a will it run. Would you be reviving anymore Crapalacs that year in the future.
Please don't give up on her!! I had a 1981 Fleetwood Brougham D'Elegance coupe with the 6.0 when i was in high school. I'd kill to have her back!
Ooookay. I’m here on referral from “Rare Classic Cars & Automotive History”.  I’ve watched this whole thing and his dry wit is massively entertaining.  BUT, as a Malaise Era Cadillac guy, the 1 hour and 35 min mark was a cackle NOT meant by his commentary.  “Why is this computer giving this thing so much juice?”   😂
I think a LS swap would be cool on this car.  The body is still good and the interior looks pretty good for its age.
Find the nearest toilet and flush that turd.
100% it needs to happen
I love you buddy this is the first video where I've been screaming that I know what's wrong. I worked on quite a few tbi's they're a pain in the butt but you put the injectors in wrong they're leaking that's why it only Idols correct when it's idling high
Pull the engine and replace with an LS 5.3.😂
Welcome to mufflerGeddon!
It’s great that companies are supporting you Derek ….. we ALL want to see more videos
Vice Grip Garage. Absolutely the best of you tube -
Bad Luck  to have got hold of that Cadillac,GM were premature in releasing the vehicle to be marketed before all the bugs were out of the system. I think personally I would have done as you suggested Junk the electronics and fit a four barrel carb! good luck with getting it home!
I had a 1982 Cadillac Eldorado w/4100 engine..Absolutely Beautiful car!! Motor Junk!! So I switched to Lincoln Town Cars!! Had 13 of em!! Absolutely Love Lincoln but hate Ford!! Lol
Derek and the wires Vs The Mice is an epic battle that has been waged for all of history.
Carb swap it Dekic
Who needs Motortrend when we've got great content like this?
My parents bought a used 83 Fleetwood Brougham in 88. It had the even worse 4100 V8. In 90 my dad took the car to a local shop for some engine work because it wasn't running as smooth. The shop told him straight away there was nothing they could do and to just drive the car until it wouldn't go anymore. The car was parked on the side of the house. In 93, I killed my first car (84 civic hatchback) within a month. My parents talked it over and just decided, what the hell, just give em the caddy. I would drive it for a further two years hauling friends all over and it was great.
Carb swap or EFI kit would be neat to see.
Please get rid of that car. It’s a pimple on the butt of the automotive world
I've had a few old Ford trucks do this to me in the past, was the coolant temp sensor feeding them like a -44 degree temperature or some crap, so the computers just dumped fuel tryin to warm them up. New sensor cured that right up.   Could do a little digging and see what TPS voltage is supposed to be at idle and make sure it's there if you're worried about it
Holy mother of all cars ! This thing was possessed ! I can’t believe the patience you had with this thing . I would have sit this car on fire 🔥, oh wait you did ! 😂 .  But I believe resetting the computer with the sad cable was a great indicator that the computer was bad . That’s the next thing you could try and find . And check that fuel pressure as well . Loved the video ! Way to hang in there , I know it was frustrating!
Ah yes... you pulled out that injector solenoid, im sitting here thinking about riello oil burners... the valve stems like to get sticky, and they kinda jam about halfway open and the fuel pressure gets all wonky and it won't fire right. So pop off the coil, pull the valve stem and give 'er the old shake/thwap a few times, then she starts clicking when you shake it, jam 'er back in and away you go.   It probably won't burn the house down... it'll be fine. Nope. Riello fuel pumps are trash. It's gonna bugger up again, and even if you put a new one on, it'll probably be bad out of the box.  Thanks carrier for buying riello.
Shoulda told a guy you were in Springfield you could got a hand
Would have been easier to rip that old junk engine out and drop in a LS.
"Boy, it's not waiting to fire!" How many Cadillac  8,6,4  mechanics have uttered those words? Lol
There are guys in Houston who can remove that Cat in 30 seconds or less! Lol
My dad's friend had one and called it his 3/5/7 Cadillac instead of the 4/6/8.
Try unplugging the temperature sensor
You have entered the nightmare of cars. Been there done that pain in the butt good luck. Sometimes it is just better to let someone else have the problem.
I wish you would have put you a TPS stepper motor on that about 15 minutes after it started doing that s***
Get rid of all that crap on it  go old school. Awesome ride then
figure out how much money you have in the car, buy that much Tannerite. load the Tannerite under the car. BOOM! Problem fixed, priceless
Binary explosives are a good choice... ORRR, Carb  conversion... Binary is faster.
WHAT's the UPDATE ?!  What fixed this POS?
I maybe wrong but I think the reason it runs better with the injectors unplugged could be that the injectors might be fitted wrong. At 51.30 he fitted the injector seal into the TB as it appears it should be fitted. After not being able to assemble the TB after fitting the injectors at 52.15 he removes this seal from the TB and fits it direct to the injector, then hammers the injector in so he can fit the top again. If the injector seal doesnt seal, fuel pump pressure will cause fuel to leak past the injecter - so will run but not right. Then when the injector plug is connected its running super super rich, wont fire, and fills the motor with fuel
Nothing quite like eating a pizza and watching vice grip garage videos. Love it!
I had a Ford Escort with that seat belt feature. I actually liked it. Keot me from a lot of tickets from forgetting to put it on like my car before.
Yes ya live where there is no smog? Then caddie 500 n holly 600! A Chevy small block would use mass gas for the moving o the weight o that barge. The 500 would not even be working to push it.
You don't have a future as a catalytic converter thief
Bleep Bloop in the comments
Junkbox
Third rule of being a Dad. check
This car really just needs all those old electronic systems torn out and a small block swapped in. That would fix all the problems.
1:04:00 whats that guy doing in ny garage 🤔
It has such low mileage because it's a...POC.....it never had a chance of making 100.000 miles....... nice car bad engine....
Love the fact you can hear the camera guy quietly tittering at 52:12, he knew exactly what Derek was talking about lol.
Derek, I really would like to find out what is wrong with this car. It's really bothering me now. I'd love to see you get to the bottom of it! After that, I still don't think a carburetor swap is at all inappropriate Haha.
Great video from my city of Springfield Missouri, hope you enjoyed your stay and time at O'Reilly's headquarters.  I really enjoy watching your videos and the many laughs that come from watching you. I just found myself using a Derekism the other day when I made a boo boo and was like "I'll pretend that didn't just happen" and "We'll pretend we didn't see that".  Keep up the great videos!
Eric O of Sputh Main Auto. I watch his channel  as well. I think he could help. God bless ypu.
One thing people forget is that 368 ci engine is a short stroke small bore version of the old 500 motor. So a 500 caddy would swap right in
Enjoy watching your vids.  I jumped on here to say those 8/6/4 engines were new when I was driving....and I was eager to tell you we had ours disconnected keeping it operating as an 8 cylinder.....then I read some of the other comments from ppl much more knowledgeable than I.  I read several qualified responses.  Good luck on this, you do good work!
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂  I can’t stop laughing
The 468 functionality on a 368 is enabled via 3rd gear. Snipping the wire to the trans for the 3rd gear sensor or putting a switch in between to enable and disable as you please is what we used to do. Disconnecting the solenoids accomplishes the same thing, as well. The 468 functionality has no effect on Check Engine light or emissions, for that matter, which is ironic. If it was our own vehicle, we'd simply swap the rocker trusses, throw on 472 valve covers and be done with it. Looked and ran much better. 368 was bullet proof after that besides TPS and MAP sensors going bad from time to time.
I have never watched a 2 hour YouTube video until this guy... I really enjoyed it and was hoping to see u drive it home...A for effort
Put a carb on it and it will live again
Derek : In my experience as a restoration tech , in most all the fields of endeavor of restoration This specie of Cadillac and the Le Car were the two bastard cars of the millennia!!! Wile working for a friend of mine’s restoration shop his mother in law sent her former husbands 81 Cadillac TBI 6.0L , the Car And I use that name loosely! Was only a few years old, but in the same running condition as the one you have! “Not” running condition!! Possibly the worst automobile I’ve ever attempted to revive!!! Unfortunately the engine configuration, TBI, & computers were not tested enough! To go to the public! For sale , a very bad decision on Cadillacs part! As it’s hard to come back from big glitches like that!  I mentioned the Le Car because as a Body Man and mechanic the Le Car was designed unsymmetrical very hard to get square measurements when re aligning core supports, fenders etc. very frustrating, As is working on a 81 Cadillac TBI 6.0L with a Computer incapable of managing the engine properly or more than a month or two, these cars were inoperable dam near off the show room floor! It was an interesting episode especially with your style of humor! As always keep up the good work , oh by the way we were in Tennessee when that Tornado dropped in in Clarksville, just missed us by a block! Our sincere condolences to those that lost loved ones, and property! We lost power for almost a week! Also kudos to all those local first responders, and out of state , & other county responders for their diligence and fast response! We are now back in the land of freezing Ass cold , Colorado! ❄🥶🌨⛄………. Regards Mad Mike S.
Nice to see a guy get his ass kicked by a true pile of snot once in a while!  I'm a GM guy but even I will run screaming into the bushes from one of those.
Carb swap and new exhaust lol😂😂😂
No carb swap leave this on the side of the road
Worked at a dealer in 1981 when these were new. Disabled the V8/6/4 stuff and they ran great. Most if not all of the caddy's that were sold at that dealership were disabled. The basic engine, I believe a 368 Cu In V8, was a solid engine.
Computer
I laughed really hard at times during this even though I felt bad for you Derek. You have a lot of determination
It is sooo much fun to watch you. :D
I was the service manager at  an Olds Cadillac dealer when these turds came out. I quit and went to work for a Chevy dealer. Only to find the iconic diesel Chevette. 0-60 in n hour and AC was not available due to the 25 horsepower rating. Fun days they were haha!!!!!!!!!!!!
Who remembers "Myth Busters"? Wasn't their Cadillac "Earl" a Fleetwood, too?  That brake drum was like: "F*** this sh!t I'm out!"
thats one way to do it
we dont need no stinking safety glasses
Here I am thinking I am the only member of the Bend'em Back and Forth Exhaust Removal Club.
My back is hurting
Aw aw for crying in the mud, my bags hurting just watching you how do you do it I don't know I don't
It's the pickup coil in distributor that controls injectors
I think you are right that thing is haunted
...that car may F innish you off mentally...you could end up in the nut house with my ex wife....
Was your boy filming that? If so he did a great job!
I can smell this video
Watching the muffler removal was painful.
I think these cadillacs would be so happy with a LS swap of any kind , it just seems perfect for the cars if only they had came with them back in there time, people would have so much good to say about them and probably woulda never gotten rid of them when they did, im looking for one now with a LS swap already done to keep for a while ...
Thanks for sharing this nightmare
The muffler bearings are bad and the canooter valve sounds horrible
Kinda surprised a feller didn’t put a Quadra Jet on it
Pull all that crap and put a Holley Sniper setup in her.
"I juuust CAN'T BELIEVEEEE THIISS" haha
I worked for a Caddy dealership when these cars were new . I believe that one issue was the PROM in the computer . A/c Delco in the early years were not so good . Like the radios we were constantly pulling them out for repairs . It is a bit tricky to adjust the tps also. Just take that engine out and put some old school engine in it. If You think that engine was bad the 4100 was terrible . If You can find a old Northstar buy it .
I’ve watched this one in 30min increments. I’m on the finale now. I must say, listening to that thing run strong felt soooo refreshing.
Well when it runs it sounds good  it wins the brake drum toss , people No camera men were hurt during the making of the video I hope
That Cadillac has one of those V-8 V6 V4, V2 V0 engines,lol
Listening to the motor run made me grin, boy was that ROUGH!!!!
Ls or 8.1 swap
I thought norstar  was there bad engine  this seems way worse
Well, we can tell who doesn't support his channel by liberating kitty verters. 🤣
Demo derby
👍👍
I was think that it was the throttle position sensor.
The agony of defeat!
I am guessing the people who designed that system all went to work on making German cars impossible/expensive to diagnose and repair.
2:14:24 Damm Derek , am watching you going though this , scratching my head , your knowledge paying off , amazed me , you put the capital M in mechanic. NOW WE KNOW WHY THEY ONLY MADE 4,6,8 one year LOL.... You have the patience of a saint !!!!!!!!!!!! Much respect  Joe USN 75
That sneeze at 34:34 was on par with my grandpa! Made my speaker crackle
It’s concerning how much joy I get from watching Derek suffer…..
"whiter than a Celine Dion concert"    I'm stealing that one.
Im from Springfield MO! sucks I missed ya!
What a fun car!😂. Good stuff!
Happy holidays to you and your family
I wonder if this was the car from Matilda that Ms. Trunchbull kept having problems with lol. Just looked, it’s not
I think the ECM is bad 😢
Put a carburetor on it!
wouldnt it have an 02 sensor to calibrate the engine for v4/v6/v8?
That’s a beautiful car. My favorite color combo.
is there a handy cliff you can push it off? 80's gm... ugh
I wonder if an aftermarket efi and computer would work?
Dang it would be nice to get it out on the road it's a nice car but it has seen better days hopefully you can get it done soon
when they take the fuel tank off, usually means fuel issues.   probly bad tank which makes the carb bad as well.   check the fuel filter.
Hats off to your for trying, but this challenge was beyond hope from the beginning.  Do NOT spend another minute trying to restore it to V8-6-4.  If a team of GM engineers couldn't make it work, you shouldn't waste your time.  The only thing worse was the 350 V8 they attempted to turn into a diesel.
you should still take it to cadillac and see if they will honor the warranty?  STILL
Jesus derek you nearly threw my back out sneezing like that god dang
Those cats had a plug on the bottom like a freeze plug pop it off and she will breath
So much for the nice original paint. Putting the gas tank together on the trunk took care of that. Funny huh?
468 we tossed so many of them engines
Change it out to a regular  carb
Great video Derek sorry you couldn't drive it home but I am sure we have not seen the last of this car you don't give up so easily and I know you can crack it. Cheers and have a great Christmas from the UK (England actually)
engine is a piece of junk
The first thing the pcm looks at in any fuel injection system is the coolant temp sensor. The computer tells it how much fuel it needs going off engine temp at start. The last thing it looks at is the 02's. I'll bet anything it has a bad coolant temp sensor.
@1:02:53   I can't take it  anymore, Derek is one of  Top 10 funniest people on YouTube today and #1 funniest mechanic in the whole wide world period.
Sir u make me want to go out and start all my cars and let them run, good videos 😂😂😂😂😂
I like your previous videos better.   Not a fan of the moving camera.  Your content is fantastic.  Not a fan of the moving camera on this episode.  Still a big fan.   Keep up with the good work!!!
If it was me I would have had to at least hook up the one injector and drive it out of the garage, even if no farther, just on general principle.
LS SWAP IT.  HOLLEY TERMINATOR .   problem solved   hell any motor swap is better than whats in it.
Great effort, Derek.
LS SWAP !
Derek,,I have a beautiful 2013 challenger v6 ripp supercharged you should buy and do a video..supercharger is new,,less than 400 miles,,car has 96k miles..I'll give you a great deal😋
I think the injectors are holding open. Maybe dirt on them or damaged seats from the screwdriver.
2.03:12 is among the watching highlights, ever.
The amount of space under that hood, and every single square inch is crammed with stuff.
I would love to own this car!!!!
This is the reason I say that you will not find today's cars being restored like we do the good old classics from 1900 to the maybe late seventies. The only way a person could do it would be to remove ALL of the electronics and drive train, and replace it all with non computer controlled engine and tranny. Miles of wiring and sensors and switches and won't stand the age of years and of course all the damage that even 1 tiny little mouse can cause.
Biggest piece of junk engine ever made
I nearly peed my pants when the rear brake drum came off...
I have worked on a many vehicles I would not even open the hood on that one
I believe it's called active fuel management it was junk back in that day and I started making them again and it's still junk the only way to get away from the problem replace the lifters and the cam and all that
Had a 1979 el dorado.  Fuel injected.  Daily drove it for a while really risked it for the biscuit.  What a nightmare of a set up.
I took apart a TBI unit, and on trying to start it flooded the engine with fuel. The engine hydro-locked, so I took out the plugs and turned over the engine. The ejected petrol was ignited by a stray HT lead and the whole engine bay went up in a large fireball. My kids asked me to do it again as they didn't all see it... Ahem. 😮
Even the parts cannon couldn't get this one going.😞
Another horrific pile of GM junk. How they are still in business has to be a mystery.
Take the valve covers off put regular valve covers on it and get rid of that six 4 crap because it never works
Those 368 cu in engines are a derivative of the reliable 472 V8 introduced in 1968. Its not the engine's fault. Poor electronics development was the issue...
Ls swap that beauty and make her a going to town rig
I was always told to leave 1981 and 1982 Caddy's alone. So I did and this video enforces why.🤣
What to do, what to do... How about.. 5 gal of gas ( too much??  Perfect..) somewhere way off the beaten path, and a match..😊
Maybe the computer wants a fresh alternator in there so it has the full electricity
My guess at this point of Adventure at 1 hour 23 minutes 13 seconds is that a component on the front of the motor is locked up and the belt can't rotate and it's dragging the battery way down just a guess
I know what you can do. Pull that piece of crap motor out of there and put a LS  in there
These revive and drive have brought the difficulty level just a little bit higher by only being able to stop at O'Reilly's
Just the right amount of Cam lobe
When I bought my 87 Grand National it had two leaky injectors but you couldn't even barely see him there just seeping a little bit of fuel. But I took them out this guy in Los Angeles put him under ultraviolet light if I remember right, any even balancing and Blueprinting your injectors for you
Well....   It ended exactly how i thought it would.   Great effort Derek. In the end, you just didn't have enough lipstick for that pig.
Carb swap 100%
These guys' angles are weird.  Kinda cool you have access to the warehouse of everything for this car
I was told by my teacher that those (I beleive those engines anyways) had people almost crashing or crashing because switching from 4 to 8 was to sudden and it would launch the car into the vehicle in front of it. Yet, have a grain of salt that this is not my story and it could be a different engine entirely
The 8-6-4 system was definitely not ready when Cadillac rolled it out. I used to work in a Cadillac's only wrecking yard, and if I remember right this engine is just a downsized version of the 472 engines in your 1969 and 1970 DeVille's. The same basic engine went from 472, up to 500, down to 425 and finally had it's last go as a 368. I think a swap with the engine from your 1969 would be cool and fairly easy :)
Cadillac invented cylinder deactivation decades before anyone else. My parents had one. It was reliable but not at all fast.
Give it Paul at fab rats, he can slap a LS in it and derby it!!
How about a Holey EFI and cleanup under the hood. That wil make it usable!
My first car was a 1988 Grand Marquis that my Grandmother handed down. She lived in the city and never drove it. I went to pick it up and jumped in it noticing it looked almost new. 45,000KM on the clock. This was in the early 2000's. That ol car went through 2 kids and is still rolling around town to this day with well over 300 on it. As much as people knocked those old cars for being "Old People" cars, they were bullet proof and like driving The Big Comfy Couch around lol. Miss it for sure. And they are getting hard to find now in decent condition.
This is just one of those cars that you yank your CDs and sound system then push it off a cliff
theres not enough efi resurrections on yt.. id love to see you try or at least if not i think it would be a great vid to let someone else to try on yt and post the video..
The car is too far gone. I can not imagine excorcising that burdensome beast's demons. Someone before you attempted to delete and or bypass computer controlled devices. Take the loss. It was entertaining as they all are. Your tenacity and patience with overcoming attitude is a tribute to who you are and why I am a VGG fan. Admiration of your caliber is rare.
Absolutely love your videos, keep em coming.  But you gotta wear your eye protector thingies!
What did you do with this Cadillac?
I was in tears when he was trying to rip the muffler off
I think an LS swap is a good option for this car
I'm so impressed with your composure. I would of rolled that thing into a ditch and left it to become a habitat for woodland creatures. your videos always bring a smile to my face. Tho I don't think anyone at O'Reilly's would feels the same given there now state of there once prestine shop 😂
I had one......walk away
Considering they were already having trouble with 4 month old units, I wasnt holding out much hope for a 40 year old one.  Id like to see it replaced with a carb. See just how many wires you can remove and still make it run.
Call tow truck and Hall that thing to a scrapyard.
LS swap...
I always learn something watching this channel, today's lesson....never buy an '81 Coup Deville. There's nothing under that hood I have any business working on.
Took me about an hour to realize that by "Fuel Injection" you meant "throttle body fuel injection" ie not real fuel injection.
So Derek, what what I know is that the signals from all of the sensors are very small in electrical magnitude if you want and the connector at the computer unit is probably dirty.. so what you might try is cleaning them with eraser on a pencil I'm plugging it back in . Really enjoy all of your videos and thanks a lot
Thank you for the good laughs I honestly haven't laughed and a long time because of Life circumstance. Not making fun of you the drum flying off going out the door you're a good mechanic you know what you're talking about it's just funny thank you
As much as I like to rag on TBI, this is probably more reliable than mechanical injection.
Videos like this let me know that I’m not an idiot. I’m always wondering why I have such a hard time with my projects.
10:05 LMAO!!  I'm lmao because I know exactly how that feels!
Seems like a perfekt fit for Derek. A factory car that randomly jumps from running  4 to 8 cylinders. Perfectly normal.   Enjoyed this episode very much!
Did I hear a yeah toast reference?
dont carb swap it . I think it would be a good exercise to get it working as intended since SO many of these got disabled
efi v8-6-4  yep turned out how i expected
Great episode as always Derek! I am a pinstriper in NC, and if you ever want any of your card at rusty acres pinstriped I'd love to make the drive and do some work for you! Have a great day!
I like the fact you had some silent person holding the camera for this video so you could tell them what to look at instead of you having to move the camera all of the time.
Awesome video, Derek. I appreciate the effort, sir. I've owned a few of these older Cadillacs, usually late 70s they all ran great to me. Of course, they were all carbureted always heard nightmares about that 81. Now I understand why. That would be a great candidate for an LS swap it's actually a nice old Cadillac.
If you keep this long enough to name it, I'm thinking Badillac or Sadillac. You gave it one hell of a shot either way!
Noooo...I can't believe the car beat you...I'm just gonna pretend I didn't see that!!!!!!
Coolant temp sensor read high resistance it goes to full fuel
They only ran at 6 to 8 psi
The corroded CTS harness definitely can be an issue.
My Dad had the corrola with elect seatbelts. Closelined me everytime
Just found your channel and I am glad i started with this episode...amazing!  Keep em coming, looking forward to seeing if you got this bad boy up and running
When started to have a look at the fuel injection unit. I was wondering if he could put a Holley Carburetor on it. Seeing he is having problems again. Try putting a Holley Carburetor
Oh well. Duramax
I breathed in enough fumes *just by watching this video* to kill a few million perfectly healthy brain cells… it was totally worth it.
Engine swap it, its a pretty clean car.
Put a carb on it!
Speaking as an engineer - this thing is a piece of junk!  Rip out all that  stupid stuff, stick an LS in it.  Then sell it to someone who likes to cruise around in a caddie.  Or, push it off a cliff.
carb it
Typical GM quality, and it hasn't really changed much.
pb blaster, bust your nuts, not your knuckles
Having someone else to blame for shots and sound issues is a nice touch!
I knew something was wrong with that car when there was nothing in the glovebox.
Bill nye can go fh-s
Carb swap if nothing more than to just get it to run and drive a little.
Its a nice rig! Jank that whole engine out with all its electrical spaghetti and put something more...conventional... in it. Then take that old engine and make a fire out of it
This is the first video I’ve watched of probably 100 that the car won. Impressive record.
omg...yes I am aided with a certain three-letter substance, but I have not been able to stop laughing over the "...it's in my soul..." line. Haven't had a good belly laugh in a LLOooooooo-ooong time. TY so much for that. I really needed it. I hope you're ok...and wear a mask more often for your own physical well-being, but don't for my own belly-laughs...Omg...I need a ciggie...xoxoxo. Be well...
Absolutely keep going on this! I'm really enjoying this project and I'd love to see it get a mechanical restoration.
I love those 80’s Coupe DeVille’s. I used own two back when I was in my 20’s. Both I built in lowriders with hydraulics😎😎
It's episode like this that make me think maybe I shouldn't buy a project car
Enjoy your videos as always Derek. But i got every letter back that i sent in for the duster giveaway. U filled out the address as shown on the website but was unable to forward due to insufficient address.
great true life trying to fix old broken (running when parked) vehicles ,great watch your more patient then me  would ov tracked over it with digger by the 2 end day
Holy crap I watched the whole 2 hours and 20 minutes of it.
I havent laughed like this in awhile. Your wife should get you a sawzall for christmas😂
Ok… I laughed my a$$ off when the drum went flying.
My brother had won them years ago he got there messing up so he just dropped him a regular short block Chevy motor and transmission in it and send her down the road I had it for about 2 years until she got wrecked
I'm all for a carb swap.
You trying to remove the exhaust was too funny. Made my morning.
I think the deadpan humor works even better with the gopro on a tripod, not trying to take anything away from Derek, he did a great job as usually. Even though the production reminds me of a lot of uninspiring scripted car shows and doesn't really add much to the viewing experience for me, it must be so nice not having to be the mechanic, presenter AND the camera man.
I have a 91 Cadillac with throttlebody injection. It was flooding itself. It was the water temperature sensor going to the computer. It thought it was too cold, so it was flooding all trying to start.
Computer says: "I think i'm suposed to something..." 😂 I think i'm gone unplug my type writer 😂
As much as we don't want you to get too frustrated, it sure makes for a funny video!!  That runaway brake drum was epic!!
Watching this episode is a rerun of every time I walk out to the garage to work on a car.  I am sorry but it gave me some satisfaction to see that I’m  not the only one who struggles.
❤so much pain:).    This should be mandatory for every 6th grade school.   Same episode, once a month, for one year.   Nothing…, is better than VVG.
Great body Cummins 4bt swap it and make a great cruzzer lol love your channel keep up the great work
What a mess under that hood😂. This was a really nice car at the time. If only it lasted like the civics and Camrys did
Good candidate for a 12V Cummins! Lol
WOW!!! BEST EPISODE EVER!!! never seen such a piece of garbage car but hey when in doubt if chevy makes junk cars just watch this episode and your doubts will go away lmfao!!!   Put A Carb On It Please will like and share!!!!
Great Video! He is a problem child of the Cadillac I'm curious what will happen next greetings from Germany
This was a good one. Thanks bud
People aren't watching an episode this long unless it's from this channel. 🤠
Watching a guy so annoyed with this car to begin with was funny in of itself, was NOT expecting it to turn to a 2-hour catalytic convertor removal video. He has as much luck as I usually do in this one, means a lot to a guy like myself.
That engine is actually a 1980  425 engine with fuel injection and V-8 6 4 added to it.  You can replace the intake and remove the 864 and install a Quadrajet carb and lower the fuel pressure.
Had one...real nice car with the L05 out of a 94 Sierra TBI swapped in, months and months wasted on the 8-6-4
What a great candidate for a LS based engine and 4l80  With all new tech air con and accessories that can be made so much smaller in that huge engine bay
I love odd ball stuff like this.
The electronics are too sensitive, weak and overly complex.  It was a good try for the time.  But in the end, the components were not fit for automotive application.  It seems like a nice chassis.  But if you want to have fun with it, perhaps watching it being turned into a cube of steel at the crusher would work best?
Eliminate a whole lot of crap, and ls swap it.
I think this is only the second time the car has won? The other the Grand National?
My favorite thing about this entire video. Goes to pour lucas transmission additive in "gonna pour some new clutches in". Absolutely died 🤣
The camera guys laugh at 52:12 made it
Merry Christmas VGG.
Keep your video moving.    It is becoming boring.
Derek, I absolutely love your channel and all of your videos. Watching episodes like this brings me back to when I was 6 or 7 years old watching my uncle build his 1937 Ford coupe in our garage. This was also incredibly funny, it reminds me of my dad when he would be working on his cars in the driveway, I miss him so much and videos like this bring back memories of the good times. I say you should try to fix this up. Heck, I'd pay for a computer myself for you to change it out, all we have to do is find one. Thank you so much for everything that you and your family do to provide us all with such an amazing content. It really is a joy to watch. I hope everyone has a wonderful holiday, Merry Christmas to everyone
I said JUNK IT!!!!!
Owned a couple preludes, both of them choked me. Fun little car though
woudl love to see your boys at holley make this work as a v684...... that would be somthing. Otherwise - frankly have someone rebuild the computer for you and see where shes at. Cooler project that many just because of the rarity of it. Good luck
My mom had an early 80s diesel caddy biggest piece of crap ever. She had to trade it in with barely 50k miles on it.
59:10 it WANTS to live!  nope, it wants to go back to bed
This is one of the best episodes to date! I lol'd several times, and the epic battle with the exhaust was truly fun to watch. Your content always gets me through rough days, thank you. Your descriptions of the odors are legendary!
You should talk to Hal-Tec or an ECU company, specifically to keep this running as a time capsule, and for whoever wants to take care of it
Likely the 8-6-4 is the dumbest thing Cadillac engineers ever did. Those were pitiful engines, and really hurt Cadillac's reputation.
Alternater playing havic with computer? Cant get a constant voltage to set up on?
But it runs!!! Way to go bro! You have woken me up to get into my car again after a break!!! Thank you
that sneeze had me crying 😂😂
Do a carb swap to satisfy my need to see it roll down the road, then sell it lol
Bro after watching your vids i feel even more depresed than before! Ive been sooking about working on my car under a car port and ive got all the right gear and its mostly clean new parts on a not so old car, i gotta get of my arse and do it, fuck you got some patience!
LS swap it! Put a nice 5.3 in it and throw all the 80's garbage in a dumpster.
Send it to demolition ranch!!!
Brother , your mic sounds terrible. All the breathing and mouth noises. Either pull it away or get a dampener - please.   Long time fan.
I believe those gremlins are chewed wires ,because of  many mice
Sell the Caddy
You should have been a woman never seen a man with so much drama you could win the drama queen award
Some safety goggles maybe? Just a thought.
I have to say I don't like your attitude this is a classic car and you just throw the air filter housing over on the right fender I don't like your attitude be kind to a classic car
LS swap candidate.
This might have been the hardest episode to watch of VGG for me. Just absolute suffering the whole time. I'm surprised Derek wasn't cryin in the mud more or, gettin dipped.
could have sworn that I seen some safety glasses in that box of parts, good thing they're still brand new we can return those... not needed 😂
That fire was the perfect ending 😂
Worst engine ever , not worth the trouble .
I had an 83 Coupe Deville and an 82 Coupe DeVille both of them had a ht 4100 V8 engine these engines also sucked and gave me a lot of problems love the car but wouldn't buy another one not even for free it's the reason why there aren't any left on the road only carbureted engines are boss the ones without computers are the best
This is way more trouble than anyone would expect! 12 years standing is not that long. I think we can agree this car was a problem BEFORE it was stored. Worse still, it's one of those jobs where some bunny has already tried to fix it and only come up with 'work-arounds'.
The addition of a camera operator is a great improvement 🎉
You know that wierd half-moon transport device/ thing you have to take off every new grinder before you can use it on YouTube?   Well, I made an amazing discovery a while back, if you put it back on and just ignore that fact it looks really close to the spinny/ cutty bit, it does a grand job of stopping those grinding sparks and dust going up your nose.  Also helps stop those annoying cauterised cuts down to the knuckle bone from holding the grinder too close to the spinny cutty bit.  Just a thought.
What... a... horrible project...ooftah!
Nice car engine swap it.
Fancy space and ooh... a camera guy as well!
I bought one of those Coupe DeVille 4/6/8’s right of the showroom floor the day before Christmas. Identical color and interior. My 4/6/8 worked perfectly. My two friends who also bought new Caddy Seville’s and didn’t like the 4/6/8 so they had the dealer put a switch in the glove box to turn off the cylinder deactivation.  Have you sold the car already?
Throw a match on it and walk away Derek!!
you have the patience of a saint. i dont know if i could have made it that far without yanking that pig of a mill and throwing it in the pond, and replacing it with literally anything else.
With every try there's a 1000 guesses as to what's going to happen.
So anyway I say heads, intake, carb, cut a hole in the floor for a  five speed and give yer self a luxury burnout rig.
I owned a number of GM's,,and when I asked about getting schematics,,got told "if you can afford such a car, you can affor to take to a authorized service center",,,but I bought a old porsche,,and you know what they said???  "We love when owners care about our cars and want to get more involved!! sure anything you need!!) GM made their flagship projects too status symbol and not enough dependable,,proven (buick became more prefferred to me because how bad cadilacs have always been )
I can’t help but admire the ingenuity of automotive engineers back then. Given a seemingly impossible task (to make a V8 fuel efficient) and goddammit they delivered, as problematic as it was/is they figured that shit out!
Wow what a massive pile
IN THE 70'S MY DAD OWNED A '75 FLEETWOOD WITH A 500, & A '77 COUPE WITH A 425. WHEN THIS FREEKING LEMON CAME OUT, OL POPS CALLED IT THE "TWO-FOUR-SIX-EIGHT, WOW DO WE DEPRECIATE" ENGINE.... 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
1 ) . 1977-1979 425 is carb run , all brackets fit 368cu in caddy ( detuned cu inches in cylinders) use all the front assembly and may need the HEI TOO. Intake fits.  Now isolate {+} wire to coil . All censors can be cut off. All air pump removed, and all hoses to it.  ECM IS A SPLIT BRAIN , so trans does not recognize  the trans in running. Engine and trans are separate from each other. Pluck check engine lamp. Most do not know the ECM IS SPILT . Tranny can still have Over drive  shift. . No censors are needed , just leave exhausted censor as a plug. If has air pump tubes to exhaust manifold, plug with plumber plugs , steel.  Cadillac motor sports has headers and alum intake and cams. 425 heads may be bigger valves.  (425 is a detuned 472/500) motor was good, electronics all failed. Motor ran, need to rid electronics. If ECM bad , try 77-79,  should work. Ps hubcaps were Olds 98.  225/75/15 were tires not 215. Most upped to 235 better ride. Radios failed in electronic connects. Heaters and fan fail too due to corrosion contacts. Move back to MN.
I do hope all of that tom foolery was just for show for the camera. Nobody who works on cars so much could really be that bad at it. Like when it first flooded i'd of disconnected the tank pump and let it clear itself. The new pump was clearly to much for the injectors and they were getting forced open. The o2 sensor was a good shout but they take a lot longer than a few seconds to go into closed loop. It was more likely trying to shut off cylinders which requires the remaining cylinders to work harder
Does the very beginning seem unsaturated vidgeo or am I too many road sodas in
Derek if you learned 'the first time' you'd be less funny to watch.
"Fewer ad breaks for this long video"  LOL LOL LOL  LOL LOL !!!  Oh man YouTube that's funny funny stuff !!
This episode resembles a snowball going down a hill.
So they 86’ed the motor and some say, that to this day, you can still here someone say, “we’d like to talk to you about your car’s extended warranty.”
Bypass 4 6 8 system  they were junk
Rip that motor out and stuff in so real hp!
I think I would change the injectors. I tried cleaning a set once and they looked good. Still wouldn’t run. Changed the injectors and all was well.
Great video as usual, but the commercial breaks are getting to be too frequent and too long.
I like to see you fix my 48 mercury. It eats starters and has electrical problems. Can't find anyone to help me out on it
Can a duramax fit in there?
Never good when that there cadillac converter gets clogged.
I passed up on buying one of those in the early 2000's because i didnt want to mess with the 4-6-8.
I dont want to seem like a dick or anything but is anyone else annoyed more by the camera guy than him just being a tripod ?
As soon as he cut away the cat and it was plugged I knew the fuel system had failed. Plugged cat means to much fuel going through the engine or oil is getting into the cylinders.
Ford was working on a variable displacement similar to the V864 Cadillac at about the same time but determined it could not be made to be reliable so they never put it into production...
Do a cam and Holley efi swap....
The car needs an exorcist.
That shop looks like studio, it is way to clean lol
So glad I found your site. It is very entertaining, and the repairing of the older cars is great for us seniors that lived the era of the great cars. If you can find a 1960 Impala 4 door and a 1964 Buick LaSabre 4 door to repair, it sure would bring back the memories for me. Thanks from the Yukon.
How did cameraman stay quiet during whole thing?
Cadillac once said: Best of all its a Cadillac.
What the heck is this crap? Cmon Derek, what happened to you, man? Take the check, That's fine. Dont sell your integrity thought, The only thing this world can't take is a man's word. Why are you selling it?
Loved the show but come on same stuff all the time.Why don't you show the ones that you got burned on
Sell or Scrap that P.O.S.
After fighting my grandpa's '90 tbi k1500 i did enjoy seeing someone else go through the wringer.  you're not a real mechanic until you light a tbi on fire.
It will be quite a feat to get that running because I remember hearing that many Cadillac dealers could not fix them good luck
😮 I live in Livingston Tennessee
How frustrating!!!!
My suggestion is dump this turd
I"d like to see you get it running somehow its in such good shape
This episode should be called Man versus machine. It's so fun to watch these videos of Derek doing Derek things. Hats off to O'Reilly's for supporting the man.
Your muffler "percussion set" sounded kinda like the drum intro to "I'm just a singer in a rock and roll band"!
i would be tempted to run some copper or 3/8 metal coiled line in this application instead of risking contamination
If you don't like it which I don't blame you, cut your losses and get rid of it.
The joys of 80’s electronics
Heard from an another car guy that diesel oil is not the right kind of zinc and won’t help.
Love it!
Complicated engine for a ride home that time. Sounds like an engine that they did not want to keep building because of its complexity.  I wonder what was so new and good about it that made them build it.
Who is shooting this? Part of the deadpan humor of your older videos seemed like a video diary.
Soak the O rings in PB Blaster to reconstitute them. They will be supple and fit.
Take it back to a basic motor no bleep " Bleepins' " nor the dread dreaded' AI Brain Machine !
Throws up, then says im back . So heres the hub capps😂😂😂😂fucking legend. I couldnt stop laughing 😂😂
I wouldn’t mind actually seeing you put a carb in it and getting it to run or doing something with this car it looks clean
SEE. IF YOU CAN  GET 4BBL INTAKE FROM A CADDIE OF THAT TYPE OF  ENGINE BREED  IF NO FASHIN A  2BBL. 2. MATCH THE  INTAKE NOT THE OLD HOLLY 500CFM .EVEN A SMOG FREE 2BBL ROCHESYTER .  AND KEEP IT A PERMANENT 8 CYLINDER..DOUBLE  EXHAUST FREE FLOW NO CAT.S......NICE CADDIE ❤
Swapped in a 500ci Bigblock from a caddy with a carb, and add zoomies
This is absolutely the hardest I've ever seen you working...how you keep going under and pulling things off this car is crazy cool (Mans Work) count me out...fellett watcher
THATS WHY PEOPLE DROP 350'S IN THOSE PILES. LOL
I gotta hand it to you Derek. You truly perservered to get that dialled in. I for one would of lost my rag in half a day max.
sasquachian
That car would be a prime candidate for the crusher!
Batree love it 😅
the longest show ive seen from Derick yet Always a positive attitude with talent and humor as seen here and on TV. Congratulations. If I where in your shoes Id change the engine. Problem solved.
35:13 did that noise make anyone else think of the Back to the Future opening scene where Marty gets blown across the room by the giant speaker? BWOMP 🔊
This seems like an excellent candidate for an LS swap......
Sorry for being a troll  Keep up the great contact I appreciate you
Cb7 honda accord and preludes automatic seat belts gave me the hugs dad never did
engine swap. literally any engine would be better
Love those dash diagnostics. Love to get those buttons all greased.  Put a quadraget on it and do some doughnuts.  Get a Dodge. Ah ha ha.
New Day or week , year anything on your buying sculpture or sculptures did you get it running like a Top well better than a top
I haven’t laughed this hard in years.  Taking the muffler off was too funny!
A good crackhead would have had that cat off in under a minute 😂
The “computer thinks it is supposed to do something” I cannot stop laughing
Take the easy way out, ls swap
Uffda May....a feller hasn't felt his stomach hurt this much since he tried to do sit-ups everyday for a single day after he set a resolution for New Years 2003...this time though...its due to the laughing. Perhaps the most entertaining video to date. I might start rebuilding injectors with a deadblow hammer going forward. Great content as always sir!
That "Race Cam" sounded pretty gnarly...but if it was me, I'd sell it and grab another. Sometimes you just have to cut your losses and move on down the road. If you could find a 92 dodge ram with the 318 that sat a long time, it would be very helpful to me...magnum motor...I have my later father's and am wanting to restore it.
You sure showed a lot of patience with it. I would have probably rolled it outside and hoped someone would steal it
Us derby guys always called these the space shuttle engines lol
Hey Derek, they make these new things now called safety glasses, maybe you should do the right thing and wear them when working on a car.
Is so satisfying to get old vehicles purring again
Big Fan, love your channel. I  was wondering if you would consider working on a complete 1983 928 Porsche with a no start situation? Would hand you a clean title for a 1984 Chevy C20 pickup runs and drives great. Has a little (weight reduction) not bad. And a Stahl utility box with removable racks.
The major obstacle with a 81 cady.. And it's very difficult to overcome... It's a 81 Cadillac, Don't walk,  run for your life. Your back will write you a thank you letter.     There are many tow companies, Who can thank this car, For putting there company, in a much higher tax bracket. It was a running joke back then, Who could tow the most caddies in one day.
At one time you were funny.. what happened?
Kudos to you! Perhaps done off camera as to keep the G rating however, if not, a release of a storm of cuss words to a level, that would hang in a cloud over Lake Michigan, was in order.   Very enjoyable, educational and a good laugh; LOL. the fire at the end was well timed. Seeing a Carb swap would be interesting to see, I expect the car would then need new springs to then compensate for the 1000 pounds of hoses & wiring removed from the engine bay. Merry Christmas to you & your family
When that drum flew off I laughed for days 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
This engine is such a pos....I've never seen you struggle so much with a car. There's so much that could be wrong, so many sensors/etc its just insane.
Can the distributor have shut down mode going on with the cylinder shut off part electronics ?
Feel pressure regulator diaphragm There is usually  A new Spring in the  kit Coolant temp manifold absolute Pressure
I feel like you put the wiring on right and behind the scenes there was another starter involved
Oh oh oh no O'reilly reman auto parts😮
Come on Derek gotta get it right pretty sure I made that 1 up? it's crossthreded is better than  Lock tight
Done a ton those TbI rebuilds you can rebuild a carburetor you can do that I was impressed hardest part is the regulator look like u got it you will know really  Quick if you don't cause it will just spray fuel everywhere Those can be tricky sometimes the  Rebuild kits have poopy parts  the  Diaphragm that's how you get kids that poopy  Diapers bad diaphragm😢😅😊
Heck of a try Derek! My Grandparents had this car in Grey. Respect for getting it running bud! I think the mice, bad computer and someone who soldered wires together got ya on this one. Great content as always bud!
I just dont get why people bought import luxury cars, these American ones were so great!
The muffler removal had me busting a gut.
This car gave you a fight. I would've given up a long time ago. Way to keep pressing on.
Put  a holley Terminator x
Having gotten a sliver of metal stuck in my eye once I can tell you from experience it was a very bad idea for you to attack that exhaust with a cutter offer without first putting safety glasses on.
Call a priest, that Cadillac needs an exorcism.
I have never seen so much dust/rust cloud from any of Derek's projects.
I hate to be that guy, but a vortec 350 swap would have made just as interesting a video.
Betty Whites, hot little sister.
Several years ago I had a similar similar problem.  : it turned out to be the  fuel pressure regulator spring in the tbi had rusted in pieces   The spring used to be included in the kit but the last time I rebuilt  one I had to track down a spring on Ebay. FYI lol I've had several tools take up flying doing what you do   Craftsman made a lot of money off me replacing them.
Derek your a strong man....what little I remember about my GM days,I think their is a mixture adjustment at the injectors , a dwell meter connection ,somewhere near the injectors   and using an alan wrench adjusting the range of the travel up and down of the injector pulse.shorter pulse.or ( dwell) leaner mix ...higher dwell (more travel)rich mixture,,,,,good luck.....
Save 2hrs after myself nah it's fkd don't even leave the garage
That remanned starter sounding like Michael Winslow
Wow Derek, some tenacity but painful to watch.  Took about 4 sessions to get through...  Really miss the early days of eating an egg salad sandwich on a log and seeing the cardinal.  It was a loss with dignity.
Flush that turd.
I've seen you work on junkers; but your approach to this one was a joke. I had this engine in a barritz Eldorado 83' drove it to College and after to work everyday. Unplug the top of the ends ontop of the valve covers v8 all day had a xstock car racer weld a flomaster sounded only change plugs and oil Awesome caddy for years till i just sold it but enjoyed it.
Derek and crew:  How does one contact you or your assistant to inquire about buying this Cadillac?
Sure sounds like you have some plug wires crossed
Safety third friends
Manifold air pressure  (MAP) sensor?
Scrap it
The car will never run right, biggest reason it’s got regency 98 Oldsmobile wire wheels on it. The whole car is feeling really confused because of it.
Well when you get time I got 07 Lincoln with high fuel rail pressure got the alien stuff under the hood
Great ending with the fire!
Camera jumping around too much
Hay buddy merry Christmas an happy new year to you an your family buddy
The further in we get with electric motor motorvation, the more we recognize  the fallibility of this form of power and should not  be a practical form of power in the future- all of that confusion under the hood being replaced with an electric motor.  So simple...
The V8-6-4 was Alien Technology  at its finest. Problem was.....aliens hadn't got the memo
Just so we clear.. only ad I didn't skip was Derek and orylies..... Tha only part store I go to... Still can't spell it but 😂😂
Now i know to avoid all those computer controlled Cadillacs, too bad because those are tough ones a taxi driver friend of mine used to have a 1986 Feetwood Broughham  with a Oldsmibile Y code carbureted 307 with a rochester quadrajet who was unstoppable. Too bad this one are telling you avoid me let me die lol. The car is a runner just rip all that computer crap and slam in it at least a holley or an Edelbrock 600CFM with a spacer and a  regulator to 7psi and you are good to hit the road👍🏾 Don't give up on it yet because is complete!! You make me laugh like never before!!🤣 Specialy when that brake drum make a saparkling burnout in the concrete passing by between the camera tripod stand.🤣🤣🤣. I hope to see the next episode of the 81 computerless Cadillac running at high speed with a brand new holley or edelbrock. Can't wait to see that new chapter release.👍🏾🙏🏾
I absolutely LOVE this channel, and I kid you not, but a guy has watched every-single-episode Derek and Jessica have posted!  Having said that, I couldn't make it through more than 10 minutes of this one. Why? I just couldn't deal with that damn moving and shaking camera. I thought to myself, "Maybe it's just this way at the beginning..." (skip ahead a few minutes...Nope! Skip ahead a few more...Nope! More skipping.... but more "Nopes!") The production on this one just....well...it's not up to your usual standards, to put it politely.   Derek, I doubt you'll ever comment on this, much less read it, but from one of your old neighbors close to Minne-a-no-place, please don't do this again!  Merry Christmas to the entire Bieri Family, and know that we miss all of you up here!
New MAP sensor?
Dammit man I had to rewind it after the Celine Dion comment. I was laughing so hard. Good job Derek.
“Whiter than a Celine Dion concert” LOL
Your channel is great .,.this episode is hilarious. I wish I had 1/64th of your patience.
You should yank that whole mess of a motor out and put a nice 6 liter budget minded ls swap in it Somthin anyone can do in a home shop with basic tools and like a Amazon or e bay stand alone wiring harnesses with the drive train from a 99-06 Silverado no one does a nice simple cruiser it always has thousands of dollars to make it like a show car or you need 10 grand worth of special adapters and do flickies from the most expensive after market companies nothin roung with it but I just like to see someone build a simple ls swaped cruiser car with a bit of class a prove to the world that you can do an ls swap on a super cheap budget and actually have a nice car in the end and I think you are the guy to do it
I would love to stick around to see how this turns out but at the 20 minute mark I've already been forced watch 19 commercials.
I WANT YOU AND MAT PAUL AND RORY TO BUILD SOMTHING COOL N AUSOM
Ls swap it and make a nice cruiser
Chevy terminator broccoli worked GREAT in 87-95 trucks and cars. Super simple system.
My Dad had one of these slugs!!! However there has aTSB released mid-year I believe, which my dad had done at the local Caddy dealer. The car then ran flawlessly for over a 100k!!! In your situation add carb and electronic spark box. In closing, before the TSB the car was a huge POS!!!!!!
Enjoyed the episode, too bad the caddy didn’t cooperate!
Cadillac should have replaced those engines with the 500 ci Cadillac engine.
"Whiter than a Celine Dion concert"😅😂😂That was a good one☠️💯Really cool you were working in Springfield Missouri Oreillys everywhere its national headquarters🫡👍👍
There is no good in that car even from new and you should do the right thing and sell it for scrap
Ive been a plumber for 40 years I think there is a POTATO in the tailpipe.
The brake drum coming off and skidding across the room was gold, my son called downstairs wondering why I was laughing hysterically. I was waiting for Derek to say "It's fine"
I for one would like to see you bring this one back to working condition, even if the original computer operated stuff is replaced by a simple carburetor.
Donate the car to me.... I always wanted one of these
Nightmare Engineering at its finest! Great video and great job Derick!
I have to give you an A for effort young fella. I would continue this rescue at home. I would change it to Holley EFI or back to a carb. Once you get the bugs out, it will be a great car.
Ive done this a lot, with cars in much worse shape. Some having sat 15+yrs or more! But you're apt to have way better luck, reviving an older car. There's nothing quite like putting your time &work into a old forgotten car. someone gave up on. Then see it fire up and come to life
this is how it go's fpr me when working on my 30year old car  😆 always a palaver
Every GM executive responsible for this steaming pile should be forced to watch this video prior to being flogged. This video was a 2 1/2-hour Looney Tune that wasted a lot of time and resources.  And people wonder why GM was in bankruptcy--they put out stuff like this and then expect the customers to eat the cost.  Derek, please go out and find more Packards.  Even after sitting for 50 years under a tree they won't run like this turd that was never built right for starters.
Now you sell it to a gasoline refinery😂😂😂
How bout a floor hoist.🤧🙄
Cuttn that muffler off. ..was bit risky...if that cutting wheel shattered...you'd be a candidate for a hospital...wear safety glasses at least..tools with guards are problems to access cutting tight spots...just be careful...when that tool bucks back like that .dangerous sh*t.🤕
I love the joker laugh when he's fighting with the cat
I would like to see you do the carb swap. Great job!!!
I laughed so hard when that brake drum came off, I've done that myself
I use to pull those engines out and drop a Olds or Pontiac engines  they bolt right to the transmission 😂
please let us know in the near future what your doing with this project
Gotta be a workaround for that system. in the same era, GM converted the horrible 350 diesel to gas by swapping the top ends. The car is super cool, too cool to just scrap.
Betty White 2.0!!  Build your own adapter on the sweet machine you got and Sniper EFI it!!
Although mine was a 1983 ford ltd fox body sedan , the throttle body assembly sensor was stuck open and would over rev to redline . Had to replace the whole tbi unit. Once replaced ran normal again.
I'm not an expert on vehicle, but from looking at it, i think the Coolant Temp Sensor (or Water Temp Sensor on some cars) is bad.. Maybe the connection or socket or the pin is corroded.. Definitely check it.. And also the MAP sensor if it has any..
455 Olds Rocket!!
how far you going to get before you get a ticket
Even on newer computer-controlled vehicles, modular displacement never feels like the balance is right.
don’t you believe in safety glasses you need to set the example for your boys safety first
I have never seen a car fight so hard to just stay off the road. I guess it retired itself.
Only replace carburator...
Unplug the computer and clean the connectors
I bought a 99 cady, front wheel drive. They had disconnected the battery and hooked it back up just before I got there and I forgot my scanner. I got it home and it had 6 codes. What a nightmare! Those cars are for the very rich, not made to last very long
When the brake drum flew off you could visibly see the camera guy shaking and it made me bust out laughing 😂 2:03:30
electric engine and go home
Great episode, and some great trouble shooting there, thank you! Just protect those peepers though, maybe invest in some safety glasses when using the 'death wheel'; that was a tough watch as I don't want to see you get injured etc. Best Christmas wishes to you and your family.
If memory serves...Cadillac recalled every 4-6-8 engine.  Replaced each one at GM's cost for a regular V-8.
I don’t know, man… maybe setting off on these seemingly impossible quests makes for a hefty YT income, but, a V8-6-4 is something I would’ve run screaming from. Yeah, I know how this ends up, but nevertheless..
I remember having to work on those Caddy's back then while in the business. What a nightmare! I never could get them to run right. I would have needed to have built an entire career around them. Very to.consuming and not easy to work on.
(1988-1994) Ford Tempo L GL GLS Mercury Topaz  GS GLS LX (1988-1994) Plymouth Sundance/Dodge Shadow(1987-1989) and Dodge Spirit/Plymouth Acclaim(1993-1995) Plymouth Neon/Dodge Neon(1995-1998) Ford Aerostar (1988-1998) Windstar(1995-1996) Ford Escort Second Gen (1991-1997)  Ford Escort/Tracer/ZR2 3 gen(1998-2003) Dodge Omni/Plymouth Horizon(1990 only) Honda Civic (1988-1995) Honda Accord (1988-1995) Chevrolet Nova (1987-1989) Geo Prizum (1991-2003) Geo Storm (1989-1993) Geo/Chevrolet Metro (1989-2002) 3rd gen Caviler/Sunfire(1998-2005) had these auto seat belts to skirt around the NHSTA airbag laws and went away after 1998.
I say drop a duramax diesel with the allison transmission in it. That should make it go down the road real nice. Probably quite good fuel mileage as well.
Is Derek the most patient man in the world… or are there outtakes of him cussing and smashing stuff up ??
My 1942 Chevy Panel truck with flat head 6 that had a foot-mash starter with backup hand crank in case the battery was dead would start in 1/2 revolution. It idled so quietly I sometimes wasn't sure it was even running.  The beauty of the simplicity in those early model vehicles is surely a wonder. Modern complexity with electronic sensors and connectors ad infinitum is a maintenance nightmare!
I would love to see that Cadillac carb swapped
Check temp sensor that’s happened on my Tbilisi and would flood it out the same as it is with yours
Where to? "Fun": Fuel make it happener swap. Sensible: Engine swap; Most sensibler: Flip.
That thing was a waste of your life-force... it had nightmare written all over it when you unscrewed the air filter.  So sorry you spent time on it... TANNERITE for the win!!
Comedy through every single video you've ever made 😅 I'm really glad a fella like you came along your videos are pure gold. Keep it up we'll here for the knowledge & the  laugh's.
The blame lies solely with the federal government for their ridiculous and unrealistic cafe standards, it continue until today, they wanted auto makers to squeeze every last mile out of a gallon of gas and this engine was the result, my uncle always said he was going to buy a Cadillac when he retired, he retired in 1983 and bought another Cadillac with possibly even a worse engine and that was the new Seville with the 4.1 that turned out to be a disaster, my uncle took meticulous care of his vehicles and the caddy was no exception, the engine however lasted to around 70,000 miles that's it,,the rest of the car was like brand new and always garaged, he ended up purchasing a 1992 crown Vic, he was never a Ford guy but shortly after he got the Ford he was diagnosed with Alzheimer's, he passed away in 1995 and my aunt passed away in 2000, at that time it only had 10,000 miles on it but unfortunately if I wanted it I would have had to take less money in the inheritance and the car was valued at 12,000 and I wanted the money instead. Then let's not forget Cadillacs next disaster of an engine the North star.
All this madness with conserving fuel because in 1973 the government decided to support Israel's illegal invasion of Arabian territory which got the fuel cut off which caused a fault fuel crisis because of an oil embargo. All we had to do in 1973 was tell Israel to f o were supporting the Arabs, and we would never have had to go through all these Decades of save fuel Madness. And we might still have some big beautiful cars coming down the assembly line. For a couple more decades.
They still can't get cylinder deactivation right.
That was the easiest brake drum removal ive ever seen! 🤣
Fix it!!!! Get it working
great video, thank you for your sacrifice. now i know to never own a caddy from this year. lol
Great candidate for a stock Ls swap. It will be dependable and get better mileage than a carborated 80's Cadillac engine. It would be great for going on tours like driving Betty White.
This thing needs an exorcism……or an engine swap, any engine. Like some Chinese diesel er something.
That's a great looking solid car, how about a big LS swap?
Derek , how about removing all of the 8/6/4 stuff and put in a Caddy 500 with true dual exhaust quite as possible wide tires , find the rear fender skirts ,and end up having a stock appearing Caddy capable of leaping buildings
I had to remove prior comments. Just wanna say simply you gave her 100%. Thank you for great content. Foundation of that car is crap. Gold plated turd is still a turd. On to the next. Safe travels.
I've had my unfair share of Cadillacs in my 80 years and I'm delighted to say that the minute I heard V8-6-4, I decided to pass on the the 1981 model, but I also had 4 of the 4100 powered cars and, other than being woefully underpowered, they ran just fine. I left Cadillac when the they discontinued RWD and went to Lincoln. The systematic destruction of GM's premier marque is, to say the very least, sad...and should never have happened.
I think we all need a gold star for patients with this one. Good try though we have a good time watching it.
I for one absolutely loved this video! Something about watching Derek at a complete loss made me feel like I wasn’t alone lol! I say fix it but fix it right keep it stock and actually diagnose the true issues and fix it! Maybe work with someone who was certified to work on these cars in 81 .
This topped all my favorite Laurel & Hardy & 3 Stooges films and is probably the funniest film of all time! God Bless
Junk it
I drove those big long Cadillac Fleetwood Brougham's in the mid 80's when I drove for a rental car company. They had the 305 V8's and the fuel sentinel was located on the left side of the dash below the vent on the drivers side. Most still had carburetors until about year 86 or 87 when they went all out on fuel injection 81 seems to be really rare and early to have fuel injection that soon. But still those caddies were fun to drive and gave great gas mileage when computers and fuel injection became the norm Then the front drive caddies came around with the Northstar engines and at about 300hp they put out Sounds like it could use the newer aftermarket style fuel injection in where you rip out the factory computer and replace it with more modern stuff. I look forward to what ideas you might come up with on this one
Coolant temp sensor can cause your issue
This is probably my favorite episode of all time. We need more of the worst vehicles ever made on VGG, haha.
Don't be hard on yourself.  U were trying to make a car work that never worked well even right when it came off the assembly line.  That car was a $hit sandwich
A fitting end to a GM POS disaster. The best old school wrench head says forget it. Cash for clunkers. O*ama car.
My thought?  For nostalgia reason, find a Cadillac 500 cu V8 and swap out the V8-6-4.  Mod it out with a hot cam, carb or Holley efi.  That would be a cool retro tribute and fun.
Hey maybe theres some old boy Cadillac tech out there you could do another episode letting them go at the electrodigitals on it ? Somebody somewhere must know how to work on those miserable systems !
Back in the early 80's, one of my best friend's parents had that same car, color and all! I remember the little display that told you how many cylinders it was on! I can still remember the smell of Old Spice and Winstons!😂
A meth head would have had that cat off in 30 seconds
Happy holidays    Derrick and family  ! Nice old  Caddy  ! Thumbs-up  and have a wonderful evening and a  merry Christmas to you  .
Caddies got ugly in the mid 70's and haven't let up since. How do they stay in business?
Drum Roll Please 😂
At 2/3 into the video I keep expecting O'Reilly Security to come and scream "get out"! Raw fuel all over the floor, acrid smoke... perfect.
This revival definitely tested a guys Patience. I would put $ on the injectors not being good and the problem, could a guy read the code from engine light? Most of the experience i have had with TBI they work pretty good. I did try a rebuild once on one and i believe it was unsuccessful so i replaced the injectors and it was good to go.
I think C4 is the answer, but film it please
Carb swap
Greetings: I wonder if U found the key 4 the 'spokes'?
I was so frustrated watching this car run so poorly until that brake drum flew off and went thru the door
@34:32 First time I heard a sasquatch sneeze
Greetings: 1:40:58- "Valve clicky thing"? IAC? If U remove or replace the IAC it generally requires a recalibration. I cleaned mine, reset spring tension and tried it. Did fine. Just 4 fun I recalibrated it with my Tech2. Same reading B4 and after and it ran fine. Bsafe.
Greetings: Good show as always. Keep up the good work. Bsafe
Greetings: 1:20:00 - "Hrdro lock"? Was that the Parking Brake update 4 the "Hydro-Boost"?
Greetings: I knew a senior lady that had Cadillacs since the late 60s after stepping up from the top Buicks. All purchased from the showroom floor, paid off then traded in 4 another showroom car. I remember she had 1 of these V8,6,4s. That and the bad NY winter of 80 really inconvenienced her 30mi county drive 2 her, then 25yr, Westinghouse job. The dealer provided her a comparable loaner during the ordeal. The spring brought winter relief and her repaired car.  1 version is they bypassed the 8,6,4 system; changed sensors and said related parts. Basically they made it the later model year constant 8. Another version, I actually heard and believe is they swapped the 8,6, 4 stuff out replacing it with the next gen model year power train and related components. Her customer status and loyalty was rewarded.  I am confident her assertive qualities was probably not required, however standing on "locked and loaded" if needed. I. Knew this lady well. Very smart, assertive and focused. 1 of the finest, classiest ladies I ever known. RIP.
Pull out that engine, and computer, get a regular Caddy enjine and computer and then enjoy the luxary ride. That engine was snake oil and never did work right.
Greetings:: Cadillac was the innovator of GM. The Hi-Tech , convenience and luxury started there then worked the way down 2 the Medium Duty trucks... as applicable.
I think others may be correct about temp sensor, I have a 2004 honda crv, changed coolant, after a few minutes of driving it switched off, started straight away, then as soon as moving it switched off, apparently you get a small air bubble under the temp sensor, so it switches off as a fail safe because the computer is not getting a signal from temp sensor, few minutes of driving and the air moves and dissipates, no more problem,  stupid.
Would you rather push a GM then drive a Ford., but this is new the body by fisher looks good, I never seen that before, usually they are rusted out by the first year.
Hi Derek! These TBi engines are great when they're working correctly. I know they're a pain when they're not, you know this already, but you must be able to get a trouble code from the computer. If not, that's the first place to start. Once the computer can tell you the trouble code, it's a simple matter of replacing the defective sensor indicated. A computer for an '81 Caddy is going for about $150 at evil bay. It's worth a shot before adapting a 650 double pumper (maybe the double pumper would be cool though).
Did your rebuild process of injectors have something to do with your poor running condition?
Yank that engine out and throw it in the woods. That caddy is a fantasic car for a proper power plant.
How is it that you always buy cars 500+ miles away? lol.
I would bolt in a 6.0 with a vats deleted computer and shift the 700r4 on the column
Throw a 4-pin ignition module an Edelbrock 1406 and a regulator on it and give her the full send. I had an 85 Riv that acted similar, it ended up being the ignition module. Unfortunately, you won't have a vacuum advance, but it will run.
That car was not nice to you at all
Make someone help you
Springfield, MO you say. If I’m not mistaken I believe that MO is home to Bigfoot, and a guy has monster trucked in the past, just saying.
8 6 4 engine was as bad as they're gas converted diesel engines.  Nothing but trouble.
It's a shame because when it is running it seems to run really nice. Definitely think you should junk the fuel injection system and throw a carb on it and let it breath
CARB SWAP AND HEADERS!!!
I don't appreciate you talkin about wheelchairs and being paralyzed being no good in your Cadillac episode
Carb swap.
Injector o ring- metal spacer delete?
You've started a mystery movie by working on that thing. Don't leave us hanging...  Get it back to your barn and figure it out.  We'd all like to see the old 8/6/4 run.
I have a feeling that you're not going to get this to work I'm like 2 hours in it and it's not looking good at all I'm claiming you didn't get it to work we'll see there's only like 20 minutes left and you're still having problems so I'm going to guess that you didn't get it to work the motor thing was a good idea on paper but the technology just wasn't there that thing's a piece of sht
V8, 6, 4 ? WTF ? Who does that ? Looks like a good candidate for an LS swap.
I would have said jou ma se poes and abandoned the bloody thing.
Put a carburetor on it and call it good lol
OK, so one of the strangest and funniest things I've seen is that brake drum fucking off across the shop.
I don't understand why you're making taking off the Cadillac converter in the muffler so hard when you have a freaking Sawzall and a grinder you shouldn't have to do all that extra BS
Temp sensor telling computer the engine is ice cold
Nice car
My 81 Chrysler Imperial with original throttlebody fuel injection was a rocket into this century.  Set it up for demo derby and then read the rules...sad moment.
Sounds like the carb option,  it's a nice old car otherwise and has potential.
Yeah those injectors look pretty gunked up might have to try and rebuild it a couple times more
Come on.  Make your mom happy and wear safety glasses at least when you using the cut-off wheel on the grinder.
I feel like you’re just challenging yourself with this car
You're a braver man than I. I knew the nightmares that would ensue, and would've never attempted it....
I would like to see the carb swap. I like to see these abominations of can vs should redeemed by having the unnecessary complication stripped out.   This era of cars was cheap when I started driving. Naturally, I gained a real appreciation for 60s cars as more reliable alternatives and drove those for most of my youth. Every one of those was sold in daily driver condition.
LS SWAP THIS AND CALL IT A DAY !!!👍
Love the oil filter struggle. On my new car trying to change the oil the same thing happened to me, no reason to have the oil filters shouldn’t be torqued to 100 foot pounds. Talking to the oil change shops who are known for that.
Thank you for this video Derek,  it made me feel alot better about myself when I'm out in the shop attempting to fix my 07 Ram Megacab diesel pickup😩
I'll give you $500! But I'd have to guess the injectors are not closing and when the pump primes it's just dumping fuel. And while it's running. Only occasionally the injectors start working right
When this brakedrum was heading out i was falling off of my chair laughing....this unit is so messed up even the drums want to leave it behind :)
I'm a huge O reillys fan but that shop doesn't help them out very much. Power outages,  no water and some of the cheapest tools I've ever seen.  Come on O'Reilly you can do better than that!!!
GM did this also just a few years ago. Flexfuel.
That camera person is better than I am. I'd be dying of laughter trying to film that.
Tough outcome. Hats off to you for persevering! My dad had '79 and '83 Cadillacs. Looked like he dodged a bullet on the '81s, although the '83 had the infamous HT4100. Difficult years for Cadillac and all of Detroit. That Caddy needs a carb, and I wondered early on about the computer. Your efforts proved it was not computing. Fun to watch a guy tear the muffler and cat off of the car. Glad it wasn't me.
The fule system in these car makes me sik .😤😤
As a subscriber, I gotta say brother I love all of your videos but I think the older cars are my favorites.  70’s and earlier.  30’s, 40’s and 50’s are probably the coolest in my opinion.  Keep up the good work man!
The muffler scene LMAO, may I recommend not going anywhere near an MRI machine for several years?
The idea that they tried to do the 8-6-4 thing BEFORE computerized engines just amazes me. Of course today discontinuing fuel and keeping valves closed is a couple of lines of code, a hacker could add this capability to your car from the car beside you without you noticing WHILE YOU DRIVE down the highway. But back then they probably had an Enigma machine level of componentry trying to pull it off and each piece they added wound up pissing off some other piece.
With life getting in the way, working 3 jobs, this is the first videos I've been able . To watch. The goosebumps on my arms.
First design temp center would open, Computer believes it's negative 40° out, These engines would completely flood and not start.
Need to replace the mushroom connect your type temperature sensor with the second design
I bet the alternator is causing computer problems. It needs 14 volts
well its good to know a technology GM introduced in the 80s still didn't work since 2013 🤣
Lol my mom and dad bought one of those pos was in the shop more than driving it
The through sensor tells it to go full rich so it won't run because of temp problem and the heater core is bad. It like a 15.00 part. I had one do that to me.
Coolant thermo sensor
Great videos that stuff in the muffler is your bonnet soundproofing
Bummer. Crush it into a cube and put your bbq on it.
Booyah 👊🏽 😁 👍🏽 🇺🇸
Hi are you going to sell it if you get it running
My curse must have hopped onto your show because I started watching this video.  Ha  Ha....That's exactly the shtuff that happens to me.  When it rains it pours and it's always pouring.  Especially when it's starting to look good, like everything's going to work out...Boom..  Everything blows up and shows it's true colors.  It's very funny to see it happen to someone else.  I thought it was just me.
That's a beautiful car!! Switch it to a Quadrajet or an aftermarket EFI unit. You'll know to do there, Feller!!
I want to see you get the Bagger 258 running.
Now your oil is full of gas goodbuy rings.
my father owner one of those cars he bought brand new.  In 3 years it had the 8'6'4' control module replaced two times.  He finally traded it in on a new one and while he was still signing the paperwork for his new car the car he traded in was already sold to a car collector.  I loved riding in and in a few instances driving that car.  It had a small screen on the dash that told how many miles to the gallon the car was getting.
Safety is no accident!!🧐👏
Carb swap thanks for trying.
I would drive a Cadillac coupe every day!!😂❤
I love your show. I watch it a lot, thanks. I have a 1983 Dodge with a 318 factory built with a 2-barrow carburetor in it, and it is constantly having problems with idling, so which is one of the Holly Sniper kits I would recommend?
Put a carb on it!
Those seatbelts were called--Mad Mouse  belts!!---Mikey
You should have replaced the map sensor and injectors.
at 2:06:40 you said i wonder if it could be the windshield washer pump. i no joke replaced one on a hummer and tried to start it back up and it wouldnt start it was just dead. unplugged it and it started back up. something was deff wrong with that unit. ordered a delco and it worked fine
plug wires u might break a few?
Good to see Michael J. Fox still working behind the camera.
I feel like project prime has started shooting with ol vice grip..tell tale sign is the high contrast videos. I can clearly tell an original vgg or even cleetus vid, but as soon as project prime gets on board..boom high contrast vids.  Cant stand it
Gawlee 2 hour video?! Calm down my guy geez
"whiter than a Celine Dion concert" lol that had me 😂
I would like to see it run and drive and then the tanarite. I have a 4.3 tbi that is giving me a whole bunch of problems but I have made some headway. It runs just won't drive.
I thank we know now why it's low miles pure guy couldn't keep it running long enough to drive it
I would like to see you completely rebuild it and get the 8-6-4 system working or at lease tear into it and show how the system works. Knowing some information on about today's version of this I'd like to see how they did it in the 80's
mental note  NOPE !  lol
That generation ECM had issues with the boards cracking.  Diagnostics consisted of rapping on the passenger kick panel and if it died, you knew that was the problem.  It also sounds like a possible issue with the coolant temp sensor, that has ultimate authority on startup.  A bad one that thinks it's  -35 degrees will flood the engine... not as bad as a Honda from that time period, but it ain't good.  Good luck with it in the future if you decide to work on it further.
I'd buy it hit me up
Hey great video thanks 🙏🏻👍✌🏻
1:05 geez, don't you have a sawzall?
LS-1 dual exhaust 4wheel disk breaks: going to town in a hurry rig.
Did everyone see that insulation that was eaten away on the hood? I'm thinking the mice worked overtime stuffing that into the entire exhaust system.  Got to give the little critters credit they made a fancy warm two room mouse house 😂 in that old Caddy.
Gm sure made some garbage over the years. You could get a piece of shit engine like this, or a 307 olds around the same era that would just about get you killed if you needed to accelerate in a hurry. When you end the government and union train wreck of a partnership, maybe then the US can build car worthy world stage.
I was impressed with your perseverance. Back in the day, those cars never worked. I would install a carb , install an exhaust, and drive it. Thank you for all of your work. Many, many people really enjoy it.
That things exhibits all the symptoms of a bad tps
Ohhh the 1980's... 😠
Just reinforces why I’m so glad ice cars are going away.  Tesla here I come.
Like one of the others commented, find a 500 and do the swap. Nothing says "success" more than driving a sofa with Cadillac badges!
You getting that muffler off… I havent laughed harder at something in a LONG time that was HILARIOUS
I could feel your frustration on that starter replacement replacement 2X
Derek , you have to let me know what you find if you ever get to the bottom of this. I have a turd biscuit injection and it always runs okay after I unplug the battery but after a while it surged and shuts down
Electronic spark module can go bad and make it seems like it jumped time. The positive crankcase circulation needs tk be hooked up and all there or it will melt your wires going to the fuel injector. Mine had a burglar alarm which can cause grief. The alternator is the most expensive biggest ever. But reliable car, gets shitty mileage if set on eight all the time like mine was set
Do you still get that buzz when you purchase another vehicle.....its always felt good gerting a different ride
I had one of these.  Lovely driver.  Took it from east coast to California and back.  My mother owned a 4 door.  We liked this car.
Get rid of all those electronic sensors on all cars. Cause nothing but problems
😁
If a guy had the budget I think gm's new 1000 hp na crate engine would be a nice touch to the old girl
All I can say is you have way more patience then I ever would. Great video
My dad had one, after 50k, the dealer unhooked the 4-6-8. After that he put 300k miles on it before he traded it in on a F150. He had a long distance commute to work. Great road car, rode like a dream.
you stole it
The runaway drum is too funny. Tell your boys they cannot mess up if they ain't doing something!
Wow I think this is the first time I have seen him lose against a car! That is crazy.
You trying to get the muffler off is how things usually go for me
Bought one of your beanies so I could be in the contest for the duster. What I received in the mail is worth about $4.99 retail. Yeah super cheap quality from Vietnam. YOU COULDN'T SOURCE AN AMERICAN BUSINESS? Im done with this hypocrite!
Wow flash back for me
523 ci 455 conversion swap, four inch straight pipes from the headers ,dual 1200 cfm center flow  Holleys, tremec eight speed dual clutch,some torching and some hundred mile an hour tape and race gas youll be fine... dont worry about it
What a cool car. Can you imagine bailing' in that bugga back in '81?!  You'd be the coolest cat in town!
Electronics will be the end of do it yourselfers and the manufacturers and dealers know it all too well.  We will all be " happy" to buy their laptops on wheels to save the "environment" and even "happier" to have them diagnose these laptops with their protected software and repair them with their soon to be outmoded and unsupported stratosphere priced modules and sensors.  Can't wait😓
It would be a good candidate for a 350 chevy v8.
I had one that ran, it was trash with a capital T.
Carb swap etc etc ETC….. YES!!!!!!!
Here I thought, welp Derek's got a plan this time, he's not rolling in the dirt for once, takes time to describe everything....starts ripping out electric injectors doin the eye thing in the camera and starts rolling in the muffler rust and mouse houses as a workout and hammering the catalyic converter. Yep no classic VGG episode.😂😂😂
That caddy’s beautiful and I had one of these Honda preludes with the choking seat belts
Was that a 1st mar div blue diamond on ur inner arm?
Big block swap... its got a th400
Dude, I just finished watching this in its entirety in the background while I was disassembling and reassembling my gas stove.  I gotta give ya a big thumbs up for having the gumption to try and get possibly the worst engine Cadillac has ever used in a passenger car, running and driving.  Probably would be my last choice, but that's what makes this a special video.  I salute you.  It actually sounded pretty nice there for a while.  I bought a '97 Deville Northstar probably 6 or 7 years ago, ended up donating it to Rawhide Boys Ranch because of all of the crap it needed including all new brake lines which seemed to be obscured by a rear axle that needed to be dropped.  I wish I had kept that car and had it looked at by a mechanic better than myself, because I really miss the old electroluminescent digital dash, plus it was a Saul Goodman car.  Anyhoo, the best thing about that car while I owned it was the sound of that old Northstar.  I know it might be random, but thanks for the memory.  Good luck on your next session, I'll be rooting for ya.
I seen you pulling on 40 I pasted you in a pink caddie.
The channel ‘Rare Classic Cars’ out of Michigan mentioned this episode… Like all VGG episodes…Had to watch!
Hi Derek, I want to buy this from you if you are interested in selling it. Please let me know how I can get in touch!
Man, don't ever change...the safety googgles were bought...but...oh well
Bullet proof reliability 😮
Dude I understand your trying to put on a show... but good God just use a reciprocating saw and stop eating rat dust! 🤦‍♂️
That’s a beautiful old Cadillac do the good ol ls swap nice cam for some chop and wheels
Sell it, keep em comin y’all 🤘🏽🇺🇸👏🏽🚗🛻🚙🔧
I noticed you have a Seville Classics tool cart. How do you like it? Does it hold up to daily home mechanic use? I can get the 11 drawer for sub 500 but can't see it in person. My only fear is the smaller drawers seem very short where it could be an issue fitting tools where you wont them. I see 9 pliers drawers if you get me.
i thought to begin with looking at the trim and body work this has to be the best revival yet  when you were working on the injectors you mentioned give me a carb any day and maybe could that be done here replace the injector system with a carb install standard of the shelf electronic ignition unit to bypass all that early engine management system is that possible i don't know
when you were pouring the gas, 1:21:01/2:20:58 i had to get up and go a few times.? 👈👺👀👀😒🚬👍
The muffler part was funnier than any comedy i've seen in a while.
454 swap!
You would not be suited for stealing catalytic converters
why.... these cars my man
I am thinking you need to go back-to-BACKYARD mechanic school! You must have missed the day they went over on how to remove a muffler.
I did work on those caddys back in the day. We saw them alot.. i do believe i saw you mess with the coolant temp sensor plug. and said it was corroded.. the coolant temp reading will default to -40 degrees when its open or high resistance .. might the reason its dumping so much.. and when you plugged it back in.. it ran the best.. getting codes after it runs for a while will help.. id love to see it run again.. and heck if you really wanna sell it let me know.
I feel like this episode is punishment for ... the universe just thought it was time I guess? I'd take the system from either the year before or after this particular Caddy and replaced everything I'd have ripped out shortly after I opened the hood on this year of the esteemed Cadillac brand.... or sold as is after getting it running with the existing system and buying a 67 stacked headlights 2 door Cadilac... and if it wasn't already a rag top... probably excise the roof and put in the armiture and framework... you know... turn it into a 67 rag top with the aforementioned stacked headlights... anyway...  if you got it for free...  it wasn't really :-))
All the confidence  in the world you will get right
The white ghost, haunted Caddy there.
Hilarious episode! But next time clamp a set of vice grips onto the strap and hold it so it cannot spin. If that strap catches enough friction it will instantly turn into a human blender. I was seriously cringing while you did that.
Rip it all out, put in a 2nd hand 454 cast iron block, 1 aluminum head,  1 cast iron  head, 3rd hand quad with 1 jet plugged off, brand new 4spd tranny, go fast cragar wheels with used tires😊 Good to go for the show
The camera man REALLY could have helped by telling him he wasn't flexing the pipe where he had cut it. Face palm.
Pull that engine and put a 472/500 in. thats what i did to my coupe. 425 will work too.
I sat down and thought about this video for several hours and I think I might know the solution.  When the computer is erased and battery re connected it idles fine and runs good, but then you shout ot off and next start the engine wont run right and it stalls.  I think the computer is triggering the 8 6 and 4 mechanism and setting it up to crank on maybe only 4 cylinders once the engine is warmed up.  So I would look for what controls the 8 6 and 4 and remove any relay or fuse or even some electronic box.  We know such an entity exist or how would it work while driving the car?  Or why not buy a used computer box that is off of a chevrolet V8 car that had the 350 engine with the same throttle body and two injectors. plus it wouldnt operate any external 8 6 4 BS at all but would be designed to run the two injectors
Great stuff.  PPE is your friend 😊
This may be a little far fetched. but change the coolant temp sensor. It may think that motor is -40°F  and its dumping all the fuel. Check that before throwing in the towel. I had a 93 G20 an do that to me. thought it was a bad EGR. turns out the coolant temp was messed up.
Great effort pal. 👍👍👍🇬🇧🇺🇸💕💕💕💕💕
Well probably did send it to insurance and they (owners)(" pronouns pal") probably just said hey  It's not that bad honey. Let's just keep the check. We can buy some Christmas presents for the kids with it....
2:03:10 oh my days, the gift that keeps on giving 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤪👍🇬🇧🇺🇸
I can see Leota being converted back to conventional running type status! 🇬🇧🇺🇸
You would never make it as a Cat thief
This is the first one I’ve seen proper give you a quandary Derek. 🙏🙏👍🇬🇧🇺🇸
i had a 81 caddy ran really good neded a head gasket
You could call her Leota, as in Madame from the Haunted Mansion. 👍👍🇬🇧🇬🇧
Definitely want to see this thing back to its original glory
Firrreeeeeee lmao
Man I hope there is a part 2 this cadillac video was hilarious because it's just so terrible and especially when the drum tried to exit the shop lmfao!! I want to see this thing running good on the originals,
Just goes to show you, even if you get a really good deal on an old Caddy like that, don't do it!
interesting vibe and camera angles with a human behind the camera. Derek doesn't have to stop his train of thought to move the tripod. Similar formula with a twist! I like it!
Been watching the videos since the first revival. Always entertaining. But why so smokey looking?
36:15 this guy found that seating position waaaay too funny lol. 👍👍🇬🇧🤣🇺🇸
I had the same car with same problems I put a 403 olds out of a trans am in it and no more problems 😅
These cars were a nightmare, even when new. I do remember people deactivating that system back then. Overall, the car is in really nice shape. My dad owned a '76 Fleetwood when it was new and the 500ci engine in it ran beautifully and had plenty of power. A 500 swap might be a great solution for this car.
The 80s and early 90s were a horrible time for cars. It’s really a shame.
I recommend Semtex.
That muffler removal had me on floor laughing 🤣
Carb swap it it’s a great shape car get it running
Milwaukee for the win.
Hey man. Throwback. What ever happened with the ol 602 tractor?
Woops spoke to soon, someone else is shop.
Through a Q jet and drive it
I am a man that has owned around 50 Cadillacs for my own use from the late 70s to present and currently have a 1989 white brougham 4 door cadillac with the much wanted 307 oldsmobile cast iron V8 with carburetor.  That V8 6 to 4 engine, heres what mechanics di to those for people.  The valve covers were removed and the electronics were removed from the valve covers and they were converted to being the standard V8 without the 8 6 and 4.  They are the 366 CI and are shockingly the lifetime same 500 CI cadillac cast iron block and heads.  After removiomg the 8 and 6 and 4 junk, that engine will last forever
Thanks for alll the videos; on this one your patience was unbelievable! I would have thrown a lit match at it when fuel was leaking out the exhaust! Keep up the great work!
Engine swap and simplify all that junk under the hood.  Or sell as is.  Parts for that will be a nightmare..
Sure sounds like the starter staying engaged.
Dood wut du - - - -!  Can you spell car lift? Or even floor Jack??
I have heard that these 80s caddies did not like too much octane, running premium would trigger misfires and CELs
You gave it a good try but cant win them all. If you were to keep it I would pull all that crap out of it and out a Holley Terminator unit on it and be done........or a 5.3L swap? Any way, keep up the great work, love the channel.
dump it
love these vids, Derek, "send help"
I'd be tempted to throw a 350 into it if it can't be converted to carb, throw away all the electronic stuff it doesn't need because it looks like half of it doesn't work anyway. The guts of the engine might be good, but all that crap connected to it is proving to be an absolute nightmare
Derrick, If you ever get a Milwaukee sponsor I'll buy shitloads of Milwaukee they're ny favorite tools.
I live in a small town called Mountain Home Arkansas and own a shop here, and I gotta say, Nothing I hate more than not being able to get parts. That's the only thing I hate about my home town lol. I'm sure the customers hate it too hahaha
Another fine GM product.
Been away for awhile, enjoyed the upgrades, while staying true to your humble roots, ie the "bus ride" Merry Christmas
Tannerite is always a viable option...
If you take a jumper wire to the sad cable and happy cable it will reset least I know it works on newer gen chev
"...a zero guarantee!!"
This is what happens when you let geeky “rocket scientists” design a car engine!!! They make it SO sophisticated and loaded down with unnecessary gadgetry and computerized rocket propulsion sensors that it can barely FUNCTION at all!!!  Never ( NEVER ) let Dexter ( from the cartoon “Dexter’s Lab” ) build you a car engine!!! There must be THOUSANDS of these  “geeked-up” cars in wreck yards all across the country!!! Nobody likes the idea of having to take the car to N.A.S.A. to get it SERVICED!!! They only did that for one year because they got SHOUTED DOWN!!! A bad computer means spending thousands on a NEW one!!!
I think I still have the Old GM Tech Computer, it talks to the Old GM 1 & 2 as there was no OBDII, some where in my shop it hides!
Keep it , its a goin ta town rig 😊
1981 was pretty much the low point for the auto industry on just about every level, not the least of which was electronics.    My second brand new car was an '81 Caprice.  One of my friends was the service department foreman at a big Chevy dealer in another state.  I called and told him I was considering a new Caprice, and he highly recommended I avoid the standard V-6 (drivetrain too undersized for the B-body) and of course the notorious 350 diesel.  Both were causing problems and dissatisfied customers.  I took that advice and picked out a very nicely optioned model with a gas V-8.  It was a beautiful car, ran great, and I never had any problems with it in the two years I owned it except for... drum roll... the computer.  1981 was the first year for GM's Computer Command Control, aka the "3-C" system, and it was problematic right from the get-go.  On three or four occasions while driving normally the 3-C light would suddenly come on and the engine would bog down.  After a few seconds the light would go off and the engine would return to running normally.  Each time, back to the dealership for a warranty claim we went, and each time they replaced a PROM and it was fine again for a while.  They told me the computer was glitching and kicking the mixture over to rich, which was why it felt like it was bogging down.  They said they were seeing a lot of similar problems with the 3-C system in the new '81's.  It sounded like they were getting a little exasperated with it.    Online write-ups about the 3-C system confirm that the first couple of model years had issues, but apparently by '84 a lot of the problems were ironed out.  Typical GM especially of that era, using their customers as beta testers.  Other than the recurring computer issues I had zero problems with the Caprice, which was an unusually smooth new car experience for that era.  Many of the V-6 (weak transmissions), diesel 350, and V8-6-4 buyers of that era were not so lucky.
Just carb swap it Derek 😉 as usual
well done for what u did
Derek i must say that i have never seen a brake drum traveling further than the car did, i almost wet myself laughing when it flew off.😂.  Hopefully you got it towed home and got the brain surgery done on it. This why i don't like fuel injection engines.
THINK YOUR RIGHT , ITS HAUNTED
Your'e the King of new sayings. Respect for wrenchers.
I feel like the v8-6-4 could have been a real game changer if public opinion weren't so severely soured so rapidly. Kinda like the Olds JetFire turbo - a few improvements and a better understanding for people owning and servicing them and we could have jumped much further forward much earlier. I fully believe the 500k engineering test because it was likely all done in large quantities and rapidly...not over a long period of time in short bursts, varying weather conditions, etc.
A CAT BANDIT WOULD HAVE THAT OFF IN 5 MIN.
I had a coworker who said that they just deactivated the cylinder deactivation. I was hoping you would just put a carb on it. Course that might be too complicated
Best part about this was the cameraman trying not to laugh
Yeah, I think I speak for a fair number of us when I say that we want to see you throw a fuel toilet (a Carburetor) on top of that thing and drive it on home.  Or a modern aftermarket EFI throttle body, but let's face it, that car deserves a Quadrajet.
I have owned a couple of these. A simple intercept of the high gear signal wire from the driver side of the transmission will bypass the 8-6-4 system. There is also a single pole plug under the hood to bypass the digital computer for analog. Hold the "OFF" and "Warmer" buttons on the AC control for a few seconds to enter the built-in diagnostics. It will allow you to see all sensor values and even cycle all solenoids... enjoy!
The whole exhaust ordeal had me dying of laughter. 🤣 just what I needed 👍
Muffler press for the winage
The way he said it you now who we need right Bill the Science Guy 😅
Derek, this may be the most horrifyingly worthless POS vehicle you've ever attempted to revive, one that needs to be sunk in the ocean, and used as an artificial reef! With that said, how GM, (Garbage Makers), got away with creating, producing, and selling this hunk of shit, is beyond me!  I have a Ford LTD, from that same year, you could drop under the hood, (which would actually fit),  because that's the only way that "thing" is going anywhere, that was my opinion until you figured it out and repaired it! HOLY COW my friend, you truly are a Master Mechanic, and I am 1000% thoroughly impressed! 😂
My dad bought this car brand new back in the day and said it was the worst car he ever bought and promptly got rid of it he also said that everyone he knew that owned or driven the car had disengaged the cylinder deactivation became it was simply garbage
This Caddy ate your lunch. Never saw it happen before.
LEDs are going to look great shining from the back
awesome long video lol.. what a piece of junk,  and how they destroyed those cars back then is disgusting
How much are you asking for?!!? I’ll love to drop an LS in it!!!!
You like red greens son?
breaking muffler off, "Arnold". hahahahahahhahahhahaha
I say either swap out that crap injector system for something else…or  sell it!  Your skill and patience are appreciated.
Computers suck.
I know what model of cadillac I'm never buying.
chrome tools arent good for breaking bolts...........right tool for the job and such....
Lube Guard Platinum or Black better than Lucas for transmissions..............
Only laugh at the moment
Snoop Dog Special! Coupe de Ville!!!
Just trying to get to the fullest and the other one is needed for the same thing as I was thinking of you
No regular sleep
2:03:10 😂 I haven't laughed that hard in a long time. I love this guy!
I know a lot of the folks here might disagree but i think a deep drive into this system and how it works would be an absolutely fascinating long form video. Obviously when its back at Rusty Acres of course. That would definitely be a treat from an educational and entertainment stance. They only made it one year and I think just getting into the weeds on it would absolutely kick ass.
This one is screaming for an LS swap...it would be an awesome ride !
Sounds like a bad coolant temp sensor to me. Just saying.  I was a GM tech for years back in the day. Never dealt with this hodgepodge pre-gen one OBD stuff. But I definitely laughed harder than usual at this video. You’re living my dream life and I and my gear head friends love watching you work. Even though my wife doesn’t get it. God bless you, brother!
Carb swap
Perfect name for that car is Christine.  Thing acted haunted the entire episode.  Should have been your Halloween special! Lol
Sitting on the seat, push back with your legs while actuating the seat motor. You might get a catch on few plastic teeth and be able to work the seat back on the slides
Put a Holly Sniper on it. You already have a new o2 sensor installed 😂
Carb swap it. Nothing like all that extra suffering...🤣
We need a part 2!
You have more patience than any normal human being I know unless it was off camera I would have been throwing tools left and right, man how aggravating that had to be
Get a computer and fix it.
Voltage is a must!
Oh how I want to see Derrick relive the printer scene from Office Space with this thing. Incredible composure and humor as always!
Swap  in a 425 from a late 70's cadillac
Sell that demonically possessed vehicle asap. You gave it your best shot but it’s not worth investing anymore time or money in that failed GM experiment. Thanks for the video and all your hard work. I really appreciate you!
I thought he was die there once it started all v8s.  Dude was sucking in all them years.
BRIGGS AND STRATTON, WON THE CONTRCT, THAT YEAR.
2:03 Wagon Wheel!!  LMFAO!  I vote for a carb-swap and kick all that TBI stuff to the curb.
Loved the holiday card that came with my new hat
LS swap fo sho. ! Nope burn it.  This one was hard to watch.  Could see you weren’t even havin any fun anymore.  Uffda. You were a trooper on this one Derek.
Fun to watch. .Agreed I owned one Worst engine Cadillac ever made
I would start by getting a scan tool and check for codes , that was a complex system , the new pcm control systems  OBD II are the best to diagnose
My uncle Frank had one   He was always getting it towed
2:03:08 you're welcome lol
Rotella oil no longer has a high zinc content.
41:14  An injector is a one way valve.  You can clean it by shooting carb cleaner in the cylinder head end.  Also whacking it on the fuel rail end can break it loose if it's stuck.  Think of it like a plunger plugging a hole.  Fuel pressure pushes on the back of the plunger to keep it closed.  When it gets power the plunger gets pulled out of the hole letting fuel out. Also, only use a 9V battery like Derek showed.  If you try to use full 12V battery voltage it's really easy to melt the coil.  They are only meant to be pulsed with power.  They aren't meant to be on all the time.
this was so much fun to watch!
A Cadillac is a complete different creature.
Derek I really Applaude your work. It is almost impossible to sit back as a spectator and decide what you should do. I beleive you need to get the Computer - I really think it is shot. As those genisus from Cadillac and research before putting another moment of your effort into it. The sensor to detect fuel in not working because the computer is saying "Give me More!!!!" I really Love your Videos! the 71 Chevelle video was awesome. It was nearly the  same as the one I bought in 1971. Same color blue 307. Keep at it and love to see you break the 12 second barrier! We will keep watching you each week,
That cars mint!!!!!!!!! It's worth a better motor
Love your videos and your new TV show. I watch them while running on my treadmill. The closed caption translations of your unique mechanical vernacular is hilarious!  Hate seeing you unsuccessful on this Caddie. You gotta get somebody to help. No shame in that!  In the Army I learned the value of teamwork. Get after it. Never quit!
90 minutes in and I’m suffering from PTSD and shouting, “Find a cliff and push it over!”
TWO-AND-ONE-HALF-HOURS for a video which should have been 30 seconds.  "Will it run and drive 500 miles? No -- it wouldn't run and drive 5 miles when it was brand new. It was designed by the Government, and built by Unions; of course it doesn't work. Scrap it, and get a real car."
You have met your match today dude.
You really gave it a hot go it was doing my head in too at least you got it running and driving thanks for the laughs as per usual
Nerves of steal Sir.,,,, all I can say
You could put a FM-Transmitter into it. Would be kinda new computer :)
Love your channel Derek, best automotive content creator hands-down!  But please, let this over-produced episode be one-off, we like you better when it's just you, your camera and LoneWolf 6000!
Sounds like it needs a good old 472 replacement kit. Old school in newer school maybe  ?
I was starting to suspect that the engine coolant temperature sensor what be the culprit. If that sensor is bad in any way it would definitely cause air fuel mixture issues
That’s a three body trunk there👍👍👍
Loved this episode!
back in 83, in vo tech school, all the older folk thought this was the shit ha ha. on paper it does i guess.
The highlight of the video 2:03:07 😂
You have a great example of the worst Cadillac ever built, take pride!   Any chance it has a second 02 sensor aft of the resonator or muffler?   Not that it matters because you've still only got a huge doorstop.  I was thinking you could drop a new engine in it but without the old ass computers, nothing on the dashboard is going to work, will it? Sad car.
Can't win em all but that was extremely entertaining! Thanks Derek! ✌🏻
Put a big fat carburetor on it and a big healthy shot of nitrous
I remember a family friend had one. It could never stay in 4 cyl mode ever. Even as a v8 it would barely move this tank.
It is crazy, but I can smell and taste the muffler.  The worst sort of ASMR.  LOL  That Caddy definitely doesn't zigg.
Manifold temperature sensor can do that.
Watching you try and get in and out of that seat was worth the price of 🎟️ right there, Derek.  😂
It may be your biggest challenge ever but I hope you succeed and show in a video how you fixed the problems with keeping it all original
Those safety glasses in the top of the first "supply box's" would have helped under the car :D haha
Probably be wise to invest in a fuel pressure tester and the gm throttle body adaptor for reading pressure
It makes me laugh when you struggle with stuff like the muffler, but i wish you'd wear safety goggles.  Great content, as always.
Make a new vice
Any chance you could try to restore it to 8-6-4 original status? I know not practical in the real world, but for Youtube could be fun, seeing the 8-6-4 light on the dash, knowing this is one of the few working engines.
Awesome video as usual
and this is WHY YOU DON'T BUY A CHEVY WITH AFM OR DFM
I wanna see u put a hot rod engine in it!!!!
FYI if you hold the throttle fully open while cranking the computer will go into it’s known as clear flood mode, and shut off the injector to burn off any excess fuel most fuel injector vehicles have this feature
Lesson to be had here. Don't buy old tbi Cadillacs.
HRG would clean out the engine bay and install an LS.   Do ittttttt
Remove the "fuel injection" system.  Put a carb on it.  Good luck!
1.6 mill views in 5.8 days ... im not wondering how or why but yet i am 😊.  Bravo VVG
Dude, wear eye protection when cutting metal.  I did the same thing you did- close my eyes, but still managed to get metal in one.  Didn't even know it had happened till about a week later.  That's because the metal is hot, and it burns itself into your cornea.  You don't even feel it.  Then, as the days go by, it works its way to the surface.  Which, in my case once that happened, it felt like I had something stuck in my eye.  First eye doc removed the metal, but had to refer me to a different one to remove the rust.  Yes, rust.  Because it had been in there for a while.  That doc got the rust out, sent me home with some antibiotic drops, but I still ended up in the ER later that Friday night, with an ulcerated cornea.  (Deep abrasion, basically.)  The only thing that saved me was having Proparacaine drops.  The drops that, as soon as you put them in, makes it feel like whatever was in your eye is now suddenly gone.  And the ER doc didn't even want to send me home with them, after she was told by the on-call opthamologist at another hospital that they would delay healing, and I should not use them.  But she'd already given them to me prior to speaking with that other doc, and apparently forgot she'd done so, so they went with me!  I had to put ointment and those drops and antibiotic drops into my eye 5x's a day for the full week it took for my cornea to heal itself.  Which I learned, it does.  But in the meantime, your cornea gets scratched all to hell, and you're absolutely miserable, without those eye-numbing drops.  TL;DR   Don't do that.  I've gotten shit in my eyes 4x's in my life (twice wasn't my fault, and the other time I was only 16, grinding metal, and just didn't know any better) that sent me to the eye doc to get removed, so now, I won't even make a simple cut (I'm actually a carpenter) without first putting on eye protection.  And, love your projects!
I feel your pain 😢
AWSOME video. You have tons of patience. I loved it. But listen. Here’s what needs to happen. You have to figure out and fix what ever sensor or what ever it is to get it fixed correctly, just to prove it ain’t gonna whoop ya. Then sale it to whistling diesel. Set back and enjoy the show, laughing all the way.
I want to send it to the crusher just watching the video.
The battle with the muffler was pure comedic gold!
Sale As Is lol
My wife's summer daily is a 1983 ford crown vic and it has T.B.I. it seems to work, it also has pipes and wires going everywhere, under all this nonsense is a 302 V8. I also have a 1992 chevy truck with a 305 V8 with T.B.I.  They don't like to idle especially when it's cold, but we run them.
Put a carb on
Kevin Costner, acting genius.."Waterworld" what a super fantastic movie. Probably the greatest movie in the history of movies. And you know what, if you watch it backwards it has an ending! bwahahahahahahaa
I think that you would be doing everyone a great service showing how to convert this early throttle body injection back to carburetor induction system , preferably a correct pre computerized quadrajet. Also get rid of the goofy solenoids under the valve covers, get earlier model year valve covers. Eliminate computer control of the engine and drivetrain.   It would be great for someone to market a retrofit kit to do so for these early  throttle body injection systems .😅
Probably MAF isnt connected so it doesnt know how much air is going into the engine
Your hit rate is still very impressive. Great episode.
I think you had easier times broken down on the road side than in a garage with that Cadillac.
NO IT WONT what a waste of 2 hours of my life
Although you weren’t able to get it back home I loved this episode.
This should have been titled: what is happening
At least you had as decent warm shop to work in this time. Great for you!
25:37 hahahahha😂 pop the hood on the Apollo 11! Was waiting when you first opened the hood for the “look at all this aleeon (aye-leon) technology!”
Temp sensor!!!! Gms default to negative temperature when switch goes bad it dumps extra fuel to try and help with a ‘cold start’ when the temps are way above negative!!!!!!!!
Though a sniper II on it, I want to see you cruising down the road.
Can it just get a regular carburetor and bypass the entire injection system? Asking for a friend
I'm a huge fan of leaving things stock. But because this engine is so problematic, I'd drop a Chevy 350 in it.
Maybe a little lube around thinges that go thru o ring would make it easier.
He is the Steve Erwin of the automotive world. Every project I watch I think “why is he touching that, he’s going to get hurt doing that, or he has no regard for his own safety” but it’s so entertaining and informative. I can’t stop watching!! 😂
Hey how are you doing? Just wanted to know if you guys OK I heard Tennessee got hit with a F2 tornado. Just want to make sure that you guys are OK and if not, we are praying for you me and my family and if you guys OK glory to God to that. May you have a awesome Christmas my brother take care my prayers go out to Tennessee and families.
34:32 Shat my pants, thanks to a guy
You sliding out of the car gives off big trailer park boys vibes lol Ricky shuffling out of the New Yorker
you make me so happy to not be the only one whom has to punch dolphins when im working on cars.
How do you find these odd cars. You have a lot more patience with those computer and vacuum lines than I do. I would of let her set sail sooner than you did. LOL Great show do you have a shop that you are letting the public visit? Would love to take a road trip out and see you and meet you.
Rust, mouse poop, confusion, frustration, toxic fumes.  all the essential ingredients of a car ressurection....  O'Reilly needs to invest in an exhaust fan system..  happy Holidays!
Or just put a used 350 motor in it. Or remove the useless tech it has and run it as a V8.  Would it need a new computer?
Also, exhaust system work - no grinding wheel.  The proper, approved method is spending two hours on your back in a wet gutter with a hacksaw upside down and backwards; ideally having no leverage whatsoever.
Im torn between a carbureted small block swap or adding a modern fuel injection system like a sniper or atomic. Would love to see some of the older efi cars live on with an updated efi system
Replace it with crate engine?
Love your videos; bring back memories - "Did I really need that piece?  Apparently not."  "That's almost close enough..it works!"  Somewhere in my mothers house there still might be a milk crate of "extra" parts that 100,000 plus miles of driving proved a '78 Sedan de Ville didn't need!
I sing i believe i can fly when repairs arent going well lol This was a tough one  but i stayed till the end what a hunk of trash that engine is omg Yeah flames time shut it down
I would do a sbc or ls swap and make it a burnout car or drag car. Probably easier than dealing with that mess
The screws on top of the injectors adjust the amount of fuel going through the injectors. Adjust those puppys so theres less fuel going through thems.
Get an aftermarket EFI kit like the sniper or something
Where did your brother get the bf tattoo  I know that brand
I had an 82 Coupe de Ville  with the fuel injected 4100 which also was a very controversial engine.  Mine ran good, it was a gutless wonder but it would pull 24 mpg all day long and as one would expect from a Caddy, it rode like a dream on the highway at 80 mph.  I got rid of it with close to 200k miles on it and it was still running strong.
The problem is the penzoil oil filter. With Wix Derek would be already home
If a guy has the budget for it, I think a Holley Sniper EFI kit might be the answer...
Toilet bowl injection living up to its name
Corporate sponsor and corporate shop.. vehicle is junk.. works in a field by himself and drive car home 1500 miles.   Changes format for no good reason except for a sponsor
When I was 18 back in 92 I bought a 1981 El Dorado with the 468. I brought it to my mechanic who stated its actually not a bad engine if you disconnect the 4 and 6. I did that and the engine ran off 8 all the time. I owned it for a decent amount of time and used it as my daily driver. Never had any issues with the engine the whole time.
The brake drum couldn't wait to get away from that colossal POS.
ford tempo was a good one for the automatic choking seat belts.
LS swap errr itll run forever 😂
The catalytic converter thieves most be thinking: Man what an amateur, lol
I worked for GMAC  when the Cadillac  4/6/8 engine came out in 81. I was a credit rep in  Portland Oregon .We were constantly  setting up Product Complaints from Owners who shelled out $36,000 for a car that left them doing 20mph on the sholder of interstate 80 by Multnomah  falls for 3hrs trying to limp back to portland. People walked away from their loans. In droves. This was 2 yrs after Gm's famous  1979 diesel engine in pickups that had s 100% fail rate by 20,000 miles. And that was sfter the famous  Chevy Vegas with the warped blocks. Roger Smith was head of GM and platformed all the cars to make more money. He began the destruction  of GM. Eventually  Selling the one thing that kept the company afloat,  GMAC,the finance arm of GM. Later came bankruptcy  and droping Pontiac, oldsmobile,ect.😢
Sell your cats to ABCat tech for top dollar I just got $793 a piece for the cats off the 7 super duty I had come into this spring in TX they alhad 3 cats 1 on each manifold and 1 between the Y-pipe and the 4 or 5 foot Ford mufflers and with 3 empty 53 ft flatdecks it was worth loading them up with the rears together and strapping some crown vics on the 4 with flatbeds turned a pacer upside down in the longbed got a couple round back wagons a few prerun derby cars few Toyota cameras and cavaliers the 2 shortness got engines tranys fuel cells derby shifters and pedals when we went to the Minnesota throw down derby with my square body utility bed and 30 ft gooseneck with a round back wagon and 2 camerys all the cats I sold paid for the trip and the whole weekend my boys got to meet new people and run a new place and I sold the round back as a roller for just shy of what I paid for it as a driver the people up north couldn't believe the lack of rust several guys gave me a shopping list and their budget with a couple of my connections in TX and NV and the people they know with piles of cars in AZ and NM hopefully my winter is busy hauling cars to northern UT MN just outside Pittsburgh PA and upstate NY I have almost everything I've been asked for in my yard but Midwestern vehicles aren't as clean as desert vehicles and I can get them way cheaper than I can sell them for just to be welded up and crashed
Carb swap? Illegal as per the EPA
No such thing as a carb swap. wishful thinking.   You are tackling the biggest cluster F#@k Gm ever came out with.  BTW.  you press= off and warmer = to get codes. Not off and higher.  There was no handheld scan tool for 81 Caddys, just the dash panel. And if they did make one It was one year only, and AC Delco charged you about $7-9,000 for it.   I suggest you have your generic book out telling you what buttons to push in what sequence to get codes for which system, engine trans, HVAC cruise etc.,   what value you have for, say TPS, MAP, rpm etc. and join and in.  The worst problem you will encounter is all the genius 6th grade dropout that have previously molested the poor caddy. Once you get all the molestation restored to factory specs, pull and correct the codes the car has make sure the mechanical stuff is in good order (don't worry about computer crap just yet, good fuel and pressure and good plugs and wires, and no vacuum leaks, THEN you might consider a bad ECM.  One good thing they don't need 'flashed' or a prom updated or any of that later model stuff (newer than 1988 or so. When you put yourself in the engineers' shoes with the EPA, national traffic safety folks, CAFE (corporate average fuel economy) consumers, upper management and on and on, it's a miracle they got the damn thing off the assembly line at all.  Seriously, if those guys could commit suicide 3 times a day, they would. They were given a task that was so close to impossible I bet there are not 5 of the original engineers alive today. Dealerships could not keep techs no matter what they paid them. They would not stay fixed more than a week or two in a row. And it wasn't just GM, Ford and Mopar had their fair share of cluster f38kstoo. Amazingly the japs fairs\ed quite well in the early days of on-board computers, Europe, not so well but still better than the big 3. I don't know but maybe Edelbrock makes an intake for this beast now. Then just gut your Distibutor and convert it to a standard HEI or buy a red cap Chinese one for $69.95, then put an Edelbrock carb on OR HAVE A MACHINIST make you an adapter to put a carb on your intake. Maybe Ebay has one now!  I started running away from those things in about 1985 and have not slowed down since. Never again for me. Maybe you will get to that point too. Good luck.
I can it becoming a future burnout car, derek.....with a little love of course lol
I just about died laughing when he inhaled the dust from the back of the driver seat 😂
I blame cadillac for intrudicing the idea of cylinder deactivation bullshit, ford, dodge(fiat), gm, any brand really cant keep any of their timing /valve terrain components from self destructing because of this "gas saving, economy friendly" feature🙄
Ya know there's videos somewhere i watched about pulling those TBI systems apart and rebuilding them I'll be durned if i can remember where but I got a graduation sticker for passing the class that says YouTube certified mechanic so maybe it was on fakebook
I had a 91 Camry with automatic seatbelts and I miss it
I would love to see this one torn down to see what all that mess is under the hood.
oh and it sounds like temp sensor i had a chevy tbi do that
tbi is very reliable i own two on chevy trucks ones at 400k other about the same but that goofy crap they put in that car was not necessary
Camera shakes  like granny😂
Yes carb swap a old Q-jet
Derek, you are brilliant
Map sensor probably bad
At least the tires look good
yes screw driver through it twist the pos off
always do a fluid and filter change on trans and since its th400 get a wire mesh filter not oriellys/autozone paper crap and double o ring pick up tube case side
loved the show man and how about a derby car it be cool for you to build one out of this one or buy one and drive it to the dirby then smash her up idk just given some ideas.
Carb swap would be cool. Much easier to work on and I would trust it over 40 year old electronics any day. That car is too clean to just give up on it. Put a carb on it and drive it a bit.
This was a good episode
Love watching these videos.
yes yes and yes ,,,,,,hee hee Drum roll please
SELL SELL SELL! I don't want to see you torture yourself any further. :)
So you're saying if I can rebuild a tbi then I can definitely rebuild a carb? Never done a carb but went through my S10's whole tbi one time. I was laughing pretty good at this one 😂
When the brake drum departed I lost it 😂😂… I hit pause and collected myself.. Then Derek says like a little kid  “That was cool” and I rolled right off the couch😂😂😂😂😂😂
Put a modern day fuel injection system on it like the9 Holly sniper, but get the 4, 6, 8 system working with a Haltec ecu system.
Open fuel tank and jumping a fuel pump, nothing can go wrong there...
What about the fuel filter
Carb seems to be the only way it's ever gonna work correctly. Or not. Idk
The muffler removal got me 😂. Need to wear a dust mask or something lol
Yo seriously D.  How do you go from unplugging and replugging, hitting your elbow and car starts and no explanation...killing me bro
I could fi that in a flash I wish I could go back in the field or help you
There's ur answer. Just needs an ignition switch. Fixed.
look up for mouse damage!!
also who was filming???
dude this episode had me laughing. first thing was the seat all the way forward that couldn't move back. then it starting and running then suddenly dying again. . . and again. . . and again.  then the rum falling off and running away from the car and then finally something i wasn't expecting is at the end with the backfire, and your laugh after you tried starting it to put it back out. i now it's not an OBD2 car but does it have an o2 sensor after the cat?? and if so i kow that on the obd2 cars it will throw the check engine light on for that since you removed the cat.  if that is the case, just get a fake 02 sensor and that would fix that problem
If u go Springfield there a bubby pick and pull are awesome people
SOOO appreciate you told us what you paid for the car. I wonder about that every episode. If you can please keep that up....also...love you have a camera person...feels like it gives you more time to focus on the work and being funny. ..loved it and apparently so did 1.5 Million in 5 days. Congrats and we'll deserved.
Uhmmm is that amount of smoke in O'REILLYs garage OSHA approved???😂😂😂
I had a friend who was like Derek with cars. His wife had a 80s model fleetwood they called the boat. Well one day the crank snapped in half and run on 4 cylinders. So his father being who he was went to a junkyard and got  500 out an old caddy.  To watch him work cutting out vacuum systems and other things saying don’t need that and that and that. Once he was done installing that beast of a motor fired right up. Never been in a caddy with so much power as you sink right in the seats when you floored it. They had that car for years and never gave them any trouble. His father said when you over complicate an engine is when you start having so many issues down the road. He sure was anti tech on cars.   So put a 500 swap in there and have fun with the caddy.
I knew the owner of the Pasadena, CA dealer back in the '80's...he told me buyers would pick up their new car in those first days, and it would fail on the way home...and they would have no way to fix them for a month or more.  He said it was nightmare from start to finish when they first were delivered.  I also had a neighbor who bought one of the first Chevy Pickup trucks with the 350 V8 Diesel....HIS experience with that POS was an explosion and shattered driveshaft on the freeway....Dark days for GM at the time.
My mother had a later caddy.  They really sucked after the 70s. 😢
TBI can be a huge pain, I daily a 93 Silverado with a similar system, When it works, it works great, I had to rebuild mine a few years back. As soon as I saw those injectors and the way how Derek had to force them in there, it brought back horrible memories, I probably went through 20 little O-rings trying to get those to seat without tearing, and it would cause a similar issue to what he was facing, but since that whole system there was a mess and also 12 years older, I'm sure that there were many other problems at hand...
Love to see the hard work you of into your vehicles. This was one of my favorite videos.
The repair antics were gold in this one
My suggestion is to donate it to Demo for his next range day.
i would guess the coolant temp and/or map sensor is reading inaccurately
The cursedillac
This is the first time I have ever said anything negative on your channel but I have to make you aware that your camera guy is very shaky and seems to have a very hard time keeping what you are working on in focus and it makes me dizzy and almost unwatchable.... what im saying is , you did a much better job on your own..... other than that great show as usual
Leave 1 plugged in, i had an aunt had a 1980 of the samething & my grandfather was a master mechanic we had a fleetwoodbroughm 1986 with the same problem & we left 1 plugged in?¿ 🤩😍❤️😍🤩🤩😍🤩😍🤩😍🤩❤️
This era GM - and especially Cadillac - was pretty bad. Hopeless, really. Every once in a while one of them miraculously runs a long time and is ok. But mostly, nah.
i  agree with comments below,  that Derek showed incredible heart working on this vehicle.  great example for all of us.  cannot do better than that. ...  really ...
Derk. You knew 4 days ago you was gonna hafta carb swap it. Do you put yourself AND us through the 2 hour 20 minute pain on purpose? Anyways, thanks for the show.
At 2:19:32 camera man grab a bottle of water 😂
I swear I was crying with the "its in my soul comment". Dude needs to be a stand up comic. LOL
For me, this was the most stressful episode of Vice Grip Garage ever. The way you stuck with it was impressive though! Cantankerous Caddy… the ole gal wasn’t having any of it. Heck… even the brake drum had enough of her. I have a couple thoughts on those solenoids if you’re interested. If not, just ignore the following. You tested the solenoids with a 9V battery and you got them “opening” and “closing” or “ON” and “OFF”after some cleaning and finagling of parts. More precise full ON and full OFF if that makes any sense, I dunno. Well, that could be fine if they operate always full ON or full OFF even if they’re a little “sticky” but I don’t think they do. If I were to guess, they’re controlled with PWM signals from the computer. I’m spitballing here. If you’re still reading… WHY? 😜 Well, you must be committed now. To continue, PWM will turn ON and OFF the solenoid to regulate the fuel delivery. With a possible “stinky” solenoid, I wonder if a PWM signal will OPEN and CLOSE the solenoid to operate as needed. It may be all ON or all OFF or somewhere in between. Hence, the dripping fuel after the key is OFF. Resetting the computer as you did several times, could and probably did pull the solenoid back to a position it needed to start running. Once the PWM signal starting fighting with the “sticky” solenoid… oops,  two “sticky” solenoids, it flooded/locked. In the episode, you said it ran for longer periods of time. That kinda tells me the computer is doing its thing. So many sensors play roles in this, I may be way off with in my thinking. Although, I do have some experience with DC and AC solenoids. Can you test the signal to the solenoids? I’d have to refresh my memory on the internet. But… I believe you can with some digital multimeters. Duty cycle, percent of voltage, or something along those lines… maybe? 🤷🏼‍♂️ Oscilloscope? Probably? Maybe? Like I said, I’m spitballing. An oscilloscope would probably give you a good visual of the signal to the solenoids. If you’re still reading… WHY? 😜 I apologize for such a long comment. I just wanted to throw out some ideas. I hope you revisit that dang Cantankerous Caddy in an episode soon. Did you soak the solenoid coils in cleaner? Did I see that in the episode? May not have been a good thing. I appreciate your support of veterans. Kind regards and respect, Doug.
Loved the episode, who's the new cameraman/person?
I think you said it best. Tannerite might be the best option here.
Hang in there Derek. Someone will be able to set you on the right course. I’m looking forward to your first drive in that electrical monster.
The one and only 81,  4-6-8 Cadillac. Derek, you'll never fix it correctly, and it's not your fault.
Derek really beat himself up taking the muffler off.   his cut-off tool i call a "spinning disk" tool.  just using that without total protection for face/eyes and hands/arms ...,   strange he would do that.  he knows better.
Great vid, Derek!  Would enjoy seeing you solving the fuel issue.  Sure wonder if those injectors were actually any good after being frozen for so long.  Also, saw several comments about a coolant sensor that could help.  Just seeing if swapping out a few sensors like you did with the O2 would be interesting.  I bet you would be able to solve the issue if time allowed.
Get it running and call it Bea Arthur, since you already have a Betty White.
This engine is the definition of the idea “ahead of its time”
That's exactly why I like the ol' bowl, float and cable make it happener set up.😂 Way to hang in there Derrick! See you the next one.
I love the safety glasses package (20:00 min. mark) in the box of parts that never got used for the muffler sparks or the cat removal.  You can get your money back for those.  At least you had good intentions.  :)
What a test of patience. Thanks for seeing it through.Lessons learned for sure. Love ya dude!
That battle you had with the muffler  just killed me.. lol!😂
If only you could have got it up to speed on the highway....then drove it off a cliff!😅
81 also had a 4.1 v6 with a 4 barrel qjet
fingers crossed you revisit this and get it running with the original configuration of 8/6/4
coolant temp sensor for sure. goes bad and causes the fuel dump
Cars to never buy; Any car with cylinder management.  Check.
Even when he loses he wins
I'm glad I'm not the only one having this problem with a TBI system.
I would have the same mentality if I did this with thousands of people watching too lol! But it if was just me id be done 😂
Hey whenever you get it running how much will you sell it for I like it
Best episode yet
I would check the coolant temp sensor, also the connection with the to corrosion on it after you plugged it in the car ran a lot better,that was probably the coolant temp sensor. The coolant temp sensor will default to minus 40 degrees and gives the car the fuel it needs for minus 40 degrees.
Good candidate for a Ls swap!
I don't miss being a mechanic in the early 90s. All those vacuum lines & emission sensors that function crappie all the time.
Best episode in a long time. Great Content!!
40 years later cylinder management is still a HOT MESS... and they say we landed on the moon 🤣 🤣 🤣
How about converting it to a full electric? Plenty of space for batteries.
My late aunt and uncle had one of these. I think they put about 1500 miles on it before they got rid of it in favor of a Sedan deVille equipped with a 'normal' engine. The thing was a nighmare.
Put an LT-1 into it and call it a day and a conversion may have been faster...
Carb swap it and then take it on a short road trip, then sell it.
If it has a Coolant Temperature Sensor, unplug it. GM Throttle bodies are notorious for dumping fuel when the ECT sensor goes bad. Unplugging it will put it into a more neutral state and allow it to run. My 90 model showed -256 degrees on scanner and DUMPED fuel. Unplugged until I got a new one. HTH!
The prettier they are, the harder they're harder to fix.
I love how mine and Derek's first experiences rebuilding TBI systems were the same
Yup, non-German/Japnaese engine management of the 80s just spells disaster waiting to happen. Course, whack a MaxxECU on there and she'll run sweet as a nut 😉
This was a good one. And that is a great looking car. I like it. LS swap..  or maybe a small duramax swap.
Normally  i would suggest replacing the muffler bearings. But seeing that you removed the muffler you should check the headlight bearings instead.
Enjoy the videos, but can you edit them down a bit? Feature film length YouTube videos are a bit hard for me to get through.
I dont think your heart was in this one
Redo the injection looked like a  disaster waiting
DUDE - Can I send you a pair of protective goggles!  Yikes man, we want more VGG - can't do it too good if'n yur blinded!
well I waited a while before watching this one. The good old trusty 4,6,8. Sucker. I satrted with Pontiac in 88 and every once and a while a guy would say I got a caddy to trade in but, she will need a tow. Yep that enngies only rival was the 84 aluminum block that was done at 60k. So, the big question nice car all you need is a crate engine. which one did you put in.
Watching this reminds why I don't have a cadillac
Oldsmobile hubcaps?
Will everybody can see that a guy is just a guy now can't make them all work the first hate to see you fail would love to see a carburetor swap just to make it drive under it's own power for a win
Tannerite sounds like a good idea
How much u selling it for, my son needs a fun car
Good looking fuel tank !
Gotta ‘90 accord that had the auto seatbelt chokers 😭
Low battery voltage or inconsistencies in battery voltage can cause the computer to not operate correctly.
I know that frustration. Some things just can't be fixed. 80's era digicals are a perfect example! Keep up the good work!
6L LS swappage!
Man you gave it the full diagnostics short of electronic monitoring in real time . Massively entertaining and illuminating so hey, the Bloody Coup happened without bloodshed. Pass it on to someone for novelty value mebbe?
9 volt batt on the 5 volt injector did it -   Awesome !
This is the first one that I've seen you have to give up on!  I think you should get it running OEM. Don't let it defeat you!
so i haven't as of this monument i have yet to watch the entire video. but welcome to tbi. i dont think i like em to much and i just rebuilt my first one a month ago. yes the can be great but also pain in the  ass
My 89 Brougham came factory with a quadrabog, a buddy and I swapped a tbi system off an 89 pick up. I had an intermittent high/ low rough idle issue, ended up being the control module in the distributor. Map sensor, temp sensor, and IAC can cause idle issues on those tbi units. Also, I love that single cab Cadillac!
It’s not the computer. You messed up the injectors earlier. Replace them
Hint:  You're going to need a service manual   LOL
Check every Fuse after battery installation !
Those soft velvet seats would be sooooo easy to fall asleep in on a nice warm sunny day. They don’t make them like the used to.
I was a Chevrolet , Oldsmobile , Cadillac , service technician  1977 - 1987  at which point I was  Committed to “ home care “ for a nervous disorder .     I am currently … OK  thank you big guy ! -=+ vit   Ooo yeah    All ok now  yes sir  -   Thanks for the cool video   No ptsd at all , hardly .
A man's got to know his limitations.   This is an unwinnable fight.
Can you imagine one of these cars with a nice big block Chevrolet  V-8 engine ?
Ls swap
Nice looking Cadillac Coupe de Ville  !   Didn’t see hail hammering -  shame on me .
LS SWAP for ls fest next year
Looks like Volvo electrics. Do a BMW M60 swap and pop a pinwheel in the zorst
I’ll take it send it to Cali I got a Sbc with aluminum heads and a cam wating for it
Do the carb swap. Junk the tbi unit. Bad design. The Q-Jet is tried and true. Like to see it happen on the rig. ...and it Will run
I've been fast forwarding through this but back in the day cts  switch was a problem. I also never saw you try to check for  codes, maybe you did while i was forwarding i also think these have to be at engine temp and in lockup before it sets the idle speed
Best episode ever. Keep going.
I was 16? 17? Around the late 80’s this old lady was selling a Caddy just like this one except it had light brown leather and this 8-6-4 motor. I drove it around and it ran like crap. It sat in her driveway for years.. I moved away and always wondered what happened with that piece.   Can’t blame GM too badly, frikin Gubbernit mandates. Busy bodies sticking their extra long noses into everyone’s life. Kinda like today, Cept we have a zombie as the titular head of it.
Everyone on here applauding you for the patience and perseverance. I appreciate it for the self induced pain and suffering. All my favorite cars are things that are just pure misery, I think it’s good for me.  And yes one of those is on my list.
The muffler removal was the best part. I laughed so hard.
I like your disclaimer... Similar to Salty Cracker REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Yep my grandparents had a 4-door Cadillac that was like that it would drop cylinders the faster you go
A FELLER ONLY NEEDS 1 INJECTOR FOR 4 CYLINDER V8S
My stepdad had one same color, but the top was baby blue. It was a nice car back in the day.
Sean was here 🎉🎉
LS Swap er!
It would be great to see you getting running properly when you get it home.
You hung in there like a Champ!     I’m So glad I’m not a mechanic.
And GM still can't perfect it just look at the modern DOD engines of today for example the 5.3 and 6.2 just goggle the complaints
Derek has some patience, i wouldve carb swapped it immediately
Stick a carb on it!😉
this made me never want to get a early EFI car lol
U had me ROLLIN when u where ripping the exhaust apart 😂😂.   Well u tried everything.     So now just take to a junk yard and light it on 🔥 🔥  🔥
I don’t know about Honda but I definitely know Nissan Maxima had the automatic shoulder belt employment thank you for your effort
Now I know why a feller doesn’t usually do revivals on the later EFI cars.  I don’t think I’ve ever seen you so frustrated!!  I would have been cursing and throwing things myself!  It’s a really nice car besides the digical gremlins.  I hope you bring it back and get it running well after some research.  Great video!
LOL, that muffler deletion cracked me up !!,,, Thanks Derek
Muffler press for the win
Way to keep on it!! Would love to see you get this thing on the road again. More content on this rebuild would be great!
Ads too often and too long.
can you say goggles and a face mask?
My Dad had an Eldorado with that motor, he traded it after 6 months , it was at the dealer more than his driveway
A,centrick,💤
I am exhsusted after watching that . Never laughed so much . That thing is a nightmare . Thank god my Granada has a carb . Thanks for the priceless entertainment .
Derek you could always take it to the desperado ranch gun range and vent some frustration on it...plus that would make a great video.
That power barn gives me anxiety.
My 80 Lincoln with EFI is not that complicated
DEREK BIERI for PRESIDENT, and I ain't kidding you. What does Trump and Biden have that Derek hasn't. He is smart, talented, hard working and charismatic. I am going to write-in his name on the next ballot. Please join me.
LS swap it, then drop some new shocks in it then sale it
I know there's a general feeling of disdain for the TBI system, but I'm kinda a fan of it. Ita running my 89 'burban currently and I've gotta admit that overall it's quicker to rebuild than a carb, it's actually a pretty simple Martian gizmo to work on, and it provides reliability. Gotta keep em clean though.
Don't give up, I'd love to see what the fix is!
I had one of these
This car looks nice but jeez what a pile of crap. When I was a kid I always thought Cadilac was the US equivalent of Rolls Royce and how wrong I was., please junk this heap or swap the engine for something good.
Great effort dude🥰
The car is in beautiful condition and should be saved.  Maybe rip off all the hoses, wires, relays, pipes, etc, strip it down to a clean big block with a modern carb and msd setup.
Why do people tighten oil filters like axle nuts, please help me understand...
Bring to mythBuster's 😅😅
I also worked on a 2nd Cadillac and put a Oldsmobile 350 in it
Coolant temp swap like the comments suggest or just carb swap it. Looks like a nightmare as it sits. Great vid! The fire at the end sealed the deal.
Derek you are a way better human than I am. I’ve been defeated by a few of those GM throttle body junk boxes.  I worked in a junk yard for a while and it was shocking to see so many of those in great condition get crushed.  Junk when new.
Just do what the factory did and replace the motor with the 350 Oldsmobile motor with a carburetor.  And if you want to stay injected the Cadillac Seville injected step up works well.  GOOD LUCK ON THOSE BUMPER FILLERS 😂  I’ve heard that replacements are available, good luck with that too.  As for the 8/6/4 set up it was as big a joke as the Oldsmobile Dessel .  Cadillacs research was always Oldsmobile. Everything that went on a Cadillac was installed in the previous year Olds. Great example was the Toronto, its front wheel drive came out a year prior to the Cadillac Eldorado.  Have fun find a nice 350 Olds motor and slap a carburetor on it 😂
fuse link
The Muffler Is Not Mufflering! 🤣😂
Ah the 'One Year Engine' - great times indeed :-)
Great episode. Thanks for  a true lesson in patience and perseverance. I always loved old Caddies but I will never go near one of those 9-6-4's after watching this LOL! Merry Christmas Derek, to you and yours. Thanks for all the great entertainment. An episode of VGG can always change a bad day into a good one.
Car is beautiful. Definitely have to get some kind of power train working in it.
Hey, I’m new to building engines, currently trying to rebuild a ford 4.6 2v, would love to see you tear down and rebuild something more like an LS or modular ford. Anything with overhead cams really would be a good addition to the channel
I suggest tossing that engine in the scrap heap where it belongs and putting in some sort of carb'd v8 swap?  Anyway, great episode, despite the outcome. Much respect for the tenacity.  That looked SO frustrating.
It’s good to see an episode where the protagonist simply Failed.  This was a great peer inside a professional’s troubleshooting mind.
Sweet!! OMG I was dying when you were trying to bend the muffler off!  You were moving the muffler 95% and only actually bending it 5%!! Lol All them tools you got, all you had to do was use the grinder a little more.  😆
Anyone else going to throw up with the camera man shaking the whole video 😅😂
Cadillac-lac-lac-lac-lac
puzzling.   A crash course in brain surgery...Metallica
I think you diagnosed it correctly - bad computer. And probably most of the sensors. It looks like you may have bought a flooded car. All the electronics fried + the butcher job someone did with the wiring really can throw a man off. Good job and as always, a fun video to watch.
lets check the earl over here lol
I ain’t bragging but I knew this turd was not driving home immediately when he pulled the air cleaner off.  Once I saw that mess of a horribly designed fuel injector and heard his description of the computerized engine reconfiguration apparatus - and - with all its various sensors and chopped up wiring harness - I said nfw.  I’m actually amazed he got it to start….
You could fix the issue but it would still be an unreliable and under powered mid 80's engine. You can put a carb on it and it would be more reliable, but still under powered. You could put an LS in it and it would be very reliable, have plenty of power and it better fuel mileage... then raffle it off if you don't want it
This car is a full body and mental workout for our host. Derek's going to need a physical after this. "Betty White" was a piece of cake compared to this Cadillac 😁
.... ... .   "I don't understand"
I learned a lot from this video,and that's why I keep watching. Always entertaining and informative.....
Must've been in a flood.
Caddy mechanics got paid well back in the day.
About time you had a challenge!!!
Well that's one way to protect the gas tank.
DUDE I just love watching your videos they make my day!
And those Junk Years is the Reason why I didn't Buy a New Car till 1995!
NO SAFETY GLASSES using a cutoff wheel? You must be superman😗
BE An American Advocate and Demand that Cadillac back up what they sell!!! This car Robbed my grandparents, Who Fought in Pearl Harbor  (that's WW2 , not an auto parts store) of their Retirement. I am Ashamed to call This CAR AMERICAN MADE!  Derek, you have Family,, what if they sold this car to your Grandparents and gave your SAME excuses from the DEALERSHIP(!)?
5.3 swap
As a bit of respite from working on this car, I vote that Derek simply does a junkyard walkaround, and gives us a commentary on the cars he sees. I know I'd be happy seeing that
btw thats a TPS issue. read the resistance of it through the range.
can I have the car? I need a car and this was what we had when I was little.
As Archie and Edith Bunker sang: "Boy our Old Lasalle Ran great", Those Were the Days!
Safety glasses man, come on. :)
4 6 8... a terrible idea at the time. Too ambitious  for the tech we had at the time. Must have been a good idea though because the tech made a resurgance and works now.
Carb swap
I had, in my first car, a 4100 it was a blue eldo, engine blew, had flat lobe on cam shaft, love the car hate the 4100
This engine hurts my brain just looking at it 😂
Do an LS swap on this car. Ordinarily I prefer keeping a vintage car original but in this case that cursed engine should be sent to the crusher.
You can always pull the intake and the cylinder heads and make it carbureted. Oil change the cylinder heads and intake to make a standalone fuel injection by by Holly
I had the 83 iron duke and when it didn't fire uo right away in the winter you'd pull out the fuel pump fuse for a bit. I don't remember exactly but i believe after it fired you'd put the fuse back in.
I would have just put a 350 in it and called it a day
I love the problem solving aspect of your channel.  The comment on learning something new everyday is sort of my mantra.  I think this car just needs an LS swap, some 22's with rubber bands wrapped around 'em and dropped a few inches.  All that said, Youtube is getting ridiculous to watch with an ad every 7.3687 seconds.
The new Betty White😅
Note to Dereks wife, please tell the big goof to wear safety glasses when using cut off wheels!
Fuel issue is throttle positioning switches telling it that it is at full throttle. That is why it is flooding.
CHICKEN........After you CRUSH the Filter, Ya need a BIG HAMMER and Chisel to remove the Plate.......LOL!!!!
Derek, I will bet you my machine shop that you cannot make this car drive 500 miles with all new Cadillac factory designed parts for this car, regardless that you dissolved the plastic parts within the fuel injector system with the Toluene based, 2 cycle fuel. I have a degree in Chemistry,  My grandparents bought one of these New from the Dealership with 120 miles and Cadillac left them with ALL the same Problems you have. I am Ashamed to call this an American Car. Imagine this car running like this NEW FROM THE DEALERSHIP(!)? Then the  CADILLAC Dealership in RENO telling my Senior Grandparents the EXACT SAME Rationale (Excuses) that you do..."Someone from the factory must have... or MICE IN THE EXHAUST!!!!!!! I AM ASHAMED TO CALL THIS CAR AMERICAN MADE AFTER HOW CADILLAC TREATED MY GRANDPARENTS!
I Doubt you get anything for that Old Junk Cat, it has No Honeycomb in it, they are full of Pellets!
Throttle Body Injection was the worst thing to come on a vehicle. When they worked, yeah they worked Amazing. But if they were upset in any way. You would have a CRAZY ammounts of trouble. If you started having issues with them. Better off replacing rather then rebuilding IMO
If it was a 77-79,youd have a great car.The good old 425 motor.
My Grandparent bought one of  these from the Dealership with 120 miles NEW.  We are a family of machinists, and built Rural Oregon Race Cars, including Porsche 911's with Bosch K- Jetronic. Cadillac left our Family High ad Dry with a car that never ran.  I am Ashamed of calling this car American Made. Derek is right...LOW MILES NO-ONE SAT IN THE SEATS because THESE CAR NEVER RAN.
Only true car guys can taste the difference between conventional and that “gen z” synthetic crap. Lmao.
My husband had one at school. It only ran after the computer was removed.
RUN AWAY! RUN AWAY!! You have to because these Horrible Cadillac's Will Never Run on their own, that why the Mice love the mufflers and Not the SEATS????...NOTE to Cadillac Bosch K-Jetronic EFI.
Log it, Burn It Pave it ..Burn it.or Sell it to Jay Leno who has more insurance!   This was the Worst Car America Ever Made! Low mile because EVEN the DEALERSHIP Couldn't Make them RUN!!  The tail pipe Is the same thickness as the drive shaft, No one sat in the seats because these cars Never Ran! Safety Squints AVE needs to be turned loose on this Car with a BOLTR Collaboration!
Legendary super car!❤🙌😍
Remember when Tonka became Plastic, and your shorts became Depends? My grandparents spent their retirement to buy one of these NEW from the Dealership and running on 7 cylinders with 120 miles it, never ran. That is why nobody sat in the seats, the car never ran. Derek can''t make it Run!  Definitely Wear Depends  as this car is a POS!   I don't think they said "Hold the Cold Snacks...quite the opposite but it DEPENDS whether that was good or bad...Depends..Ashamed to call these cars American
I worked for Government Motors during the Early 80"s, those PCM's were Junk, give it the Smack Test...LOL....Then Remove the PROM and put it in to a New Computer!!! So when We got a New Car in with a Stupid Code, We went out on the Lot and grabbed a New car to use it as a Test Bed, because NO ONE KNEW what a Code meant, take off a part and put it on the Customers car, did it fix your Problem???? Oh and those Old Junk Cats, they use to sell a Bypass pipe to test it, so when You got the NEW PELLETS for the Cat,  you used your Air Hammer to remove the Plug, then you shook out all the POISON PELLETS while Breathing Heavily, then add new Pellets and replace Junk Cat! Just thought that you would get a Laugh on How We serviced your Auto's back in the Day!!
Usually it is the failed product that is really interesting in its own way :)
stopped by one of them there magic boxes allegedly
needless suffering car looks solid new engina would make it a good car for sure Big Boat, thanks for the entertainment Mr VGG
I absolutely lost it when you started doing those muffler presses 😂
Yup, I was told most were deactivated
Listen friend. Eye protection. Don’t you love your eyes!
Great great episode Derrick. Who's running the camera? He or she is really good.
If Derek ever got wrongfully arrested as a catalytic converter thief, this video is enough evidence to set him free.
34:32 rip headphone users
A feller just happens to have a neat old Saab out in the driveway he was given and it's original and shiny and cool and everything .... and is the flower of 1980s fuel injection throttle body technology. Be a great car if I could just get the furshlugginer thing to run right and this episode hit real close to home. Makes me feel better if YOU can't fix one :) We're saying the same things except you're more polite, I had to learn how to swear in Swedish. Spring rätt din jävel eller jag tar dig till floden och se om du flyter !!  That Caddy is also too shiny to trash and if you sell it as it you'll allow it continue to torture people. Enough is enough - end it ! Swap something else in there, put a Holly EFI on it. Take it over to your buddy with all the Tannerite :)
Bless you on your sneeze
Ah yes the Mad Dog. I was a young tech at a Cadillac Dealership (my first job as a mechanic) there were so many problems with that engine, I could write a novel. If the electronic issues weren't enough, the plastic valve covers warped very quickly and leaked like a stuck pig, and the bug spray fuel injection loved to run super rich, caused by a sensor, that had no upgraded replacement. The fix for that was to solder a resistor into the harness at the throttle body.  These were also one of Cadillacs first attempts at a PCM, and it hated bumpy roads, saw a lot of those replaced as well.
That is one mess of an engine bay. Sorry this one didn’t work out as planned Derek. There’s always next time, cheers 🍻
I had a 80s Chevy where i replaced basically all the sensors you could dream of. Wouldn’t ya know it still ran rich. What wound up being the issue was a Prom chip on the ECU. Not saying that’s it but maybe it could help.
One of the teaching demonstrations back in the early TBI days, both Ford and GM were pulling the coolant temp sensor wiring connector off the sensor made the TBI go full rich dumping fuel and stalling the engine, not sure what connector you pulled noted it was corroded then just plugged it back in and it ran.... but check it again, bad sensor (open circuit) will also cause it.
It’s a pos . Carburettor the motor and do away with all the crap . Only needs two wires to run and then it’s a great going to town rig . Apart from the rust beneath
49 to 93
why are you "limited on time" in every video? this nonsense is why I cant stand discovery channel garbage.
One easy, cheap and dirty way to test for some bad sensors without shotgun replacing them is to, one at a time, disconnect them and try to start and run.  Disconnecting a sensor will force the ECU to run open loop in Limp Mode.  This is a good way to diagnose a really whacky O2 or MAP sensor.  The only engine sensors that cannot be checked this way are Coolant Temp, Throttle Position and Crank Position sensors.
I was watching until you didnt use safety glasses whilst cutting the muffler off. Stupid is as stupid does, but really?
Watching this while relaxing in the jacuzzi tub after a long day on vacation in Maui. My wife said, “seriously? You’re watching your car show?” I said, “you relax how you want to relax, I’ll relax how I want to relax.”
TBI isnt really that bad if maintained . Do a new computator 2700 on it ! 🙂
You really punched up production hiring a camera man! Wow, never laughed so hard at one of your vids. Yeah you need to hook a Sniper on that thing, put the head unit right on top of the magic temp control module, Will look stock!
I almost bought a 1981 Cadillac sedan deville with electronic fuel injection and the cylinder deactivation system. No matter what I did I couldn't get it to stay running, there are 2 electronic buttons on the dash you can deactivate the cylinders manually. Sometimes I got it to run an extra few seconds but immediately would stall out. It was a beautiful car but I didn't end up getting it because I was told the system even when it was new people had problems with it. Of course it being new technology of cylinder deactivation it will have its glitches and faults. Months later I think someone bought it because it was gone, hopefully someone got it running and they got it on the road. It was a beautiful car.
Sorry to say I don't think you have much of a future as a catalytic converter thief, maybe stick to the day job
I'm a Ford guy so car people should know how much it hurts me to say this, buuuut, the best thing to do with an '81 Caddy is LS  swap it.
That is one clean Caddy! Shame it's proving to be such a bear to get running. It's easy to see why this engine only lasted one year, the idea was just too far ahead of it's time and the technology just wasn't there yet. If it were me I'd just rip off that rinky-dink TBI setup and throw on a carburetor (or a Holley Sniper if you're feeling fancy, but I'm not quite sure this car warrants it).
They should have left that motor in the dumpster instead of reviving it and putting it the half tons.
Hard to believe some wrenches didn't get flung across the shop with some spicy spice behind em from time to time on this one.
Carb swap,?, No... Computer swap?, No. A trip to the crusher? YES!👍
The muffler segment...i'm crying i'm laughing so hard!
I can’t tell you how much I appreciate your videos. They have been a mainstay since last year when I came down with spinal cancer.   Through my treatment and now my remission and the craziness in the aftermath, your videos just make me happy. Watching you wrestle the muffler and the cat off, was actually compelling. I’m easily amused, so that helps. Thank you again Derek - all my best to you, Jessica, and the boys. Merry Christmas!!
Man this car nearly made you lose your calm 😂
I think the only way to get the car running and driving is to engine swap it.
How you do you keep yourself from attacking cars like that with a Tanya Harding?  I would have chucked multiple tools into the drywall.
I have a 82 fleetwood brougham coupe with that motor but I wired mine to run on all 8 and bypassed the computer.
Derek, it would be my absolute greatest honor, other then being a father, but it would be a complete honor to join your page. But the heavenly of heavens, Lord knows I can't afford it. I work on cars mobily daily whenever my phone rings just to eat. I could get a regular job at McDonald's or Walmart, but where's the life in living to be owned by some corp.? I love ya bro, you are truly 1 of a kind. The only other 2 or 3 people that would even come close would be all the baby Derek's, Sir Bentley, et al.
Got to be a used computer in a junk yard somewhere and then derby it?
One of the things I find hilarious is that Cadillacs were supposed to be "luxury" cars, and nothing says "luxury" like cheap stick-on fake "woodgrain" plastic.  But wow - what a marathon!
Bravo Derek!  Your patience with this one was otherworldly.   Side note...I don't need to work my abs at the gym for a month after laughing so violently.  Your comic relief really hit the spot!  Thank you, sir.
Beautyful caddy to drop an Ls in.
Forgot to mention the MAP sensor. Final recommendation and request: good MAP sensor, TPS, IAC, turn off the 4/6 modes per TSBs. I think you probably borked the drinker side injector. Get a known good pair of OE size, rebuild the TBI with the kit properly. There are inline fuel pressure check fittings available. Set FPR at 12-13psi and see what happens. I bet she’ll fire and idle in V8 mode with zero issues…
Have you tried using the other end of an allen key? or just fooling me !
Lmao😂by by brake drum
I've worked on many TBI units. I've seen this exact problem. The ECT "Engine Coolant Temperature" sensor and connector needs to be replaced. The ECM thinks the vehicle is at -40 degrees and will cause the injectors to go to a full rich condition. The vehicle will flood itself.
Doing the same thing over and over with same result.
I don’t think I have laughed so hard at an episode as this one. You were in rare form. Love it. Thanks for all the hard work to make these videos for us
LS her and call it a day 😅😅😅
The most frustrating video I've ever watched
That motor and everything attached to it would make an awesome dock anchor in your pond. Don’t have a pond? Well, it’s worth digging one to dispose of that pile.
I have one and took it on a 1000 mile road trip from Reno to Las Vegas and back and drove it over the Hoover Dam. We're not gonna talk about the significant reliability problems I to sort out after I first got it 😂
Pull that stupid gm failed injector setup, put a Holley 500  2 barrel  on her.
Them damn TBIs are picky. Lotta times the coolant temp sensor craps. Computer thinks it’s -40° and loads up on fuel. What a fight though!
the cars is 42 years old, everyone that designed it, is probably dead. Zero f____ given by them
You need parts out there call Eric from I do cars at Importa Part, full auto salvage, he's local there.
Put in a normal carb  and utilize standard wiring, which will bypass the computer control system 😊
When in doubt throttle out especially a Caddy with derby exhaust
Safety Squints 😂
You most likely have intermittently leaky injectors that sometimes let fuel weep by and other times stick shut then work ok for a bit then screw with you again.
Hanta virus.... dust mask!!
It was the temp sensor I bet
I wonder if it just needs injectors
Lol when the drum flew off and rolled away i fell out with laughter 😂
Derek, those digicals ruined that Caddy, rip it out and put a Holley on it, at least the drinkers side brake drum got "turned"...
Holley sniper swap
Christine! Cadillac edition!
everlasting lols!
love watching this one, so mutch to work threw
Put a carburettor on it 👌
Such an interesting engine. I had no idea that ever existed, would be interested if it could be restored to  original working condition
that was a brave try, i still kinda want to see the tbi work tho, there must be a way
She's a land yacht  😊
Whoever designed that engine must've been a crazy son of gun. I took one look after he popped the hood and all I could say was "wow"
Can't say I've ever heard anything good about tbi motors. Basically trying to combine a carb with a computer. Had a 454tbi suburban that had the exact same issues as this car. Sold it after trying everything to fix it.
Patience of a saint. That thing would have been outside and on fire of I was working on it!
You're better off pulling the computer all the sensors and just putting a new modern fuel injection system on it
“Hoping for 8 seconds…. It’s bucking!” 😂
Love these videos sir! So cool that O'Reillys gave you a nicer place than the grass to roll around on!
1988 Mazda 626 choking belts... ✔️ check
The rebuild kit for that is about 80 bucks but I had no luck with two throttle bodies exactly like that 😂
yep  carb swap.
Nice work camera operator, great closeups!
She needs a motor swap... love the video😂 You the man!!!
i want to see someone supply you with eye protection for grinding. I've done extensive grinding and it's no fun to have a metal flake dug out of your eye as they adhere. Also it would set a good example for the little fellers watching.  Be careful!
Watch out for FMS.  It’s a thing with them older cars.  Flying drum syndrome.
LS swap it.
Man, I really thought you were gonna get that thing running. But for sure I might’ve heard that thing going down US 60 on the way to Tennessee.🙁
It's going to turn into a boring old car show now. Let's look up the codes on the computer and read the page together. O it says here it's the filter, nope it's the T.P.S, nope it's the Map sensor, nope it's the fuel trim it's too high, bla bla bla bla. It's stalling, it's a fuse,  it's a vacuum leak. It's the vacuum booster. It's the spark plugs. It's the fuel pump. Let's get some smoke bombs. Not to mention the EGR valve.
I’ll give you $800 for your Cadillac or you can trade me for my Volvo I have a 93 Volvo that has no rust on it and runs good but you have to put it all back together interior parts only and dashboard instrument cluster rather everything else is done
Now your getting into newer cars, you gota carry a pico with ya and check the wave forms...
"Talk to me goose"
1:30:00 you cracked me up so much at this point! ROFL
The brake drum spinning itself into oblivion had me on the floor, I watched it 3 times!
What a hateful motor
That rear drum was like. The heck with waiting. I'm outta here.
This one seemed to fight a feller a little more than the usual... I'm surprised you didn't just let the fire in the intake just take the whole rig down. Really tried a feller's patience! Another great video!!
I kept waiting for Derek to invite In a friend that knows that ignition system. I hope Derek drops a new engine in the car. Get rid of that junk ignition and dozens of hoses. It's a great car and no rust. It's worth a crate motor.
Wow Derek, this was a tough one, I could definitely feel your frustration.  I had a 84 Corvette that had that, "wonderful" Cross Fire Injection system. The first year I had it, it would do almost exactly what you are experiencing...it would dump fuel and computer wouldn't flash any codes. Out of desperation, I started tapping on sensors with a screwdriver.....I hit one and the thing started running great. It was the coolant temp switch. I replaced it and never had another bit of trouble out of it for the next 10 years. At the 10 year mark, it started having a intermittent fuel delivery problem where it would run great.....shut her off to go in a store, and then no Injection pulse on return. It eventually got to where I would be driving down the road and fuel delivery would just shut down. I tried everything to solve it but at the end I sold her and got a 85 Vette with the tune port injection and never looked back, lol.
If it wont take a Carb, LS Swap the thing and put Nascar rubber on it.
Carb swap! I’d buy that thing
If you ever make a shirt with this car on it, I'll buy one! I had an 83 Deville, (straight piped) with similar electrical gremlins. My trick was to disconnect the fuel pump harness, crank, and then reconnect. Eventually ended up putting a new MAP sensor and and a new ECM in it, and that solved a lot. Love the channel!
I owned one of these back in the day. When we watched this video, I just kept YELLING at the screen, "WALK AWAY! WALK AWAY!"  I can tell you many crazy stories...
1:05 OMG that brings back sour memories of how I used to "do" exhaust work when I was young and ignorant of all the safety hazards  Just give 'er.  LOL
Let it burn....junk
How about a little C4 perhaps lol!!!
Oh man. Been there, done that with my jalopies. I’m sorry. Growing up in Northern Wisconsin, I was usually out in the snow doing this. The brake drum launch and the intake fire was gold! Good luck!!
No doubt my comment will get lost in the thousands and thousands of comments here, but new I’m a subscriber watching this Cadillac rebuild and I wish I would’ve known about you sometime ago I would’ve loved to seen you work because I live outside of Springfield Missouri.
tear all the garbage out of it and put the ole quadrajet on er
Think of your inputs on the computer that can cause this problem throttle position sensor Mab sensor b Map sensor 02 sensor probably not. The computer could be, but I’m not saying it is cam sensors or crank sensors. Just look at the inputs first that’s all I’m saying.
I was LoLing.
What happened to the 4 6 8 car can't wait to see what u do with it cheers brownie new Zealand
I think this car broke Derek. 🤪
Awesome, I thank I like it. I love using cool items found,saved, donated and cool. Great find my friend. -Spanky
Good lord man call the trailer. We don’t understand the bleep bulp stuff . Thanks for trying though.
A two hour long monster of a video. Didn't succeed in getting it home, and still got 1.3 million views in only 3 days. I think you're teaching that guy Al Gorithm a thing or two and changing people's minds on what works on the old Tubes of You. Great stuff, it's proof we love these long videos.
I had a 92 Saturn that would run then next time it would flood sold it   new owner fix it with a coolant temp sensor   The other ws a 85 blazer with spider injector run good sometimes and others wouldn't turned out being a computer 50$ junk yard replacement  "ITS THAT GM FEELING"
I could be totally wrong but maybe  bad temp sensor. Ik on the obs chevys when when they go bad they run rich and don't wanna run cuz the computer thinks it's cold and its trying to dump more fuel to warm up
I worked on that exact Cadillac and color as a kid. All fluid changes. Plastic valve cover leak. New trans cooler line, brakes, tune ups (cap rotor pugs wires,) oil changes, fuel filter, lights battery, ETC. Was converted to all V8 by the Cadillac dealer after V8-6-4 issues.
IAM thinking car caught fire and someone put out water or mad girl friend
Derek fuel filter on frame rail. So spray it wblaster
Engine swap, brother!!!
I'd love to see an episode where you get this running with the original EFI. It would be awesome to partner with somebody that worked in these in that era and has some insider information on how to get diagnostics using dealer methods to understand the issue. Putting a carb on feels like cheating given this is a rare specimen.
Well, you just bought yourself the ultimate piece of crap. A rust bucket under an old Oak tree would have a better chance than this GM flight of fantasy. The engineer that pushed this must have been on something.
Sounds like it might be hydrolyzed, too much fuel from the injectors when not firing!
I think I would’ve been at the point of using a piece of plywood and building my own adaptor to bolt a 2 barrel on it 😂
Dad bought Mom a brand new Olds Delta 88 in 81 I think, that had the 350 diesel. Thing was a headache from the word go. Had constant problems with the fuel filter that we later found out was a water separation filter, it was an absolute PITA to get to, and the mechanical injection pump got replaced on about an anual basis under warranty. Once the warranty expired my dad took the pump to this guy who ran a heavy duty diesel truck shop whod been a froend for years, the guy took the pump completely apart and rebuilt the entire pump from top to bottom, made some modifications in the machine shop he had, replaced all the seals and several other things, basically blueprinted the entire thing. And dad added an extra water filter in a much easier to access location, added a block heater and a manual glowplug switch on the dash. After all that was done the car never really gave anymore troubke, just keep it pluggedb in if its very cold, and always long cycle the glowplugs. Best part is the reengineered injection pump never gave anymore trouble. Mom ended up putting a few hundred thousand on it, then sold it to a friend of hers who added a nother hundred k, snd sonething happened to the engine. Being as the lady we sild it to was a older single lady, when it does Dad helped her out, took it to a machanic friend, bought a mid 80s low milage chevy caprice or Buick something or other that was totaled and got the mechanic to swap in the 350 gasser and the car stayed on the road for many years after that. My sister also had an early 80s, I think 82 or 83 Monte Carlo that was also a diesel. Believe it ir not yes, there were diesel Monte Carlos. CRAZY. She got a lot of confused looks with that car, even had a few times where gas station people came runing out yelling at her  like shes crazy for putting diesel in it, one guy swore there was NO SUCH THING as a diesel MC. 😂
Hilarity at its finest....😂. Caddys are a special breed clearly but their fine running cars....you will not be in a hurry on a Caddy
The muffler battle was epic ❤
Surprised me Derek did not implant a new electronic system in the first place
Don't get me wrong , perfectly good entertaining video on the old caddy,,,,,,would be better if it was out in a field though
A pilot friend had one and was ready to give it away.  We pulled the battery to charge it and it reset the computer.  It was fine after that.
Junk Engine but Stelentis still using it on Ram half tons
shoulda left the car in a bad section of town...thieves woulda had that Cat off before you got outta the car!
I definitely want to see a carb swap. I have converted 2 EFI cars and 3 EFI motorcycles to carburetors. That's the way they should have been in the first place.
Man, that is a tough one!! Totally would like to see a carb swap or a total engine swap in that rig. It's in such good shape in and out, hate to see go to rusty acres. 😂😂 Keep them videos coming.
I would love to see this thing hot rodded get her running!!!
Remove the tbi and toss on a carb
The look of the car is actually pretty sweet the thing to do with it would be to drop in an older small block or maybe a big block or put a cheap Ls into it and put some nice wheels on it
You would think O'Reilly corporate garage would be better stocked...guess not.
Such a nice car to sit out in rusty acres and rot away…..
derek hi man ,its fraser from toronto .canada ,hay great car , is it possable to put a chevy stright  6 ,,250   in there for fun ,, wow  thanks man .
Hose for filler neck
Reinforcement to my policy never to work on anything without a carburetor.
Tap pump
Sounds to me like your flex plates come loose from the torque converter
Pump in frame ithink
Map sensor
Noid light for tbi injectors test
Press on climate control. On and warmer and hold to get diagnostics out of left side of steering wheel  get codes helps.
I truly don't understand how anyone has the patience to work on automotive these days and even older stuff. There's no way I can do it every time I try it just makes me so mad I want to burn the vehicle down to the ground, and I work on aircraft for a living.😂
Chk coolant first
Haltech Elite!!!
dual carbs with a blower
This was by far one of the funniest if not the funniest episode I have ever seen on vise grip garage😂😂😂
Well done man , your inspirational for real
"Then.....Alien Jukebox!" LOLOLOL
Carb install for me.
As a service manager for near 25 years including that time period, I can certainly sympathize.    On another note, I can no longer watch your downloads, as the commercials (TV only, I CAN watch ad free on my computer anyway) are ridiculous.  Thanks for your work.
How did Apollo 11 or any space craft produce thrust in a vacuum ?
It probably didn’t like those Olds wire hubcaps. LOL.   I had an 81 Pontiac Bonneville with the 265 v8 and a carb. It ran pretty much flawlessly for over 100kmiles , but it had to have the transmission rebuilt, it was a lockup and O/D metric unit, that couldn’t withstand the nervous pumping of the Florsheim Imperial 12e’s that my dad gave it right at the lockup & o/d shift point the constant engage/disengage tore it up. It was my car after that and was great until a rear-end collision bent the unibody and caused the rear capt. side door to leak in the rain.   We also discovered that the cigar lighter up front would randomly short/ blow the fuse and backfeed the dome light and kill the battery. An accidental drop of a penny into the lighter socket revealed this odd secret.   That and a jackleg replaced the water pump and left off a spacer that was essential to the belt alignment and was not shown in the parts catalog. It was also in that transition where there are both sae & metric fasteners under the hood.   Best of luck exorcising the spirits from that beast. If anyone can find a modern or retro reliability upgrade you can. Or you could drop it off at Wes Johnson’s place and we a Can Watch Wes Work on it.   He is probably one of the maybe 12 people that have the patience to solve that torture puzzle.
My experience with throttle body injection is that they're ok but it seems like the like to randomly stall the engine while going up a hill or long highway trips but only stall for a slight second and come back to life. It always made me nervous driving a TBI because of that but i noticed if i used a higher voltage ignition coil it usually made it run better? Doesn't make sense because the coil doesn't power the injectors they're powered by the ECM but every time i used a different coil other than a accel high voltage coil it would always do a weird stall thats why i just like the carburetors or actuall fuel injection because TBI is like one little break to being stranded on the side of the road.
There is an idle learn procedure that needs to be done whenever the battery is disconnected. I can’t remember exactly what it is though, that was years ago.  In order to properly diagnose that one you will need the climate control display to work properly and will likely need a service manual to tell you what to test for the codes stored. That is likely the only way you will get it running without throwing tons of money at it.
how about maybe the return line is plugged?????
Toyota Camry had the choke seat belt.
I am not an LS swap advocate, but if there ever was a candidate for one its got to be this Cadillac. would be a cool car if it ran and all the Cadillac gizmos worked as intended.
A shiny car, in a shiny workshop, with a shiny cameraman... What a twist. I'm not sure people want to see this...
Haha what a week 😅! That computer bleep blooppp thing is shot! Just put a carb on! Make that motor scream and screw that fuel economy thingyy!! Run just 8, like it should be!! Great episode, laughed a lot but felt also your frustration!!
I seriously doubt Derek will see this but because it's in such nice shape it's a perfect car for a built big block swap.😮
The rear drum flying off cracked me up😅😅😅
Engine swap it and make it a cruiser or… sell it
I had a 1978 Cadillac Seville. It was a beautiful running and driving car not one dent or nick on it but after I drove it for 5 years it started dying for no reason. It turned out the computer was the culprit if I by passed the starting circuit on the computer I could get it to run and drive. But of course it was still not running right so I just donated it since a new computer was going to cost more than I paid for the car used. Sounds like you have a lot of problems with that El Dorado it looks in beautiful condition but after you get into them you just find more problems.
Why o why did car makers get so far up themselves that this car was ever manufactured. So complicated. The combustion engine is simple. Keep it simple. Love you Derek.
Carb swap it, we want to see victory
swap 😂
This was a hard watch, but I made it!  Reminded me too much of my father and I, trying to keep his 74 Caddy on the road.  So many leaks, so many little carb fires - put out with shop rags. One day he came home with a new off the lot ford festiva, I couldn't believe it, but there it was. He never drove anything else but big Cadillac's. He loved it though, turn the key and go, sip gas, make it to work and back.
Ignition control module and possibly the pick up coil and reluctor assembly inside the distributor under the rotor that control module triggers those 2 injectors
Carb swap it
This Cadillac just part it out and tanner rite the rest
The fuel injectors are leaking around the bottom o-ring that you put in and you hammered it down pull them back out change that o ring and it'll stop leaking and it will
I’ve had a few of these, mostly took in at our salvage yard. All but one ran, actually ran on for most part but some issues with wiring/emission stuff. One I  fired up after many years for no reason.
Since the overall car is in such great shape, I'd do an engine swap. Not worth dumping a bunch a money into a poorly designed powerplant. Someone suggested dropping a 500 in it, that makes sense. Always enjoyed watching you Derek. By the way, i come from a family of mechanics (grandfather, Dad, and Uncle). Love your work arounds, we did the same before Dad passed in 1986. Wonderful memories. Keep up bringing the old cars back to life. Merry Christmas!
I ripped 1 of those out and junked it and stuffed a Olds 455 rocket in mine ya know i never found the rocket on that darn thing but man would it scoot I also had a 77 Sedan Deville with a 425 that was no slouch and my 72 Coupe Deville with a 472 that was my tire fryer let me tell ya a small tire fire will produce enough heat to remove the vinal top that's cracked before the roof rusts and both the 72 and 77 would easily do the 120 on the speedo the 77 just needed more road to get there i love me my Caddys the front wheel drive ElDarado was a great farm truck if the mud got too bad the rear wheels acted like skis but shed keep ripping enough for the person in the back seat to stand up through the sunroof and tranquilize the cow we finally cut a couple sunroofs out of a pain of toranados and put in the 83 k30 3+3 now we have ground clearance
This '80s General Motors car is the reason my generation lost confidence in American car manufacturers. The '80s were not kind to Dodge, Chevrolet or Ford.
what to do with it?   Sniper EFI and make yourself a blue-wall goin' to town rig.
Carb Swap
Thermoquad swap
Somewhere in your ads, is a video
Legit one of my top 5 favorite VGG episodes to date.  Thanks for being exactly the guy you are.
My guess is either too high fuel pump pressure like you said, or just stuck/bad injectors
Terrible car. Terrible
hope you got your hantavirus vaccinations
one day I'd like to see a leather man used instead of a knife, for your sake, but I do appreciate the knife skills around 50:40, "what does that do". My buddy got me a leather man wingman, the only one they make with springback pliers! love them
Good junk cart racer!
Oh man. I was rooting for her to run good right up to the end.  I hope she gets to live on because she is a handsome car.  Fingers crossed its the coolant sensor as plenty have mentioned.
I had a beautiful, white, with a red landau top and mixed interior, had it and drove it for more than 10 years before I had to sell it because of those famous leaky head issues, that frequently caused it to over heat no matter how much I babied it!😮
Ahhh, the old ‘ran when parked’.
I remember, way back, in July if 1984, I rode in s large, black limousine hearse version of the "4,6,8 Caddy" and was impressed back then, that it could be done, if only for a short while!?😮🌅🌄🏞🌠
This is definitely one of my new all time favorites of VGG.  I have a 1980 Coupe Deville, and it runs great (just don’t expect much top end power!)  I always thought the V8-6-4 was an interesting idea and so far ahead of its time.  Unfortunately, like the Oldsmobile diesel, they were rushed to the market before they were ready, and I think this contributed to the loss of public opinion of GM long term.    I also like the longer show 😅format. Your camera operator has a great presence of mind to capture the brake drum carnage and not just get out of the way!  I really enjoyed that you went for something “a little different” and not just the same old “here’s a new carb and now it runs good.”    Towards the end of the video it definitely seems like maybe you were suspecting computer issues, and rightfully so. The fact that the computer didn’t want to reset codes also seemed not right.  I had a similar experience with a 1995 Ford truck with the 300ci 6cyl; it would sometimes run just fine, but sometimes it would barely run.  I tried multiple times to get the computer to report codes and it wouldn’t cooperate.  What ended up fixing the problem for me was pulling the computer and replacing the electrolytic capacitors on the computer board. Like clutches, electrolytic caps will eventually fail…it’s just a matter of time.  People that repair old TV’s and radios often have to replace the leaky caps. When they fail they can leak all over the circuit board and ruin it as well.   The fact that cars see extreme temperatures usually speeds up the process of failure.  Check out @shango066 channel; he’s repaired a number of ECM’s over the years.  Cheap fix and worth a shot, before trying to track down a replacement computer.
Seeing Derek work on a fuel injected vehicle is so magical. Like watching those experiments where a monkey try to get a banana from a machine
I'm curious to see if Derek will rip off all that computer crap and make it a carbureted engine.
This has to be the worst situation, so many control sensors etc and no real way to tell what's actually going on. I'm an amateur mechanic, and this is like my worst nightmare. Love your stuff!
Ah, "Ran when parked." Uh-Huh, riiiiiiiggggggght. 😒   I owned a 1981 Eldorado from 1990 - 92 with a 368 CID V8/6/4 that actually worked. It would switch between 4, 6, and 8 cylinders. The problem when it was in V6 mode it shook the whole car since it didn't have a mass balance shaft to tamp out the shaking.   That and the cruise control never kept the speed. 🙄 Traded it for a used Lincoln Mark VII LSC.
I know when a guy has a 2 hour video from the normal 45min to 1 hour format it's going to be chalked full of entertainment of how a guy tackles a project full of "it's fine" problems.  Excellent video.
If you have a ing. spark anywhere the computer will think you are running lean.  So Change the cap rotor points condenser wires plugs. Many that will do it.
"Big ole Map Pockets." 😂
The camera man makes this feel like a Motortrend gig or something. Don’t even need a Lonewolf 6000!
Ok after that brake drum went flying I need a time out to wipe the tears out of my eyes from laughing so hard! Back in 86I bought a 81 Chrysler Imperial that had fuel injection it it was a beast! That car was fast! We drove it for about three years with no problems and then,,,,,, the fuel injection started to act up. Only one Chrysler dealer in NW Ohio could or would work on it. It sat in their fix it lot for 4 months before they even looked at it. They wanted to switch it to carburetor for like 1200 bucks or continue to trouble shoot it. I said continue and two days later it was done. Guy found a service bulletin that said when this happens do this. LOL  If I remember right parts were like a 100 bucks and labor was over 1500 bucks. Thought you would like that story!
Sounds great 👍 like RC cart 😂❤
I’ve been watching for years and I have to say this was your funniest video yet. 2nd best video in my opinion, best giving your son the Camaro.
You should check the coolant temp sensor. Just unplug it. It maybe stuck full cold, like -40°. I believe it should have a half a volt warmed up
CARB SWAP IT & I'LL BUY IT
Ignition control module cuts injector pulse
You're now an expert GM Throttle body technician 👍👍, Ya baby!   Oh, PLEASE start using safety glasses 🙏🙏. To unflood a TBI engine, you half to hold the throttle wide open, that stops the flooding process...........unless you have an 8-6-4 engine, in that case, cross your fingers and pray to God you don't tare your hair out.
Hi Derek nice video 📹 and workmanship!!! Maybe the vacuum line behind the Carb is clogged and the FUEL ⛽️ FILTER  😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😂😂😂😂 That was the car I picked to do a LIVE CHRISTMAS 🎄 WITH THE FAMILY TO SE THE LIGHTS !!! DARNN  GET THE SEAT 💺 FIXED BIG FLIT $ FLINTSTONE $  Going to listen 🎶 again cleaning !!! Maybe Back To The Future 2224 is watching 👀 🤔 also !!!!   Maybe there's backdraft of dust in the intake and carb !!! Try cleaning the Carb again !!!!
It LOOKS good anyway.  Maybe an LS swap? OR! Coyote swap and really upset the proverbial apple cart.
I've got a 91 jaguar I'll trade you for it
Carb swap utilizing fuel tank pump-inline regulator and send it of a cliff or something.
"Earl claimed a barbed wire ditch cuz his vision was down on the left side"  ☠️☠️☠️
I liked the fact you worked on this in an O’Reilly’s garage, it’s just too bad they didn’t sponsor the entire video, 2 hour and 20 minute video that took me just over 3 hours to finish because of all the advertisements.  Hope you got paid well because I would like 40 minutes of my time back.  🤣🤣🤣
"SAFETY SQUIIIIIIIINT!!!"   *BRRRRRRTTTTT!!!*  I just nitrous purged coffee everywhere ☠️☠️☠️
Olds wire caps.  Might be a good part out or bring it to Los Angeles and make a low rider out of it.
You sure it’s not a sensor? So you can’t fit  a carburetor and a regular distributor on it with a different intake manifold?
I think I seen a shiny spot on that muffler, so I imagine it still had some life left to it
You should call a priest - this car needs an exorcist, not a mechanic.
I love your videos, I just wish we could cut back on some of the commercials. Seems like just as we’re getting into something exciting these damn commercials pop up.
Looks like a great candidate for an engine swap.
I don't want to see a carb swap. I want to see a top end swap. Delete EVERYTHING except for the distributor cap, spark plug wires, alternator, and power steering pump! Those 1981 Electronics will NEVER come back around!
AWESOME.....you sneezed...GESUNDTHEIT....Back in my day I did many a trans rebuild on these caddys, customers thought they had a trans problem...lol...NOT . These were a very bad design. Sell it or rip every thing out of it and stick a HOLLEY on it...lol  Druming for dollars you almost got a strike....lol   MOPAR 4 EVER.....Ques, whats the little RED car in the back ground?
Please use Gloves, Eye protection & Respirator - we want you around for a long time Derick!
Carb swap, please.
1:44:50  That sounds like the Air Mixture Valve. It can be removed, hit with brake cleaner and then lubricant and put back in after you use your thump to rock the end back and forth a few times to compress it.
I have had one of those cars test my strength of will also... they have been known to create new expletives in quite a few languages.  Derek, you are better man than most.  Most would have tossed a match on it  and let it burn ( I know I wanted too a few times myself).
oof, that muffler snip totally pegged the 1d10t meter!🤣
that is good  body It needs to roll with a normal carburetor and  everything working It is a great car with a flawed engine. Only vice grip garage can fix it but be sure to buy up a few more as the fix will light the internet on fire and drive higher values  for 1981 Cadillacs with same problem!
Holley Sniper Kit it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Has this guy ever heard of safety glasses? Apparently he has never had a server eye injury!!!
It’s like you’re working on a modern diesel pickup engine. All the hoses and sensors
Hey Derek, an intake manifold for that engine is available. Roughly $500.00. A couple of caveats. No stock A/C fitment. Then there is all the existing computer issues that will have to be dealt with if an intake is put in place of the existing manifold.   Then there's Demolition Ranch!
Have had an '85 Seville for 8 years - do all the work myself - being sad watching this because the TBI's are so specific and complex, and if you don't know about the onboard diagnostics, the TPS/ICM adjustments, and all kinds of stuff like that it's a monster to get running right.
It needs a mild Buick 455 build  / quadrajet carb set up...
The muffler removal scene was golden
This is one of those projects all of us car fellas have had,...and regretted cracking in to after breaking parts, wrestling with, laying under, and staring at for hours while asking "How is this fun?". Had a similar situation with an aftermarket Megasquirt FI system on a rally-built Volvo causing all 4 injectors to hang open, right down to the raw fuel in each cylinder.  Turned out to be bad capacitor or doohicky on the actual processor board. Nothing I could have done roadside would get it running.  Definitely makes you miss the simplicity of a carb.
You didn’t seat the lower injector o rings in the housing before putting the injectors in. Putting them on the injector first 100% will not work or seal. Raw fuel will bypass the pod straight down the throttle body. Everything else is the result of that. I knew it immediately when you seated the injectors. Orings in the housing lots of lube press injector’s straight down with consistent force to seat over injector. You would have had a runner. ECM and O2 only control trimming closed loop after warmup on these old systems. Open loop and start circuit is all on the ECM. Old TBIs are a dream.
Cadillac had originally developed an engine that would shut down cylinders on the road back in either the 30's or 40's and it was a failure as well.
Swap in a hemi and call it good
Oh,...this reminds me of working on countless late 70s and 80s vehicles, as a young mechanic. Hoses, wires, tight. to impossible working space. Yep! Respect for your perseverance, especially since your did not have a factory drivability service manual, or any diagnostic tools such as a fuel pressure gauge or a noid light. Will have to say, GMs earliest TBI was a mess, in stark contrast to the near indestructible TBI that GM used until 1995 on, the GMT400. Also you do not know "What" had been messed with before you started wrenching. If you decide go with a computer check the wiring for shorts to ground, and damaged to any power leads. Hell you might find the computer is not getting a good power signal, or a poor ground.
I worked at a dealership as a detailer in 2000. There was a sedan deville that was there with the same engine that looked like it was there forever in the side yard. Car was beautiful so I asked the owner of the dealership what was the story?He said we gave up on it and the owner gave up. She just left it there. It sat there for over 20 years🤣After watching your video now I understand why you’d give up on one.
I drove a 79 Cadillac Sedan DeVille all through highschool. Metallic seafoam green. Was actually a beautiful car, especially in the sunlight. I got the car from my parents banker who had only racked up just short of 80,000 miles since brand new. He had tried selling it for a couple years and was only offered $500 on a trade-in. It was 2001 and no one wanted the old "gas guzzlers" anymore I guess.  I never entirely understood the v864 thing because I ran that caddy of mine all the way across the state for state football multiple times totally loaded down with kids and nonalcoholic cold snacks and was always at least high teens to low twenties for mpg. That 425 big block ran like a Singer sewing machine. Around town it was pretty rough on fuel but darn it what a fun car to drive. Definitely have a soft spot for these old cars nowadays.
man i am so glad your bad to doing these ive worked on cars my whole life .. now with a bad back i just sit and lol at watching you go through the same shit i did for 40 years    thank you so so much please never quit .. if i wasnt poor id love to give u some support
It would be interesting to see if you could fit a sniper efi system in. Maybe all it would need is an adapter plate. Then do something about the flakey ignition key to get a true twist and go experience. The car is too nice to give up on.
Never buy anything from the 80s.
This video is gold.  Great perseverance.  I pray you have the energy for all you have upon your shoulders as you provide for your family and entertain all of us.
O'Reilly certainly is a good sponsor.  Too bad there aren't any in Delaware for me to support
Now I know why I like simple old cars we could fix with pocket tools. Those GM engineers blew it with their attempt to go electronic. Still not much better 20+ years later.
How about trying something more exotic, like a Volvo Amazon or something. Would be fun to see your take on that.
We had a 1982 Cadillac Coupe Deville 4 door with the 4100 motor, it would struggle to drive up a steep grade. Then when it had about 75,000 miles it would stall after we drove it on the freeway for a while, then after a few minutes it would start again on the off ramp.  I noticed the wires to a sensor located near the carburetor were hot. It was some kind of fuel sensor.  I installed a new one and coated the mating surfaces with Permatex ultra and it solved the problem.
I wonder if you could make the cylinder deactivation work somehow with a holly ecu would be a massive undertaking but would be cool
Watching the whole episode was worth it just for the brake drum exit
the highlight of the entire video came at 2:03 where the rear drum took off and passed through the legs of the tripod without hitting it. And then travelled on to crash into other things just out of view with a satisfying crash. would've been cool if some bowling pins had been set up.
LS swap it or something
Vortec 454 4L80E
A good tactic to buy a car in very good condition with very low mileage. Just choose the worst engine version that kept breaking down and first sat in the garage more than it was driven, and then the owner gave up on repairs, but he didn't want to scrap it either.
When Derek came back with all of his parts, fluids, and supplies... he had a package with brand new safety glasses, yet he seems to make a point of getting crap in his eyes every chance he gets. This seems to be a trend with a lot of the M/T car shows. I don't get it.
Use that one for a boat anchor
I just searched on google to see what size engine that is, and it’s a 368, if any of y’all were wondering
A feller could’ve about engine swapped it to a small block Chevy with all the trouble that was given by the ol’ Caddy
Make it a. L S ENGINE VEHICLE
Its rwd. I really think a SBC swap would have been quicker and better. Id like to see Derek just show up with crate motors and trannys😆 ok, every once in a while 😁 or some edelbroke manifolds and hei modules.
Take that motor out and replace it with a LS.
I see why this was a 1 year only engine xD
That looks like the regular tbi stuff from gm. The injectors and heck everything look identical to the early gmt400 tbi motors. Parts probably interchange.
The Cadillac El Carajo
carb
even the brake drum said screw it and left the party ! lol
I knew a smart gentleman , wall full of Diplomas & he revealed to me the huge mistake of purchasing tbis pos . He was my Dr.
The camera guy could have let you know how much of the cut was left that was holding your muffler on……
I’m only 12 minutes into the episode and I’ve already googled the motor to know it’s a Destroked debored 472-500 Cadillac big block. I think it needs free-flowing heads, four barrel intake, a blow through carb and a turbo. Keep the outside 100 original. 😅
I wouldn’t mine seeing a 350 go in it 😊
My old man had one of these decades ago. Paid a few hundred for it, from a sketchy dealership who would sell their junk trade-ins on the cheap. The deactivation system still worked, but the shifts to V6 and V4 were so jarring it felt like the engine was falling out. He unplugged the harness so it only ran in V8 mode. It was dark purple on the outside, but the interior looked exactly like this. I remember the ride was comfortable, but the fuel economy was single digits in town. And in spite of the big displacement engine, it would have lost a race to a fat kid on a tricycle.  I still have the V8-6-4 badge today in my garage!
Snip out the old power supply and slam a big block in and some crager ss wheels and put down some smoke !
Although it’s logical to swap this over to carb, im still hungry to know what the problem was. I’ve had cars like this so many times. Would be good to see the answer to the mystery!
Opening that hood, I immediately thought engine swap.  Or pull delete that silly stuff and make it normal, then put back in.
Damn Dijicals!!
Where do I ship the face mask to sir..... thats entirely too much Asbestos = ) Poor Derek... oh I see ....Tenn-er-see...
Weld in a roll cage and hill jump it.
What a bummer for you Derek, how you kept your cool must e been in the lap of the gods😂😂 This is one engine setup we want to see you master, dont let it beat you buddy👍👍🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿🇬🇧
since when we have cameraman-age?
thats one of the hell stubborn cadillac
2:03:01 stay for this.. you won't regret it.
V8-6-4-0
isnt that a hendrix song? if 8 was 6 was 4?
Has ANYONE done a variable displacement engine that wasn't invariably a POS?  Hell, even Honda's version of it on my 2010 Odyssey is crap. Most everyone that has one puts the inline resistor into the temp sensor to trick the computer into thinking it's not quite up to temp, which keeps it firing all 6 cylinders.
Yep, after the ghost valves, haunted. For sure.
2:03:02 best way to remove a drum.
You did your best. Limited edition ANYTHING is always a pain. If you keep it, junk everything under the hood, put in a 500 ci V8 and use it for burn outs.
The computer was self aware and decided to wreck the fella who can fix anything!!!
It's pretty cool we get to see him work on this Cadillac in-between the 2hrs and 20 mins of advertisements
Definitely a carb swap would be cool to watch
Personally I’d leave that on the side of the road somewhere and head on back to Tennessee.
It's admirable that your tackling this cadillac. My experience with a cadillac was quite similar except mine didn't have that alien technology engine. They can really make you say some words.
A few things those really need to run correctly- map sensor , tps , and o2 sensor. Sometimes when the ecm gets old the capacitors leak inside and cause all kinds of issues. I’d bet it was one of those things .
Drop in whatever new drivetrain you choose, detail it and leave the 8-6-4 badge on the side for irony.
Even though she didn't drive home, this was still a fantastic episode. The patience, perseverance and diagnostic progression you show is truly impressive. Shout out to O'Reilly for the support. Absolutely loved the brake drum's desire to get back on the road!
Apollo 11! 😂
That was epic, and heroic, and hilarious, and ridiculous, and I'm watching a stinking youtube video and MY blood pressure is rising. I probably would have torched it around the time of the catalytic converter... your patience and perseverance with it, enough to keep going, are amazing to me.   I suspect that a lot of youtube wrenches work on the old cars partly because they grew up with and love those older ones, but partly because they can recognize and work on everything under the hood without having to be a programmer and vacuum diagnostician first. I would have taken one look at all those hoses and lines, closed the hood, and walked away. Much respect for your fearlessly plunging on.
These are such great cars but suffered from bad engines. I've had 2 of them, an 82 and 83 with the 4100 V8 in it. Both ran great and were nice luxury cruisers! However a lot of people had bad experiences with the 4100 V8 too... This is the main reason the lowrider guys do a 90s swap! Get a 91 Fleetwood Brougham and swap engine, frame, dash, front end and moldings and create the Coupe Deville Cadillac should have continued building trough the 90s.
If the transmission bolt pattern matches older Caddy engines...472 or 500 swap would be great
Put your own engine and computer in. 😊
For sure .. Engine swap.. Divorce the Cali smog controls  with anger issues turned on
I hate carbs but... carb swap it.
Carb swap it!
I haven’t laughed so hard in a long time as when that drum rolled across the floor. 😂😂
This looks like an absolute pain in the arse. I wouldn't get near it and just walk away...lol
Will that carb swap come with 500ci?
Blown LS swap with air conditioning is what this car deserves.
LOL....the muffler battle is classic😅
For to many adverts lasting far too long
Derek check the fuse for the alternator particularly the wire that supplies 12 V to ignite the circuit for the alternator to charge I have seen in later Models on TBI injection That’s the fuse for the charging system also operates fuel management system and the vehicle will do what you’re experiencing where the overflowing and flooding is present not sure if this will help you and your situation but I have seen This exact thing happened when that fuse blows I did not get to catch in the video if you did get the vehicle charging but if that’s the case where are you did not check that first it may resolve the entire issue on how it will not idle
I want to see a carb swap. Have a 4.3 TBI S-10 and have been thinking about a carb swap since it behaves like this Cadillac.
Ben pack should send you a lift
im 13 min in. and i can see right off your going to have trouble with your mds
Dang. I felt for you on this one 😢.  I couldn't have a youtube channel cuz I'd have to edit out 95% of me swearing when a car gives u this much trouble.  For instance today went out to get my camaro tucked in the corner of the garage under the cover for the winter which it had all summer to break but decided to start pissing antifreeze out of the t-stat housing gasket and the charging worrler stopped working which fine I can deal with that niw or later but then was swapping out tires on my neices chevy cruze and had to beat each wheel off with the biggest sledge hammer known to man and still took atleast 30 hits each before they came loose. Then had a couple other minor mishaps and figured out it was time to stop for the day. I gotta give you major credit tho. I've been watching your channel since day one pretty much and I think this is only the 2nd or 3rd car you didn't drive home .and this car was the devil for sure. Anyway thanks for all the great videos. God bless 😊
I thought for sure this was going to be the episode where Derek finally dropped an F bomb lol!
I used to think you were a lot smarter than the average bear, but after watching you remove that muffler, I may have to reassess that.
Daang, I felt certain you were gonna drive it home, I was looking forward to the road trip! No weight reduction, nice looking vee hick''el, I'd say give it a new carb and find a new kompoota but try a new temp sensor as many have suggested below. Really enjoyed the episode, but you gotta watch that monoxide Derek, stay safe dude. 👍🙏😎
I never will forget that day, when the wheel from your motor it rolled away Through a flower stall. Made an awful mess No time for relaxing on this leatherette.  ~The Detonators, "E.H. Leatherette
Behold the ancestry of GM's modern AFM! The idea sucked then, and it sucks now too. Best when deleted.
You can't win them all i guess. I would love to see you beating this Caddilac and make it road worthy again. After that, sell it as quick as possible. Greetings from Estonia
That sounds like a MAP sensor.
To be able to give away riches is mandatory if you wish to possess them. This is the only way that you will be truly rich.
Longer than Titanic! Both the car and the video!
Im only 12 mins into the vid so if Derek addresses this at some point i apologize, but could someone tell me why Caddys of this period always look like their rear bumpers are pushed out a half foot from the car? Im assuming theres supposed to be trim there or something but why wouldnt GM just mount the bumper to the body without having a giant trim gap like that? Seems everytime i see one on the road it never fails to have a gap between the bumper...
Didn't James May have one of these during their Florida to New Orleans Road trip on Top Gear?
🐪🐪 Good Show! There's always a Camel! ... Bruce
Hey Derek! I really liked this episode of you working on a TBI styled Caddy. When I was a kid my Dad had some impressive rides, he had a Chevy Nova, a 442, A Cutlass Supreme and even a GTO.  He loved his GMs of the 70s. I learned so much with him on Carbs and rebuilding them, tuning them and such.... Until one day in my High School years, I saw someone pull up to my school in a 1970 Datsun 510 and I suddenly fell in love with Japanese Nostalgics.   When I was 18 I finally bought my own 510, as well as buying a few other old 70s Japanese and British cars 2 years later.  I had experience in working on the Hitachi and Weber Carbs and I found it fun doing triple side drafts on those 4 cylinder engines. My dad used to laugh at me being he loved the American Cars and working with Holleys and Edilbrocks. But he always encouraged me to keep exploring and learning. 25 years later, I still held onto my 510 and did a full TBI conversion last year replacing my Weber side drafts.   I will say I learned so much doing that swap and I find the motor being more responsive and etc.  My Dad was so impressed that he was driving the 510 for a solid week. Seeing you  working on a TBI was great to see as I was learning alot from the 80s style GM perspective. I liked how patient you are and very eager to know what is the center cause of the issue.   Much love man!
id would LS swap the sucker.. make it a daily no crazy hp. just somthing nice anr eliable. cus that car looks sick for a family cruiser :P
Funny how he can get parts for that car but very difficult getting parts for my 1990 Ford Taurus.
You should investigate and educate and try to get it running as it would’ve new.
10:05 "it's in my soul" I felt that! Seems like you inhaled or ate half of that car. Oh boy, that car really hated you and fought you every inch of the way. Even though you didn't drive it, this was a hugely entertaining video. You really suffer for your art and i appreciate that. I got second hand anxiety watching this video and I could tell you were really teed off with this crap box. Thanks for bringing us this video.
😂 the screw in the injector is an adjustment for the pintle 😂
I love how the cameraman started giggling more as the video goes along. Derek is wearing him down.
Its a prime candidate for an engine swap,l am thinking (BIG BLOCK.with the lot) a barn build of course.
Derek what a great episode I was really hoping you would get this thing going, but props to you for showing that everything does not always go as planned and showing that sometimes even when we do our best we still fail, but it is best to learn from this experience! So what would I like to see done with his vehicle? Well, I would like to see it moving down to the road the 368 Cadillac is a great engine and very durable and reliable As long as it doesn’t have this particular fuel delivery system. Also, it is the last of the Cadillac V8 so first thing and you’ve already done this disconnect the cylinder deactivation as most Cadillac dealers did and let it run as a V-8 Secondly remove all of the fuel injection paraphernalia from 1981 and replace it with some type of Holley fuel injection system and then make sure it’s ship shape and maybe give it away I mean I would would like to own of these if it had a reliable fuel delivery system just my two cents. Thanks again for another great video.
Runs like a bad temp sensor.
I am amazed that this format of fixing up ol cars with a side serve of silly baby talk is still going strong with 1.7 million subs ,unbelieavable,most boring one yet ,thank god i fast forwarded this mess ,took me all of 28 seconds
Sell it
I have to give you an A+ for effort on this one! You win some and lose some! It would be nice if you could do something with it but I think the electronic gremlins are going to be the death of this one!
What a piece of junk
I wouldn't be Your insurance Agent for all the apples on the tree !!!!
Valiant effort fella. She wanted to.
Oldsmobile wire hubcaps… nice!
Carb and an HEI
I'm working on a 1977 Cadillac coupe DeVille
As a 90s kids who drove junk like this, I understand this man’s struggle.  Just no rhyme or reason to anything.
AIR TEMP SENSOR DERRICK.  I had one drives me nuts doing odd crap EXACTLY  like that.  11 dollars later (after 60hours and 300 bucks) that part fixed it. No more reset.  When I lifted it out it had fell apart. Its on the rear of the intake somewhere. A guy is welcome
Holley Sniper2 swap
Can't wait to see these ones next videos
Good luck those were horrible engines and a pain to work on.
Thanks Derek! I have one of my own going, and can 100 percent feel your diagnostical pain..... The upside is i now feel that i can carry on........
How does the guy not have 14 lung ailments by now??
It sounds like someone is intensely shaking a garbage bag 😅😂
I’m in Springfield,Mo 🤙🏼🍻 I Remember seeing your post being downtown with the ole red!
I'm sure after this episode that Derek is not the one who stole my catalytic converter.
Muffler press_ 270 reps later_ you gotta fight it!!!! Never say die
id watch you fight with tbi for another 2 hours lol
48:42 hey... you can say that again
Hey Derek, who does your videography?  They deserve some recognition for a job very well done. :) Great episode by the way.  I'd love to know exactly what's wrong with it, but honestly, I think you have much cooler cars in the works than this one.
1:08:58  I"m fed up !  says it all when your born in 1962.. When i  BLAH BLAH BLAH!! cars just suck now ...Just sayin,, why do i need 8 airbags to protect me from my pickup truck ??
My wife and I lived in Spfld. Jan was born there.  Moved to Elkland to the woods just to get away from the crazies.
Would love to see that Cadillac  in a monster truck arena ...... crush it😂
The adds are a deal breaker. They are too plentiful and far too cheap. Sorry about that but I gave up discovery for that. This hour has 11 minutes of programming.
I need to hit the sack, but this mess you are in is keeping me up.  But I draw the line, fun but-
Struggling with the muffler its still attached in the rear 😂
I was 16 years old when I saw the tv commercial about Cadillac bragging these things up. I asked myself back then, how in the hell is this thing ever going to work.  Apparently, I was right.
Derek you have to let that stuff soak before goin at it
"IT'S IN MY SOUL"!!!! I F****** LOST IT...
Well... turn it into a simple man's vehicle... I mean hat it going without all that there electric crap....
Over fuelling TBI.  MAP or IAT
Good. God.  By 1981, Bosch K-Jet was near perfect and dead reliable. What in the *world* was GM thinking?  That said, as always, what a wonderful episode. Exposing folks to this stuff (when we’d never see it otherwise…) is a great service to humanity.  And thank you for putting my minutely-rough idle in my KE-Jet car into perspective.
22k miles on mine. E-torque alternator failed, apparently took out the 48 volt battery. If this wasn’t covered under warranty it would be a $5k repair…. For an alternator failure 😮. On top of that, over a month to get repaired due to parts availability. All this to still get much worse fuel mileage than my previous Silverado’s.
Time to swap in a 4 banger for fun.
Now here's a prime candidate for an LS swap. A sleeper for sure, or just a fantastic driver. I'd like to see that.
NEVER EVER BUY A CADDY.
That catalog is a perfect candidate for an l s swap
engine swap
OOFDAH!
@ViceGripGarage you should definitely put a carb on it
I'm not trying to bash on you but a tune up would be the first thing to do after the new fuel tank and new oil. Js that's me
2:20:58 look my friend gm hei and a 750 boggerjet. Even better holley terminator. You can sell Boss Hog Betty White needs a freaky companion.
WILL YOU SELL THAT CADDY
"It's whiter than a Celine Dion concert" Holysh!t that had me rolling. 🤣
Carb swap! And Glass packs!
This one had a very different feel being in a studio-like situation and having an additional camera person. Derek was still great, but I personally prefer the old "rough" looking videos.
That car deserves a big block swap. That engine must be terrible.
This and an old tractor are the only time I’ve seen you get beat. I love these episodes. They are so real.
One more thing- the inlet and outlet on the back are removable so you just use 2 wrenches. One to hold the nipples and one to twist the fuel lines off of them. The nipples have a hard flat ring seal on each to seal them to the body of the R220 there at the back…
You disconnected the coolant temp sensor and plugged it back in that made it run good . They are known for that cts sensor going open then it dumps fuel .. it is the one at front of manifold yellow and black wire
Dang
I really enjoyed learning with you about this science experiment gone wrong of an engine.  My vote is that you should put a turbo diesel engine from a GM truck into this.  It's the most fitting kind of monstrosity swap this car deserves!!
1.:42:47 speaking of oxygen it looks like a guy is at a willy nelson concert.
Man those TBIs are a pain to get running after they’ve sat for so long and when you do it will run good one min and not run at all the next, it’s so frustrating
Rochester 220 is really pretty simple. The trick on the injectors going in is this- the metal rings keep the injector body o-rings from rolling down on you and the tiny peg on the side of the injector indexes with the notches in the injector cavity for proper orientation. And you guessed the lube is needed to help it seat in the o-ring without ripping or twisting. It really is easier to pull the whole unit and do it on the bench. To pull the injectors you just pry under the tips once you get the top retainer plate off to get them off the seat and then pliers to gently pull them up and out.
You should have just LS swapped it and you you would have been fine 😅
In my opinion the ideal thing to do on the oil is put some 10w30 in it run it for 100 miles then put a thicker oil.
Carb swap
What a nightmare. Boat anchor
👍
Derek,   I'm afraid this is beyond a case of beer problem & I don't even drink.   Perhaps disconnect and plug the extra lines/hoses,  jerk the 468 out & put in a Chevy 350 crate.  At least you'll have a fighting chance, lol.
Ls swap . Make a reliable cruzer.
I drove an 83 Sedan DeVille with the 4100 series engine. Your video really brought back memories on all the troubles I had trying to keep it running.
Glad your stuff is going well these days, Buddy.  Even if this one didn’t fly, you still got a lot of views and thumbs up - well deserved, I might add - When the going got tough - you got going…
I don’t think gm ever got the dropping down from 8cyl down to 4 cyl right. The newer gm trucks are dropping lifters at low miles. And even causing further damage to the engine.
I have to wonder if the TBI system from a early 90s 454 might be the ticket for that thing. It'd bolt right up more than likely.
I had to pause the video to say that Derek removing the muffler had me 😂. Now I’m gonna finish it.
Great video as always! This new camera work and editing looks amazing too!
It's smoggier than Eric Forman's basement in there and I ain't kiddin' ya.
This had to be one of the funniest episodes ever. You should jerk that piece of crap motor out of there and put a good motor in it and then you should have a going to town rig.
16:21 EXACTLY what it was like shopping for those things with your dad back then… at the dealership, and infront of the dealer too 😂 both trying to talk them down… and wtf moment just like that 😆
This would be a fantastic car to drive around if it had an LS, or literally any other standard GM V8.
I see why they made that piece of crap only 1 year.
Mmm 80s GM throttle body. *distant stare* Had a similar problem on a 454 and ended up sticking a paperclip in the odb port to get home but I don't remember what. Maybe holding it in reset? Nobody could get it working right something something regulator spring in the throttle body... I think the next owner put a 4 barrel on it last I saw it. If you were in Springfield you were in the neighborhood and probably drove right past me yet again if you went down 63.
A bad cts will cause it to flood
I think the rig needs a 632cc big block.
Who sells brand new, replacemant fuel tanks for a '81 Cadillac?
TBI injection. Common in most GMs until Moses crossed the river. Even in my 93. Same problem. TPS n ICV swapped a number of times. Ended up being TPS a 4th time fixed it. I too thought Carburetor would fix it But. My truck has a 4L60 Trans which the kickdown works of TPS switch.
i love this guys channel, but it also sucks cause it makes me realize i'll never have my dream truck finished, i have the truck but the rest cost money and with me unable to work i cant finish it. I have other vehicles in our yard i have a 94 S10 blazer with i believe factory running boards and a visor? all digital dash, also have a 90-91 GEO Storm with 90ish original miles on it lol, but my dream trust is a 1990s chevy 1500 front axles swap to a solid front axle and then put a plow on and start plowing for those who cant afford to pay someone or cant shovel, but as i said my dream is dead not to mention a busted tranny in it but due to medical reasons im unable to work so no money to cover it, but i still love VGG!
This was amazing! I mean, normally you are able to pull of magic which is wonderful, but I also love to see things not go as planned. It would be great to see a computer swap and/or carb swap. If all else fails, an engine swap... all electric ha ha ha, just kidding.
I just kept waiting for ol’ Derek to genuinely lose his sh*t on this one but he never did. I’d love to see some of the unused  footage. There’s no way he wasn’t talking to the Lord through some of this. How frustrating.  But also how fitting that it ends with the TBI on fire.  Funniest episode yet!  Absolutely loved it
I know it’s too late now, but the remedy to was for the map air sensor to re adjust it takes a few mins to keep it running. Once it adjust it should stay running.  I had that issue on my 08 Yaris when the MAFS went bad.. hard starts and once started it stumbled on RPM and stall and I’d have to restart it and stall out if I tried to drive it and it do it for almost 30 mins before it relearned and then ran perfect again… also deactivate the cylinder activation deactivation system on Cadi so it basically would just run on a straight V8
My suggestion would be to sell it to someone who wants to restore it back to what it is supposed to be.  However, the reality is that engine may never run properly since they barely ran to start with.  Maybe the reason it was parked.  Replace the engine, either downdraft carb or another TBI, but something with a better history and serviceability.
😢😢😢😢
He is more patient than me,i would have swapped a  arb on there so fast
it gets worse the more electronics GM put into those. working on my dad's 2000 DTS with the dreaded northstar engine tested my wits as a lad
Think Derek was right....that thing was haunted. It was dead set on not moving an inch.
Where are your safety glasses  ?
I'm guessing when this thing rolled into the dealership for warranty work sick days were used.
Does Derek edit out the swearing and tool throwing? I feel like this episode surely had some
Love watching your programme can we start wearing safety gear please don't want you to get an injury
Carb or a 6.0 LS
My goodness that muffler had me absolutely dying! Haha
Gut it and big block it!
Your humor definitely and artfully masks any hint of frustration this abomination of a dumpster fire motor and Heathkit style electronics.  Had an in-law that had this fright train (spelled as I intended) in a Seville, bragged and boasted about how wonderful it was as it lemon-lawed its way into quick quiet traded footnote. Perhaps a transplant of an LS,  or a derby car in its future?  Love your enthusiasm.
I’m not a huge fan of the moving camera angles. It’s not VGG, it feels more like horsepower monster.. aka engine masters wannabes lol
Dig a hole and bury it. -Lane
Next time relief cut the bottom and take a pie piece out then bend it down then cut the top. Not having a sawsall experienced!
Derek you had me in stitches when you were trying to get the muffler off…
GM cars from this era hastened the demise of GM. Don't walk away... RUN!!
Carburetor or for sale sign.
A 455 olds or a 500 caddy!
I know it’s painful to deduce that your audience might be entertained via your agony, but the truth is, when you hit an obstacle and uncork your unique and highly hilarious responses, that is pure gold.  It ain’t when things go well, as you so abundantly have concluded….it’s when the feces hits the fan, and the challenges rear up do you rise to your golden heights.  Thank you, bro.
Cruising down the street in my 6-4
A ( U ) an a ( k )  what's that spell "" Junk "" what's that spell. "" junk )   YOU SAID MIT YOUR SELF STOPED. 6 MO.  LATER. NOW BACK Yard. VOTE BLUE 2024 PLAY HOUSE😮😮
Maybe check out the water temp or manifold air sensor, had a similar issue with EFI on a 76 Cad, start but shut down, I ended up putting a variable resistor (used a volume pot) to trick the computer it was ok, then measured the resistance of the pot once I was happy and replaced with a resistor in line until I could find a replacement sensor - on the 76 the 2 sensors I mentioned are same part number
Would love to see this CRUSHED be the pancaker 9000
I hope you and your family were not affected by the tornadoes in Tennessee. Can you do a carburetor swap on this car? If so, I would be very interested in seeing that!
😮😮😮. ,,MAGIC MAN  GIVE ME A  ( J ) ME A ( IU )
GM always used a asphalt type strip, with a backing made of some fabric, under the gas tank straps.  It kept the straps from wearing through.   I worked in a junkyard in the  70’s-80’s.  j/s   Great show, great finds.  Soo glad it wasn’t a 80’s Olds “diesel” you were working on.  I know way to much about them..     thanks again.
After seeing what this did to a guy, I will never own a Cadillac.
What about an engine swap?
I wonder if it could be the injectors.  I don’t know how the tbi system works just not super familiar with it but I know on some other style fuel injection systems when the injectors go bad it will have the same symptoms where it will start and run for a couple of seconds and then dies, because the bad injectors draw too many amps and freak the computer out
Great video Derek you tried hard, as I have said before,  a lesser man would have bowed out long before you did,  Great effort, you're  the man!!!😊
I believe they use Coolant temp sensor to tell it how to run
Strip all that crap out from under the hood, and do an engine swap for one of ye olde 8 liter!
I don't what but I cracked up at  6:59
Epic episode lol
I would put a vacuum gauge on it . If you have a vacuum leak (Low vac) it will cause the injectors to overspray.
This has to be one of my favorite episodes.......The runaway brake drum fleeing the scene and then the fire in the hole.........absolutely hilarious.  I laughed so hard my dogs starting barking at me......🤣🤣🤣🤣
That rear bumper looks like it just needs pushing into place with the plastic gone. Lol.
Well it ran good for a while seems like you may have a bad connection at coolant temp sensor and when you installed the air cleaner you disturbed it. Maybe just a guess 35 years chasing that kind of crap good luck and thanks for the laughs
Fantastic vid. You had patience  I would have thrown many things.  Diesel swap surely tho.
I worked at Coast Cadillac and they were a night mare but I give it to you I've walked away from them and never looked back 😅
As Kenny Rodgers says , know when to walk away! I'd have walked too...
So the bad starter was from O'reillys? I'm guessing that's the problem, and for obvious reasons you didn't want to say it. Good to know.
You did not say u can add it for 45 dollars more 🤣🤣 got me crying 😂😂
She has a mind of her own.
Watching you learning how to rebuild a Tbi as you go was an absolute joy 😂😂😂 Thanks for that
I fell asleep to this video. Now that cars starter noise is pert of my nightmares.
This caddy should definitely be called Christine.
Seriously, if you would have just parked it on the lot, that converter would have been gone before morning.
B bodies are awesome…. Except for the engines.  Sad a 305 caprice is the “hot” motor choice
It’s a shame to se your formidable skills wasted on a p o s like this. Sorry
I've never seen a car I wanted to be blown up so badly, then engine swapped for something that works (no computers)
I bought a 1983 coupe d'ville back in the late 90's with a ht4100 motor that had blown head gaskets. I yanked the ht4100 out and replaced it with a 350 rocket out of a smashed 70 cutlass. Awesome car, wish I had never sold it.
How about an LS swap.  A cushy boat.
you r very funny! nice try though.
Best muffler removal EVER
Perfect candidate for a 6.0 supercharged.
I think a blown big block would fix all this cars woes😎
By far the best video yet.    Car is kicking your ass.   Drum spinning off and leaving the bay ensures millions of followers for years to come.    Any way to pull up codes? Computer diagnostics?? Loyal fan here.   U inspire me never to give up  Thanks
new IAC and a distributor pickup sensor
You have to admit this was an adventure.
Should have bought a Ford 😉
My grandfather had the same exact car. Cadillac worked on that thing so many times they decided to just replace the whole entire motor and electrical system because they could never get it to work right. After that the car was great, got about 8 miles to a gallon, but it was a nice car.
The muffler part was hilarious.😂😂
Derek. Love the vids. But you spitting and hawking lewgies on that person's nice garage floor really disturbed me. Some people take pride in their shops. If I seen you do that in mine, you would have been cussed out. Please stay humble and have a better level of respect of other people's stuff.
Chrysler and De Soto had some very rare EFI cars in 1958, on the 392 and 345 Hemi motors. It was called the Bendix Electrojector.
This tbi system really really really reminds me of Ford's EEC IV multiport injection system 😅😂 the fuel injection technology of the 80s was absolutely horrific! Idle air circuits, idle air control valves, temperature sensors for everything, all the hoses and tubing and vacuum lines everywhere 😂😂😂 all packed into a low horsepower gas guzzling big displacement package
Looked like anaerobic sealer on the upper injector housing.
I love your patience and appreciate you trying so much to get this old girl running. Maybe in the future huh?
' the brake drum has traveled farther "  🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
A lot of fun to watch!
Crusher
Picked Sherlocks ear.He thinks Derrick should put a injected 500 in it, short gear,radar armor, lead armour, gas armour,.Along the way , figure out too provide three times more courage for a successful finish.
Big aluminum intake aluminum heads and a holley fi
This is entertaining.  But, what messy, frustrating way to make a living.
Coupe de Villes were made from 1949 to 1993.
MAN IM DEAD☠☠☠☠☠☠💀 (its a joke)
Probably one of the better interiors youve encountered. Sad... It would have been a plush 500 mile ride home...
O'Riley: I desire.... suffering.
Try a coolant temp sensor! It will fail to -40 and just dump fuel.
There was a creeper hanging on the wall the whole time lol, would have saved you from having to scoot under the car so many times
Temp sensor to computer bad
1 minute unskippable ads.  Good job YouTube.
Hats off to the camera person. I would not people able to hold it still from laughing.
I'm super curious as to what you will do with this one?i vote carb swap
I watched this great one last night, now I'm getting eBay ads for throttle body injectors!  😀
Laughed so hard at the muffler scene. He’s hilarious
My sister inherited an 81 Cadillac 8-6-4 Coupe DeVille from my dad in the late 90's. Well, she was never good with vehicles. For example, she had a 78 Malibu that she beat to heck, never any maintenance. She had to drive it 45 miles to take a test to be certified to be a respiratory therapist. She got off the interstate, and when she got to the light, the car was on fire. She left it and let it burn as she high tailed it to her appointment. Anyway the Cadillac's water pump went bad and a friend of her son's said he could fix it. He got it tore apart, removed the water pump, but never returned  to finish the job. It sat about 3 or 4 months. Then one day my dad says lets go fix your sisters car. All the brackets were disassembled there we're brackets off of other brackets, and we had no clue where everything went. We went to a parts store got the water pump and new belts and antifreeze, then the fun began. It took us about 4 hours of this looks like it goes there, but it didn't. Or maybe it goes there with this other bracket. By some miracle we got it back together. I remember when they got the car brand new it came with leather seats and a factory integrated C-B radio off the am fm radio cassette player. Another thing that never caught on.
Drop a new V 6 in it
As my father in law always says, of course it doesn't work... IT'S ELECTRONIC!  Then proceeds to tell me all about Bolinder engines  🤣🤣🤣
Should have Cummins swapped it day two
id put a Holly snyper on it
I would like to see a carb swap on the Cadillac if it's possible.
Good 👍 job man drop a carb on it change out the computer to recognize that your using a carb
as nice as the body is on this baby could it be LS swap time ???
500 swap
I was gonna say use a spark plug follower on the O2 that works also
I’m sorry , great episode but the camera man needs to go to film school- you do better in your own
im wondering if that alternator not charging might be the problem
LS swap
V8640Uberbeer.
How does a feller go about having the intestinal fortitude, to work on a vehicle in a shop this clean??? I'd miss every drain bucket I  attempted to use, and every fluid known to man would be covering that floor in about 32 seconds. Makes me nervous! 😆
*coughcoughhackweeze*   It's in my soul!  LMAO
All that stale exhaust, my eyes were watering!
Carb Swap!
Dam Derek you tried everything 😕  good 👍 job trying
I would be really interested in trading for this car. My dad wanted a white Cadillac with maroon interior, he died in 03. We had an 81 Fleetwood Brougham Maroon with Maroon interior and the 4/6/8 motor. It's one of the cars I drove a lot in high school. I have a 1984 Dodge Rampage I'd be interested in swapping you for it.
Dude that was amazing! You tired your hardest man! More failures! It was top comedy. How you kept your patience was most impressive - legend 😂❤
motor.... toss a big ole 502 in that beast
Flashback to Ft Drum rebuilding a tbi on an 87 v1500 gmc in my buds garage for the first time. Nicked the injector o ring of the injector of course seating it the first time. Enjoy your work Derek, have a nice day.
Carb swap!!!!!
my first vehicle i had ever bought was a 1999 Acura Integra with the automatic seat belts 4 banger with the 5 speed only if i could find that car again great on gas
Lately I’ve been laying on flattened moving boxes and dragging a cheap plastic snow sled on a rope for tools and parts.
I applaud the attempt. I mean you tried everything to get that thing on the rode. Terrible design. Engine compartment looks like a bowl of noodles. Great try buddy!
Just throw a GM V6 in it , so it can sell
Ok I understand you make money off the adds but really eveey 10mins.
Should of found the local tweeker to get that cat out
LS!!!
Love the video thanks
ets sensor
My grandmother bought a new V8-6-4 Sedan Deville in ‘81, it ran well for 10 years and all of about 45k miles going to the piggly wiggly and first baptist church. I recall the valve cover liked to leak, I changed the gaskets a few times, good grief the hoses and stuff to get through!
Up on jack stands, no tires on, trying the transmission, engine running like crap, and what, Elvis has left the building!!! Uff Dah!!!  That there is some funny stuff…….
You should show how easy it is to swap on a carb and turn that caddy into a goin to town rig
I think "Cadillac" is french for "leave it and walk away".
Safety glasses.. dust mask..  good things
Derrick, you absolutely destroyed that brand new muffler. Hope your lungs are happy!
Carb swap! It would be great to see you show us how you do it
1:51:10 Idle air control... you were headed in the right direction. That's why when adjusting the threads seemed to help. The little motor inside the iac is not working correctly. They have plastic gears inside of them that go bad. That's why revving at high idle sort of bypasses the IAC. That particular IAC motor is also used on the early Northstars and Dodge Dakotas, etc. IAC motor is what was making the clicky clacky sounds when the engine wasn't running at 1:41:50.  Replace IAC motor. It sounds too easy, but they just go bad.
God bless you for having the patience of Jobe, Good work though. Keep up the good work!
WOW what a video. I cannot stop laughing Derek. Swap or dump that computer and you have your self a runner.  When the brake drum fell off I lost it.
That starter sound is now bored into my brain.  Also, obviously an LS Swap with a blower through the hood.
Camera man did an awesome job keeping up with you. Huge pat on the back for him
Very few videos do I feel like Derek is getting excessively frustrated but this one is definitely one of them. What complete junk - all the domestic stuff in the early to mid 80's was just unreliable garbage like this. Crush it.
I bought a 2000 Grand Prix repairable car. All I needed was a rear quarter panel and one front fender. Got the car done and couldn't keep it running just like this old Cadillac and only had like 30,000 Mi on it. So I just jammed it into gear and drove it about a 100 Mph   for 10 miles and it was all fixed never gave me trouble since
Cadillac's are the nicest cars in every way except when they need work as then they become a nightmare for you and your wallet !!
Calculating "real-time" fuel-air ratios with a slide rule wasn't such a great idea huh, Cadillac ?  Nice to see that long term reliability of the technology was a PRIORITY.🤣
Oxygen sensor won’t fix your cold start, vehicle is in open loop (preset table based on temperature), so this won’t help you. Coolant sensor reading too cold will cause excessive fuel, bad MAP sensor (common on this style). Also, you put a new fuel tank, pump, etc. But didn’t change the fuel filter, maybe so crap shoved itself back into your injectors…
Lol beating that muffler - been there 😅
Proof that Sasquatch is real 1:35:28
Careful @ 2:18:41 You sang an R Kelly tune!  LOL.  Although I assume most who made it that far into the video are normal Americans that don't believe in cancel culture.
Go aftermarket FI (Sniper2, etc.), I'd think it would be pretty easy transition since the fuel system is already FI ready.
Engine swap
This is the exact reason I love carbs and no computers ❤❤❤😊 Derek showed this car who the boss was with no digital machine help.
I would love to see a carb swap on that Cad, and see you get it running and driving. It looks like a great body . It would be a shame for it to just sit in the field and rust away. .
To sad, yeah make a carb swap
Hi Derek sorry for bothering you but when will the duster be given away
I'm from Scotland but lived and worked in the States from 1988 until 1998. In 1989 I bought an immaculate 1981 Cadillac Coupe de Ville 8-6-4  from a retired American Airlines Captain for $3,500 when I was living in Chicago. It was Royal Blue with Navy Blue leather, solid steel hub caps with red inserts and the Cadillac emblem. I can't remember how many miles I put on it but I drove that car every where for two years.  Chicago to Miami and back (circa 3,000 miles), every weekend from Chicago to Milwaukee and back as my then girlfriend attended Marquette and it never missed a beat. If I remember correctly it cost roughly $20 to fill her up, around $1 a gallon then. The MPG Sentinel worked flawlessly and I remember it reading 16 mpg around town driving and high 20s on the motorway (highway) when the variable displacement system kicked in also showing how many cylinders were running. It was a 368 cubic inches (6 litres) L62 engine. Essentially a 6 litre V8 would become a 4.5 litre V6 or a 3 litre V4 when cruising. The one thing I did regularly was an oil and filter change and wash it. The only thing that went wrong in that time was the thermostat, driver's side window regulator and exhaust (muffler). When I eventually sold it the buyer contacted me about a month later saying it was falling apart and failing. Kinda like the Bluesmobile in the Blues Brothers movie when their mission was accomplished. 😀 I still have photos of it but can't upload onto YouTube. I enjoyed this video as I haven't seen one since and the memories came flooding back. I guess it just proves, as with all vehicles they're meant to be driven because if they sit idle for prolonged periods it gives the mechanical gremlins a chance to set up shop and go to work. 👍🏻
HELL of an effort!! I don't think I've seen you slither the floor that much EVER. The launch of the drum was CLASSIC. My brother-in-law and some other students at an Agriculture engineering school in MO began the design on this engine in the 70's for an AG engine, NOT a passenger car. The story goes that the college sold the idea to GM and they took it and proceeded to wreck it.  Great effort!!!
34:33 be right back, a guy’s gotta go get his ear drums replaced.
And them fumes are helping the situation......NOT
All seriousness, Derek with ball cap on backwards he's nearing wits end ?
LS swap
The main reason I actually DO like the TBI is that, for fuel injection, instead of having to replace 4, 6 or 8, depending on your motor, you only have to replace the two injectors. Now having said that, I had a 1989 Chevy Cheyenne with the 4.3 with TBI and it was a standard. The injectors were meh and needed a good cleaning but I had just gotten it. It went dead trying to go on a very steep hill because it wasnt getting enough gas. I do know how to drive standard. There was a car behind me and this truck still had the neutral safety switch. Thank God my dad was in the truck with me. I had my feet on the clutch and gas and he put his on the brake. I got her goin and got the rippems up enough and we were finally able to go. It was funny at the time. Im glad we got to share that experience. We were laughing the whole way back to the house.
too many ads f u
Carb swapaltorige
Bill nye's best show was when he showed up in stargate Atlantis 😂
Thanks Derek, this is the exact episode to remind me why I won't buy a car built between 80 and 2000.
Well the drum goes FASST!!!  XD_ _ _  I haven't laughed that hard in SO LONG!  I had a '81 Seville and a '92 Broham XD_ _ _
I want to see a big block swap
Well…if it was me, I would buy a rebuilt Rochester 2 barrel, a fuel pressure regulator, and buy or fabricate an adapter, and get that POS home.
LS swapped it, pull that junk motor out drop in that LS motor…. Wondering 🤔 what that guys up to?
What a pain!
The many problems you're encountering on just this lone 4-6-8 Caddy are just the tip of the iceberg.  The infamous Cadillac Diesel was a bust of the highest order also.  And it wasn't just Cadillac or GM either.  Fords had their Problems and Chrysler Pppfff what a joke, did any one say the 2.7 V-6 was a marvelous motor?   If European and Asian cars are well entrenched on our American highways it's because while the Big 3 car makers were building  low -end Pinto's, Vega's, Colts and AMC trying to save itself with the Gremlin and the pacer, the Europeans were building BMW's, Audi and Volvo's while the Asians were building Subarus, Toyotas, Mitsubishis and Nissans.  The high end luxury stuff like Mercedes, Porsche, Bentley and Rolls, were driving smoothly while Lincolns, Cadillacs and Imperials  or LeBarons were in dealerships getting full usages out of their manufacturer's repair warranties.
My cousin's '82 Delta 88 had the very same wire wheel covers...  Drop in a small block  chevy...
Please wear a mask and safety glasses
carb swap an sell
It’s a gorgeous
Those injectors have those new o rings seated correctly? Maybe they are letting too much fuel past? Didn't seem like the parts store was 100% on the right rebuild kit the way Derek showed it near the beginning. Fuel injectors on my 1988 Crown Vic were leaking a bit. The car had a rough idle but not like with this Caddy. You can tell if they are not shutting off like they should by looking at them with the fuel pressure on full and not turning the engine over. They should be in 100% shut off, no fuel!  If they are off then maybe replacing the TPI was the answer, not sure if Derek actually got around to doing that.     IMPORTANT POINT: don't use a cheap meter to diagnose. They use too much power from their penlight battery and can damage sensitive computer sensors. Must use a high quality digital meter and or a LED test light. LED's use small power too. Doesn't have to be a $400 Fluke. I use an Ideal meter and even those low priced Chinese meters are great. I have two made by Vicimeter. One even lights up the display. VC97A is a wonderful meter for less than $40 on sale.    I should point out TPI sensors are just a variable resistor and can be checked with an ohm meter. Specs need to be known for what is correct though. A Haynes manual for fuel injection might provide that but for that one off maybe. TPI's are pretty much the same. Other GM vehicles that used advanced carburetors and O2 sensors probably would have the same specs. I replaced the injectors on the Crown Vic with used ones that did work correctly and the old Ford idles nice now. I have a little trick to test used fuel injectors off vehicle to see if they shut off 100%. If nobody wants to know that I'll just sit on that info.    I guess those old Caddy's did not have OBD1 ports or did Derek not really care why the engine light was on? Newer cars always dump more fuel in "limp home mode" so that might play a part here. That MPG Sentinel was shown as the computer sensor tester if the buttons are pushed in the right sequence. Another channel claimed there were no indicators generally to even see if you are doing anything with the Sentinel. Looks like fun project if you have the time to spend on it. Seemed the A/C compressor engaged while turning the engine over. Why?
Watching the EFI rebuild be done with a hammer was everything I pictured when I saw the title of this video... and to everyone who says working on cars must be so relaxing and peaceful, needs to watch the exhaust portion of this video. 100% relatable
Seeing your experience with this exhaust system mirroring my own made me feel better about myself.
You should thank your camera man for letting you flop the whole exhaust pipe up and down for that long instead of bending it at the cut.
Derek don't give up on her. Like to see it on the road. Thanks for great entertainment.
This engine was the engine of today! Very futuristic but wasn’t working due to electronics not working properly.       The car has a 1 year old engine yet it still doesn’t run explains a lot!       I’d pull that engine and replace it with one more reliable  (Of course not a north star engine either 😂)
I've had two fifth generation Cadillacs and I agree with @mrmchaffey and his "bad temp sensor" diagnosis. Also watching you struggle with the muffler is what my wife and I call the Family Guy frog out the window bit
Hello Derek, I really enjoyed your video you made me laugh and your patience was unbelievable. If I was you, I would get an intake a Rochester carb or any carb that would fit and call it a day and save that old caddy. Thank you, Derek.
I own and know these cars and loved this eposode.  I think what happened was when you started messing with that throttlebody is where things went wrong.The injectors were stuck but just maybe a 12volt car battery across the terminals could have unstuck them... Next when you pulled that throttlebody apart and pulled the injectors out caused a internal leak and was dumping gas in.. I think if you take that throttle body off and rebuild it right it will run great...
Thats a good car.  That engine control system is annoying.  If you rebuild it and bring that compression up, you will have something.  Cloth interior is nice.  Had a budy of mine that had the red interior leather.  Real nice car.  You should put up the prices you are paying on these cars, and the price of all the parts and what not you have to get and use in order to get them going, as well as tow fees and hours.  That way if people try and do the same thing, they know what they are getting into.  I may know where that car came from.
What a complete failure of an engine.  Easier to just junk it.
I was a baby mechanic back in 81, These cars were junk right off the showroom floor.
ROFLMAO that hub!!!!
I like your thought process of "The oil filter I put on just so happens to be the same oil filter I can't remove"
Sell
Im sure you wanted to throw a few wrenches across the room a few times. Congratulations on keeping your cool brother. My dad had one similar to this one and when my brother would work on it he would cuss and that's how I learned colorful language. Keep up the good work. You are a national treasure.
Man that engine bay has so much room for activities.  LS7.  Reupholster interior to leather, and you've got a sweet highway cruiser.
Keep chemicals out of mouth please.
I had to back it up and watch the drum take off out of the building, that was awesome 😂🤣. Think this one was really testing your knowledge.
Burn it. Wait no to harsh put a fleetwood brougham motor in it. The actual 500cu engine . Not the 429. Then bore that 500 30 over and get a composit driveshaft because it definitely will twist it.
I have thrown folding chairs through windshields in half the time over frustration. Well done. I would have pushed it in a lake the moment after it went back to cam mode.
The dedication! Wow....
Prime candidate for an engine swap, or gut all the 4,6,8 stuff, computer, and TBI.
I kinda thought at first,,a computer module it needs,,too bad. Such a nice coupe cannot function,,,damn cars with EFI,, and hat's effing,,swap a carbureted 400 Cid lol
Who cares???  It was and is a POS car LOL 😜
Fun project. @vicegripgarage maybe I missed it but I dont recall seeing you check for trouble codes? The ALDL port to pull codes should be at the bottom of the dash near the steering column. It's very primitive but reading the hard codes may help find some failed components.
mechanics last words I got it, LOL nope not today. EFI's were total junk, , Period. The drum roll was priceless, made my day.
carb swap ..ive never seen VGG throw in the towel.
The worst idea they had for an engine
Early saturns had those choker autoseatbelts
I bought a new Eldorado in 1981.  With the choice of three bad engines, I chose the V6 which was extremely underpowered.  The Coupe deVille was introduced in 1949, the Sedan deVille in 1956.
TRW CC 827, Pontiac Full Size Center link……….What a piece is 3/4 round steel
Running auto parts taught me who was good, and who sucked…..
Gut all the faulty tech and swap for carb or other EFI.  Or just engine/trans swap.  It could make a good going to town car.
Can't say you didn't try. I suggest passing it on and let someone else take the carburetor challenge known as the 81 Cadillac.
Having started my auto career and deliviering auto Parts in Montvale..N.J Thank Yoo Marty…….All Local mechanics, hated such JUNK………
We were just talking 'bout the variable displacement caddies today!
Gut the computer and carb swap it. Get your own computer and tune it your way. Better yet, Jam the gas pedal and lauch it off a boat ramp. Get the most out of the 1,800 pluse parts and time you have in it.
Efi pumps are 45 psi, Cfi pumps are 15
Derek, There are times when your fans ant to help…….. The Caddey needs to be clown up with Tannerite….. I wii contribute…. Let me the fair to lay $ 100.00 down……..Cadillac needs to double down one donation as. This was one mechanical, Piece of $hit….
The Kevin Costner, Water World reference done me 🤣
I have a cursed 1981 Cadillac
Might sound weird, but I wish you were my teacher teaching me this stuff.
Ls swap
Thank Ralph Nader for cats.
I can't believe that entire O'Reilly's shop did not have a sawzall in it to cut the exhaust off.
EFI maybe just run as a eight cylinder.. i mean i looked pretty.
drum
Hilarious!
They make an o-ring specific lube call O lube... but you can always use DC4 on all o-rings
I've never been less interested in a car, but dangit if a guy isn't entertaining to watch!
I'd like to see it returned to a Lux-o-boat status.  Drop some V8 you have sitting around with one of those Holly EFI kits and see about making her a nice going to town rig.
My favorite part is you struggling with the muffler because I’ve had many same experiences just struggling spending time trying to remove an exhaust 😂
This (And betty white) are the 2 cars i would really love to see fully restored. Its in fantastic shape and i bet would make an amazing cruiser for Jessica or the family.  Id put a newer but basic engine in it just to make it a little more reliable and cut all the crap out. Love it
When I seen the title of this caddy I knew it was gonna be a struggle due to the engine 8,6,4 had issues.  I’m surprised you got it to run-ish at all Derek. The body is really solid you should recoup your money from it.
Oh man, that brake drum divorcing itself from the vehicle was epic. It totally went with the whole project. My experience with TBI dumping fuel was the coolant temp sensor 2 wire funny enough. The computer relied on coolant temp for fuel mapping. Could be bad injectors maybe. Great video, laughed a lot
My wife will actually watch you videos with me, and jabs me with Derek Speak when I'm fixing something in the house. But this Episode was Xtra special , because I have been reviving her brothers 1972 Olds 98 oner the last 3 weeks....and I had to have a few things in the dining room, til we could get together and hang them.....gas tank, fuel senders, brake drums, muffler...etc.  her brother and I would start around 3, and come in after dark, filthy dirty, and grumbling. She wanted to know what we were doing out in the Driveway. This episode is Exactly what we did.....replaced exhaust all the way to the headers, new Fuel tank, sender,Pump ,and lines, new brake lines, and drums, discs and pads all the way around. Started the car, it draws gas from the tank, and idles, but the accelerator pump on the carb is in business for itself . All the lights work, but the alternator is iffy. My Wife is impressed, at last instead of rolling her eyes . She took her driving test in this Rig😊Thanks Derek.... Im glad our choices seem VGG ordained. Back when I was a little feller, my Uncle Skips solution was to just remove the Hood Ornament...   Then drive a different rig under it, and reinstall!😉
Him tasting the oil like a fine Italian wine
Oh no. Up until like 5 minutes before the end I was still anticipating that unplugging a sensor or another will just let it run in “limp mode” which is like 100% normal v8 mode 😂  Too bad. When it believed it can, it ran sooo nice.
Computer swap or carb swap. "Let it burn" was the the thought that went through my head, but that wasn't one of the options, was it?   I love Cadillacs and have owned several. I'm normally pretty good at seeing the value in preserving almost any old car, but I have to try much harder with this one.
That is a very attractive Coupe DeVille. It is just screaming for a 5.3 swap to make it a comfortable cool cruiser with the power AND reliability the factory couldn't give it. I had an '81 Diesel... the OTHER terrible engine that year. I swapped a Kruzick 500 into it and that made it way more better.
My first car was an '82 Cutlass Brougham edition 3.8l and that thing was a dog pile of cr@p. Very comfortable until you get dry-rotted headliner foam in your retinas!
you should put a carburator on it and put a new computer in it. Thanks for trying to make it run. Cheers Rob
That is a trash of an engine! I feel for Derek. One of the most intense (and entertaining) revivals yet!
Just don't mess with a Cadillac. They have too many problems even until this day
Bet the capacitors in the ECU are as dry as an old man’s balls.  Probably a recap of the large capacitors would solve the intermittent computer like issues. 80s mustang ECUs are similar electronics and need to be recapped(3 main capacitors) or it leads to wonky intermittent “sensor” like drivability issues that you can throw parts at all day but it’s the ECU.
After all the work I'd like to know what the problems are. Perhaps you can do an episode where you get it fixed and then convert to a carb setup. Also, why is it that all the cars you revive, none of the radios work? I'm waiting for a show about bringing a car back to life and the radio works for your drive home.
Don't ask me how, but the coolant temp sensor will do this to TBI for some reason. I would have tried that based on my experience.
Hey let me just tell you that this felt very real to all of us. You pushed through and did a great job with what you had. I laughed a lot, too. What to do with her? Gosh, I'm really not a fan of the car style at all so I'd probably put her in a local sledge hammer for 5 bucks raffle so maybe don't ask me. :)  Be sure to get those good parts out of there.
A carb swap would be pretty interesting. I'm all for decomputerizing these old cars
I have a 78 devil de elegance almost exactly the same. They're basically boats
last year i had a 1981 eldorado with this engine, it rand and drove good, but you could tell it was tired, i sold it, it looked nice though
I love how this vehicle is in principle so similar to modern engines just didnt have the hardware to work reliably.
Been there done that . My granny had an 81 Seville and I tried everything to get it to run , computer , sensors, harness , everything and still wouldn't do what it was supposed to . In the end we put it in her barn and said goodnight . It's been 30 years and I'm not about to pull it out and try again
I spent about an hour yelling at the screen to check/test/replace the coolant temp sensor.  Those early EFI systems had non-existent diagnostics, so you had to measure the "goesintos" and the "comesoutas" the ECM to see what it was seeing.  If the coolant temp sensor is unplugged, it thinks you are doing a cold start on the North pole, hence the flood of fuel.  If this wreck is still around, have someone check that and see what happens, I'd love to see it heading down the road somewhere.
I wish you could just somehow turn it into a v8 only just remove all electro-digitals.
Fine produkt by GM 💩💩😂 and people  say Ford är bad. 😂
You’ll probably never see this but it’s the engine temperature sensor. It constantly thinks it’s cold so it keeps priming. Happened to my 87 Chevy
LS it
I have an 87 Lincoln Town car I'm the third owner it only has 70,000 original miles the interior is immaculate but I'll tell you that program "Cash for clunkers" really hurt the classic car community there's a few parts that I am needing but are damn near impossible to find.. BTW the car drives and feels far superior than anything that they are making nowadays. I spend a lot of time in rentals so I know for a fact that that statement is true.... It has automatic windows, automatic seats, automatic dimming headlights, automatic AC and heat & still work flawlessly.
Almost everything I know about cars I've learned from u. I went from  barley knowing how to change brakes to rebuilding and  swapping engines. Plz do more EFI stuff. For some reason it just clicks better when I see u do it first. Thank u
Been there done that . My granny had an 81 Seville and I tried everything to get it to run , computer , sensors, harness , everything and still wouldn't do what it was supposed to . In the end we put it in her barn and said goodnight . It's been 30 years and I'm not about to pull it out and try again
I would like to see a carb conversion
Easy fix... loose the ecm. Put a Holley 500 with TBI to 2bbl carb adapter. Toss the computer controlled distributor. Put a distributor from a Cad 500 in there. Put a simple toggle switch to activate & deactivate from 4 cylinders to V8 at your will. I've done this several times
Car looks very solid. Swap a carburetor or TFI on it and call it a day. Lots of people did it back in the day.
Put a Oldsmobile engine in it and throw that engine in the trash😂
You have at least 2 options.#1,keep the car and do a complete engine and harness swap and have a really nice "going to town car",or ....sell the car to a demo derby enthusiast and let THEM sink $$$ into a simple engine combo and trash the car.What would I do?Keep it and build a comfy cruiser for Sick Week with a proven engine swap.
Is the manifold the same as for a Quadrajet?
takes a brave fella to take on a V8-6-4 Cadillac.  :)
I gotta say Derek, it looked like this one got the better of you.
Appreciate the perseverance! I would really like to see this thing run and drive, even if it means a carb swap or something else along those lines. I just don’t think this should be how it ends with this rig.
@34:33 that sneeze though!! 😂😂😂 sneezed soo loud you heard the echo inside the shop!! 😅😅
Fix the computer and learn all the aspects of it.
The Easiest fix would be to swap a SBC with the a carb .
Keep the car for an LS swap and a paint restoration to factory new stock
The Ford Topaz had those seat belts that would choke you when engaged. It was one of my fleet vehicles back in 1989.
I would be interested in seeing a carburetor swap on this car. I have a 93 caprice with TBI and might be wanting to do the same, so this would be instructive.
I have experienced so many car projects that went EXACTLY like that exhaust job. By the time you are done you wonder why you do what you do. Then, you do it again. That laugh of anger and distress at 1:09:40 spoke to my soul.
It was worth the price of admission just to see that brake drum take off!  Thanks Derrick-De-Vill.
Best line: this thing has more junk than Shakira has in the trunk 😂
How did it manage to cover 65k!?
I'm a fuel injection guy.  I like technology.  Not on this turd.  Throw in a 4 barrel and an HEI distributor (if needed), ditch all those stupid hoses and it will make it 500 miles just fine.  I suppose the other hiccup will be the electric fuel pump and require a fuel pressure regulator.
opening the throttle puts the E.C.M. in CLEAR /FLOOD mode,  i would install two new injectors.  looking forward to  an update.
I assume you're chucking the Terminator broccoli injection, but a last try might be a map sensor. That and throttle position are the fueling feedback to the ECU
Definitely carb swap it.  Let's see one of these rip the way it shouldve!
I vote to do an LS swap on the Caddy. Repair the rear corners and install dual exhaust with glass pack mufflers and do a brake job. Good to go!
It's a 4 wheeler issue I done a research paper in college on this issue and 87 percent of all accidents are caused by 4 wheeler and there is a accident every 19sec involving commercial vehicles
Do an LS Swap with huge horsepower and race it 1/4 mile
Id gut every shred of wiring and vacuum hose out of that thing and start fresh. I HATED the TBI in my old plow truck...so much so I got rid of it
I remember when those came out that it was supposed to be a great deal. No wonder they're not highly sought after today! The car itself is kinda cool, though. Pop a carb on it and make it a cruiser. Thanks for the video!
Leave it to Caddy to make a "Parts changer" out of a Qualified Mechanic.. Sorry Derek, this one beat ya.. Rent a U-haul with a trailer n haul that junk home n put it in the row of Never to run again cars.. Parts only.
Whatever you do, DONT drive it thru an inner-city!   The Ghetto Rats will steal it !!!!!!!!!
Are you willing to do a small block or mild LS swap and mate to existing Turbo 400?  I just need it to start and deliver over 185 hp to the rear wheels and working HVAC.  I will buy it: for $8000 cash.
The ECU is extremely voltage sensitive, you really need to get the charging system squared away before anything else. Love ya man❤
Can you run a fuel pumps like that dry?    Like how you was testing it
Still an awesome watch.  You can’t win ‘em all. 🤷‍♂️
I knew as soon as I saw the title that this wasn't going to end well.
The list is breathing!
Cut your losses and sell it.
This needs a twin turbo big block swap.
My dad use to put bag or big rag around muffler to try keep mess down in garage.  Just a fyi if not feel like breath that junk in.😊
They started that engine first in the Alanti 1986 -89 the 2seat edition to combat the corvette
I had a Saville with the hump    back trunk with engine I removed all that stuff n made a v8 only
Hat's off to that starter: had about 30,000 miles on it by the time the towel was thrown.
Are we calling this one Casper or Ghostrider she fought you more than the red chevelle ( Rocky)
"I'm anxious, I'm nervous, I have no idea what's going on" this is me every day
I would love to see the OEM system fixed and get it up and running, not a carb swap.
My Dad bought an 81 Cadillac 468 an ended up suing GM because is was such a piece of junk. GM settled the lawsuit after three years with a new Cadillac.
BTW, if GM hired the engineers who designed this monstrosity, I'd hate to meet the applicants who they rejected!
What a fight!! I think this is a great candidate for a junkyard LS. Or a good old 350. Way to keep on fighting through! I would’ve thrown in the towel way earlier!
We really need a vehicle. Think we know how to fix it. New carb and com? We watch almost all your videos and came across this morning..if you want rid of it.
Hey O'Rielly's official Techno Bumper music... far out man. Supportive Bleep Boop .
I'm pretty convinced that if Derek couldn't figure this out, then nobody can.  A great effort!
Try to find a used tbi and computer and see if that fixes it. I would like to have it if I had the money to buy.
Why does this feel like a failed Road Worthy Rescues video.
Those aren't complicated computers. Either sensors or wiring are bad or the computer is
They didn't use the correct cover letter for the TPS report...LOL
He says everything's fine lmao
This car may be white, but it has a black spirit 😊
That car is way too nice for you anyways, but I feel that you should rip out the digitals and put a holly on it, that engine sounded strong, it doesn't need all that fancy stealth jet fighter stuff
Put a carburetor on it and call it fixed.
Looks to me like it needed a few impact adjustments with a sledge size adjustment tool on its flipadigit. Or just put a carb on it and go with what everyone knows works. 😁
Pull a valve cover and show us the typewriters...
I'm going to be the millionth and one person to say this was an awesome video Derek very real life scenario. Your a skilled badass and even the best have hard days. Def agreeing with everyone to say this is true mechanics spirit and hell of a good shot to fall short. Keep on keeping on
Awesome as usual! Very interesting how the critters migrated the under hood insulation to the exhaust system!
Back in the day this engine was under researched was not reliable many people raised a stink. People were starting to buy the Japan built cars for reliability.
No experience with this setup but I ran into this same problem on a tbi 350 and the injectors themselves were bad.
Always thought you should get someone to do the camera work for you, but now that you have someone it’s just kind of weird.😂 19:05
Honestly dude this schtick is getting pretty tired. Exact same template for videos, pretending you have a timeline. Blah blah blah. I still love you bro, but I'm getting tired of the same old videos
The car looks to be in good shape other than the engine not running right.  I wouldn't give up on it.  I would try a repair kit on the injectors or order new ones.  If you can leave the V8-6-4 disabled, that would be good.
Carb swap 👌🏻
My father bought one brand new - I was following him across Pennsylvania on the turnpike - all the sudden I was on his bumper on any upgrade. I got beside him and he said it’s stuck on 4cylinder (there’s a readout showing how many cylinders are running). He got mad and started smashing the accelerator pedal. Then saw some smoke and he started pulling away - I caught up to him (in my 1970 Formula Firebird) and he said, “now stuck in 8 let’s go!”
This fella looks like he’s slimming out a bit
My first car was an old S10. After the old ecm went my neighbor bypassed it with a couple of relays. Not sure how he went about it but it ran like a top for another 50k after that.
You know what they say: If the mice go past the muffler the cats always catch them
This Cars is  a Parts Mossberg.
Carb swap and sell it. I'm sure somebody would appreciate having an old cadillac that runs without issue.
Ya know we never see derick work on diesel motors and that looks like a pretty big engine bay... Turbo diesel swap?
Great episode like always but did this episode seemed forced to anyone else?  The Derekisms seemed more manufactured than off the cuff.
Clearly out of your element but way to persevere!
Junk it
Buddy, this was NOT a failure, NOT a disaster! You have very successfully let us know of a particular GM product to either RUN SCREAMING away from, or at the least, go in set and ready to replace the entire fuel system, and the ECM. The most important thing I heard you say was that there is apparently an adapter to fit up a carb. Thanks for the warning!!
Put a carb on it! Get rid of alion pipes hoses wires and stupid TBI!
Looking like its gunna be another engine swap here….
This channel has evolved so much since the days of a handful of tools out in a pasture - kind of lost its appeal....
Night ops... Drop it off at the Cadillac Graveyard.  Tape a $20 to it and a sign that says you're welcome.
You don't release warmer. Keep your thumb on warmer. Those dots go away after a countdown i think but probably not.
Holy dime a dozen commercials batman! Every 3 min a 15 sec commercial.. so annoying.. 😢 may not watch anymore.
Two choices here I reckon, full on Haltech or mend the original 😊
And that is why GM vehicles annoy me so much. There is nearly always something far more complicated than it needs to be falling apart at the most inopportune time and prevents the vehicle from moving forcing you to bypass everything to get it moving again.
Seems that the engine is OK, so an intake and a Holley EFI system would shape it right up, since it has a new tank and EFI pump'n'all. Incidentally, those wheel covers are wrong, the right ones have a large maroon center and look loads better. Cool car, I always did like that body style, they make great hot rod cruisers too. I'd swap in modern power and keep the V8-6-4 badges on the fenders for the funky cool factor.
If this video was released in the 90s, it would have come on two video cassettes.
Id buy it 😅/go to Summit Racing and get a EFI TPS kit and remove the 🐂 put K/N air ram maybeaSuperTurbo Charger that thing would run like a scaled Rabbit paint Vice grips on the side red 🤍 and 💙
Well a fella has so many questions but would putting a carb setup work due to the computer not interacting with it? Would love to see it drive, please don't give up. Betty White lives on.....
Wow! Your patience amazes me! Unload that monster!
Looks like a coolant temp sensor issue
Carb swap
I want to see this brought back to life with a modern engine. Keep the AC and all of the options to see if you can get them all working and reliable. But make it a sweet, nice running daily for someone.
I would love to see the engine taken apart just to see what it is made of.   Great job trying to get it running,  looks so aggrivating. If you can sell it ,I'd let it go....
excellent I love your show. Change engine,or try the carb thing. that body is worth doing something with.
Dude…. I’m sure you’ll never read this but you are my idol!
That's why my dad swap the motor in a Cadillac like that that was for my mom and put a big block in it, I remember when I was a kid
What a fight with that POS Cadillac you had! I could really see how it was wearing on your patients. Way to hang in there and get through all the aggravation. Seems to me All the problems happened after you changed the brake lines. Probably caused a short to the engine causing it not to run right. 😂
Derek, you and the family have a wonderful Christmas and a Happy New Year! Resolution for next year is to save more cars with less digital stuff.
Well you tried and tried and tried................and tried. I take my hat off to you Sir for another great episode of VGG 🔧👍
LS swap!
TPS sensor, engine thinks you’re at wide open throttle and  spraying tons of fuel.  Happened to me.
Another great video but I got to tell you, Derek the best part of this video was watching you put yourself in that front seat.
Carb swap it or swap a 500ci Cadillac v8 in. Be a heck of a burn out car with a 500.
Barry White - the original AI menace  Derek you are simply the best This program could be rated: V L PG , It also included 24 carat Derek' isms: "Whiter than a Celin Dion concert" "A mahogany axe handle wrapped in wet woollen socks" "Is it on fire...again" "The brake drum has travelled farther than the vehicle itself"  This car has a sound body, interior is fantastic, tight motor  which will  run, just need a carb and delete of any unnecessary items.
2:03:08  I was really starting to criticize my choices in life by spending 2 hours watching Derek fuck with one of the worst Cadillacs ever made and then WHEEEEE!  ROTFLOL
replacing the coolant temp sensor by the thermostat usually fixes that problem. get a gm one and try again
UUUh, can we get to it?
Compare the amount of time he spent on removing the muffler and Cat, he could have gone to the store, purchased a sawzall, and returned.
What a weird, generic shop...
I have the same exact yellow shop light..
Derik you are definitely  a very patient man I would have parked it about mid video and moved on. Everyone I know that owns that type of Caddy complains about it. Keep it up Derik yuo are impressive
I had a fuel dumping problem with my Toilet Bowl Injection and it ended up being the engine temperature sensor and its connection.
I've owned two of those, my first one being an identical copy of what you're working on, and my second one a Fleetwood Brougham coupe.  That engine was very misunderstood by the media, as there was nothing really wrong with it.  Granted, the computer was not fast enough, and cause drivability problems/lunging because the computer was too slow, and would wait too long to re-add cylinders.  To successfully use the car one only needed to cut the sense line from the tranmission to the computer so it always stayed in V8 mode.  It didn't save a drop of gasoline, but was still a cast iron Cadillac motor, with that fantastic TH400 bull-stout transmission. I drove the first one past 200,000 miles, and the second one past 150,000, paying a total of $2,200 for both cars - one heck of a good buy.  That Fleetwood Brougham coupe is still floating around in my neighborhood somewhere.  The car was under-powered, but still smooth as glass and genuine Cadillac rugged.  It was the last gasps of air for cast iron blocks, as the next year HT4100 was a total disaster for Cadillac and anyone who bought one.  I do like your comical descriptions of certain parts, such as "shift juice."  Reminds me of blinker fluid.
That catalytic converter is worth the same as the car
Pull all that and LS swap. Be a goin to town rig that's more reliable
It would be kool to find somebody who knows that system by heart and have them do an episode with you to show how it works and repair it. Of coarse finding parts is prob a no go as well
is it possible, and i don't know if you had already checked it, but i know with most 1 gen fuel injection, no matter the manufacturer, that if the coolant temp sensor has failed, i've seen obd 1 ford fuel injection have hard starting, over fueling issues, lean fueling, rough idle, etc until warm .  then completely run fine, as it turned out the coolant temp sensor was telling the computer that the engine was warm, giving a "warm engine" fuel map (to lean for a cold engine), and until the engine physically was warmed up, it would run like crap.  When i seen this one giving full tilt on fuel, it made me think that possibly the ect sensor is telling the computer the engine is cold and to give more fuel.  just a thought.
Best Of All  Its A Cadillac- No wonder company is on oxygen.
I talked to my dad about these cars last night. He was a GM master tech for 40 years and remembers these cars fondly lol. He said there was a wire they could cut to deactivate that cylinder management stuff because a lot of folks didn’t like it
Concerned ... Storms of past couple days were devastating, especially in TN.  Hope everyone is ok.  Plese let us know when you have a chance.  42-Jack
I think youre right, this car is too nice for you. it might run better if you beat up the fenders and knock out the floor
Can a brand new cadillac run and drive 500 miles? I see more brand new cadillacs broke down along highway than any other vehicle
Something oddly satisfying about watching someone else drop little screws and/or lose them. Makes me feel like Derek is a brother.
If the tbi on it is the same as what is on a 454 I have an adapter for a 2 barrel Holley carburetor.
That thing is haunted definitely sell it and move on Homie.
Hope to see you get that running. Low mileage Cadillac. Maybe replace the manifold and put a real carburetor. There has to be a retrofit. Don't let it beat you. Good luck luck
Do a Carb swap
Have any of you saw behind the glove box on these 864?? There is miles of spaghetti wires running everywhere with a huge brainbox with 3-5 plugs of wires going into it pretty wild looking at it 😅
Sorry Derek, this one should have hit the scrap heap 35 years ago! What a pile of junk!  I was getting frustrated for you having to deal with such a stupid car. Definitely not getting that great GM feeling!!!😅
The scene where you were trying to get the muffler off had me laughing so hard that I was crying!!! Great stuff. With the amount of time you put into that car you could have removed the engine, torn out all the nasty electronics and put the engine back with a carb then driven home. Thanks for the entertainment!
Man stop these "MADE UP WORDS"!!!!😢😢
Did the camera person work on the “Blair witch” project also?
Rip all that mess out under the hood and stick a mild built small block in there and enjoy it. Still a cool lookin car
Oh yeah. The raised letter areas do lineup quite nicely. I do believe you have what you think you have. Awesome video keep them coming. Thanks, Steph.
I do not know if this will help I have an 89 with the same TBI the plug on the driver side under the dashboard the you can hotwire it to where the engine light light up a certain amount of time you can count how many blanks and then search the code up
34:30 rip eardrums xD
Put a carburetor on it🤓
It's the old mice in the tail pipe trick
That thing would be cool all detailed out with a newer cts-v drivetrain swapped in
I remember reading an article talking about the F.I. system GM developed for this.  It was ahead of it's time for sure, but the technology just wasn't there to adequately do what needed to be done.  In the words of the article, they said it was like asking a toaster to run Halo.
The 6 liter engine is a good one that will go forever, the TH400 is solid as a tranny gets and it's got a 12 bolt. The cars in great shape and it's a Coupe DeVille.  Awesome car. Get it running right and it'll be one sweet Going to town car. The only bad part with this car is the 8 6 4 system. A carb is not a bad idea but it's such an awesome car that I would add some more power and maybe put a Holley efi system on it.  You can leave all the junk in the valve covers but those are hideous. I'd pull all the junk and get some regular valve covers on it. I don't know if you must replace rockers but whatever it takes to get those covers off. This was the last of the great drivetrains, the bones are solid. In 82 they got the 4.1 which wouldn't outrun a chevette diesel or last 20k miles plus it had a weak drivetrain behind it. The 81 is a beast and this CCDeville is beautiful. All it needs is a little PDR and filler panels. It's gorgeous. It was painful to watch at times and this car will always be contrary with this FI and garbage control. Just scrap all that. I felt your frustration. I wanted to see her on the road
I have a scan tool with the 4 pin adapter for the diag plug on them old beeches Can always LS swap it
If you can find a computer for that rig, buy it, repair the car, and sell it.
I must admit I was really hoping to see one of these ACTUALLY run. From what I heard, and I am no expert, the electronics of the time just were not up to the concept. Now of course this is commonplace. But even still a problems with lifters that twist and destroy themselves and GM and Chrysler. I don't know if Ford ever came up with the system. Probably good that they stayed away from it. But, was looking forward to see one of these actually run. You can see why they canned this. Valiant effort. Thanks for taking the struggle bus on this one so that we all learn.
well I live in Columbus Ohio And unfortunately the people who work at O'Reilly's in Columbus Ohio are so stupid 1:41 they cannot even find me a carbureted intake for an 88 mustang they just keep telling me it didn't come with a carburetor sir I don't know what to tell you then I asked them aren't you an official elderbrock dealer then they showed me and Edelbrock aluminum fuel injected intake
She's got a clean interior and the strongest starter ever! Unfortunately, none of that matters.
I have known many of those old systems changed to a full time V-8 be replacing the ignition system. And after that they work so much better. I change out my 2010 Silverado from that system to full time V-8 and I get better gas mileage and performance.
OMG - you tried everything with that thing short of an exorcism!  How about an engine swap from an earlier non-injection Caddy.
Enjoy the vids but good lawd we have ads! Worse than local channels at 2 AM!!
I would just do a intake and carburetor swap, throw some nice cheap duel exhaust with Flow Master mufflers and catalytic converter deleted an call it a day.
Clearly, this episode is the funniest one ever.  Nope.  Wait, yes it is.  So that's perfect.
Good cinematography 😎👍
Dude Derek, can we see more boats coming back to life only if they can float ok?   Hubby is going to rebuild my Dads 73' custom nordic with 455 olds and berkley out drive. Yes, he knows engine stuff like you. He loves me asking questions on what you are doing.Not😂 Boat almost in view, still in garage but may smell bad too? Think of avocado green & lime yellow boat, special paint design, gas peddle to match his vans back then. Dads had camper special& chevy all three matched. (boat too) Sully loved staying@ Echo Lodge❤ We will make a pass for Sullys boat after we get her runnin good again. 2024 Parker,ca near Sundance #1 Dad angel now❤ no sadness Sully87 was a good Dude!
You'll never be a successful catalytic convertor thief.
For Pete sakes just LS swap it and take all that computer stuff out.
Dude Derek, hubby & I found you recently on the tube. We love you & your family❤  Ok female question, be nice... Why do you waste your time on the RUSTY YUK? Its ok to have standards, maybe less rust then you can give away and others/youngsters can enjoy the classics?Loved Monte carlo, I remember my brother trying to shut heavy real doors back then on my leg ouch.   Maybe drawings to win cars ?? buy merch, leave a comment? We need to watch newer ones too. We laugh, when next video popps up and it usually you!   Thanks for makin us giggle, its been tough losing Dad and making sure kooky Mom is ok. Our fav Dog went to heaven too. You are messin with us newbies with your madeup words❤😂❤
Great video.  Terrible car! 👍
A much more affordable Cutlass for me  please
Chuck that 8-6-4 (368 c.i.) pos!  Find a 500 c.i. caddy or even a 472.  I've had a couple 81-cdville and eldo.  You can bypass that 864 option by disconnecting a wire from the trans.
That was an heroic effort to get it running. But as you say you win some, you lose some. Can I suggest that the next vehicle you purchase is a tilt tray truck. So when you lose one you can just winch it up and drive off. Cheers.
Derik pay someone to take it to the junk yard 😂😂😂😂
At least you can say it starts 😂 my cadillac however doesn't 😅
Or maybe with an electric engine.
If that car has an ambient temp sensor, I’d check that unit out.
Ok here is my in take on this ... this one didnt beat you .. you did get it running , just didnt drive it, I get home and do a engine swap , if you can find a nice older 472 for this girl  and some pumper coverages i flip it  or just get it o run on all 8  speacially being a solid clean car
“Electronics” from the 80s. Good fun. And later Mercedes and Jaguar tried the same nonsense with cylinder deactivation all over again
Their is a company called holley. I doubt a sniper would be as good as the quad it should of had,but it might be as good as a 600.
I feel ya, seems like everything I work on anymore!
Right when I was thinking what a piece of shit the brake drum took off, I have seen all your videos but have never laughed so hard 😎
this is a good mechanic. you dont get good when just popping in a new starter or a new fuel pump. you get good when things are rough and you figure things out. kind of like the saying "if you want to learn something then teach it"
I'd love to see a carb and/ or engine swap on this old girl! MAD RESPECT for persevering with that heap of an engine
I really commend you on working on a 81 Cadillac. Those things are horrible to work on. I can see your hat, go higher and higher on your forehead. When the despair started to sit in, that’s how you know a mechanic is fed up.
I was hoping you would burn it. When it started burning at the end. I was yelling burn, burn. 😂
Probably could have done a LS crate swap with way less trouble and easier... Lol
That starter sound is hard coded in my brain from childhood.
Whoa, this was painful to watch! I worked in an independent garage in the late 80s and we had quite a few 4,6,8s. This was an incredibly frustrating era of cars to be cutting my teeth on as you now know! Anyway, all of them had the solenoids disconnected. My shot from the hip is that it's the coolant temp sensor. Also, those screws on the injectors adjust the amount of fuel they deliver. If memory serves they were set at manufacture and not intended to be adjusted in the field. Also - hold off then add warmer. The two dots mean you're in diagnostic mode. I believe it will stay in open loop (no O2 sensor input) as long as that's going. I don't remember how but there's a way to cycle through the sensor readings that the computer is seeing. Pretty sure you'd see one of those was -40 and that would be the bad coolant temp sensor. Fwiw - I don't think the ECM is bad. I don't know how youd ever even find this comment! Hope it helps if you do.
So disappointed. Your crazy-tight schedule is a let-down.  If you can’t fix a car in a pre-set couple days, it’s over? Not cool. No resolution. (Especially on a Caddy, which I love, having owned a few myself…Though never a V8-6-4.)  Would’ve loved to see some kinda modern computer upgrade to make the cylinder-switching actually work. Surely someone with computer skills has developed a fix? A new modern computer?  Maybe not.  If not, someone should.  The main downfall of the V8-6-4 was that computer processor speed was in its infancy.  Though I’m doubly disappointed & unsatisfied from the time constraint And lack of resolution…To end This message on a positive, I’ll add that - The frustration/rage-yelling is a great addition. That’s Real. Audibly yelling & cussing at a machine even when nobody is around to hear it…That’s a welcome change. It ain’t always a goofy, happy, good time. If your truck breaks-down in the woods, and no one is around to hear you swearing…Does it make a sound? If one comments on a YT video which has 10,000 comments, does it make a sound?
As funny as it was painful to watch.  Stupid Cadillacs, they're just not like they used to make 'em...
hey Derik, I remember playing around with observing and then clearing the codes using the radio or climate control functions on a friends Cadillac  back when I was in my 20's,, Don't remember what the problem was, but the trouble code indicated the faulty part,, so was a pretty easy fix,,,   I think probably putting a holley fuel injection unit on that Caddy would be a kewl video,,  Should be easy now that you are an expert on throttle body fuel injection , :-) Those mice were pretty industrious taking the insulation from the hood and stuffing it into the muffler,,  :-)
Well, the plastic filler infront of the tail light. See parts do buff completely out.
Carb swap
Best episode yet. You were sawing off the first section of the clogged muffler with the angle grinder throwing sparks in your face and just kept going and screamed more. I told my wife "He usually isn't so unhinged" and we got a good laugh in.
Ughh i had my fun with a TBI on a 350 chevy that was factory on a 92 fullsize Cadillac Brougham. Never could get that TBI unit to function right either after a rebuild. Then it had a weird security system issue with the drivers door key lock and lock cylinder in the column that only Cadillac and the Corvette used. Otherwise was a beautiful car. The 368 should be the same block as a 425, 472 and 500 so im guessing a carbureted intake should fit and do away with that whole TBI unit along with a mechanical advance distributor. I know some 368's for commercial service came with a Q jet which was a night & day in  reliability.
I was feeling your pain on this one
Worry about you breathing in all that mouse
the best part was the rear drum flying off. I'd say you should do a carb swap, then do rear drum launches to see how far they go, lol
Can a guy get a refund for the Cadillac injector gaskets?
I bet that Caddy would clean up into a real sweet ride. Replace plastic tail fin sections and detail the interior. Chuck the 8-6-4 and drop in an LS. That car has much more class and style than all those suppository-shaped objects on the roads these days! Just a thought.
My 88 s10 with tbi lost the temperature sensor,, not for the guage but only for the computer.  It would intermittently tell the computer it was really cold and flood the engine.   Watching the white Cady 12/11/23
That is a neat Coupe Deville! I'd love to see a carb swap! But would a fuel pressure regulator stop the flooding?
I call a map sensor my buddy had one of those and it was a piece of shet
2:03:08!
Love your videos. Never owned a cadi with tbi but ive owned a chevy with tbi with the same issue. Would flood with both injectors but would run with one plugged in. Found that the engine temp sensor was faulty telling the computer to give it more fuel. So i unplugged the sensor plugged in both injectors and it fired right up and ran fine.
I’m sorry but whoever’s doing the camera work. It’s really frustrating for them to be all over the place.
Worked on a few of these back when nearly new, just out of warranty,  typical early gm electronics,  keep hanging parts till they ran. If it had or thought it had a fault the code will not clear.
Derek,  woulda been funny to watch thieves try & steal that cat converter
An intake, carb and distributor from a '77-78 Cadillac 425 or '79-80 Cadillac 368 would be the ticket for this thing (the V8, 6, 4 is a 368 actually)....and disconnect the wiring and computer to the modified displacemdent BS, like dealers did to most of these in the '80s would alleviate MANY headaches....
how can a 12 volt injector work with 9 volts ??
"Smells like a mahogany axe handle wrapped in wet wool socks". Derek = genius!  Bravo!  Just bravo!  I laughed so hard. Thx for the upload.
Get a “new” computer, new MAP sensor. Make it your daily driver. Drive straight to the nearest psychiatric hospital and check back in!
Can I buy it from you
The electronics for cylinder deactivation in 1981 were not really ready for such a complex system. But then, GM's modern AFM/DOD system isn't all that much better, though at least its problems are mostly mechanical rather than both mechanical and electrical.
“Maybe we should check the windshield washer fluid”. Hahaha
A full minute of commercials every 5 minutes.  This is unwatchable.
Anyone else wondering who’s taking the video?😊
I definitely want to see a carburetor swap and a general engine bay cleanup where you get rid of as many hoses and wires as possible
Derek, Thanks for the effort. I though you might pull it off at one point. I wondered why not just make an adapter for a carb out of plywood.  It could have worked.... It's not like you're trying to build a watch or anything. Just something that would let you bolt on a carb. If you do take it home, use that fancy plasma cutter to make an adapter. Thanks again. Good luck.
Not that early fuel injection. GM did it in the 50s.
Hey Derek.  If you're gonna use the cheekpoker 12,000, use eye protection!!!
I do believe that the the 368 the 425 and the 472, and 500 CID motors were the same dimensionally, its beens a fee decades since I worked on a 368, owning an auto machine shoo the lady 40 years I still the bigger motors now and then, seems that you coild just install an intske manifold and carb from a bigger motor put an old svhook HEI in it and it shoild be a runner 😅😊
If the ECM is bad, crack it open. I'll bet you'll find every electrolytic capacitor leaking out their electrolyte onto the circuit board. This is what happened to my 1992 F-150. I replaced the capacitors. Put the ECM back into my truck and it ran fine. Electrolytic capacitors have a finite lifetime.
Take it to demo ranch and have some fun with it . 😂
Good Evening Derek it is Monday at 11:15 pm my time here in AZ ! 😊
That muffler part🤣🤣🤣🤣
I don’t think GM TBI fuel injection from the 80’s worked like a modern ECU. It was a while ago, but I think they start in open loop mode with a fixed map on temperature, manifold pressure, and throttle position. Once it warms up, it switches to closed loop mode where it mostly uses the O2 sensor. I bet when it was running good it was because it was in closed loop mode. Getting it to run long enough to switch to closed loop looked difficult though.
Carb swap new Holly carburetor.😊
Could you do a Holley EFI Swap?
I'm wondering if that computer is got moisture damage.
You got me all in at "Little Victories" Thats how I do it..
Really enjoy your channel. My wife's parents were real Caddie fans and he bought her one of these  V4, 6 and 8 and she never had any problems with it. You are to be.praised, highly, for your efforts to get it going but it seemed an impossible task. Anyway, I am very entertained by your channel.
Bless you
Im 15 years old about to put a transmission in my first truck, I picked up a 1992 silverado k1500 4x4 for $250. Its got a 350 with a 4l60. Do you got any tips for a young fella like me trying to do this job?
LS it
"Grunt groan aargh grunt ... Oh boy is this a 17486  Turbo muffler? Oh Boy it is!.... grunt groan sweat.." :)
Might be easier to put a 70s era HEI on it and a 4412 Holley 2bbl😅😂😊
I think that cat had things to do with your problem. It holds back pressure for the exhaust valves. It changes how the cams interact which the valves. changing the cam shaft position sensor. Now it’s telling the ecm that you’re half throttle when it’s at idle. Everyone thinks that style cat is full when it’s not. For the v4/6/8. It has different throats for the correct back pressure as the ecm deadening cams,lifters, and spark to change it from v8 to v6 then down to v4. 🤷‍♂️ Just a thought. Carry on. love your channel btw. lol
I remember  when old school GM products had bad map  sensors it was bruttle would down a ton of fuel too, usually  if you unplugged  the map sensor it would actually  eun better.😊
Tear all that crap out of there. Put in a SBC that you have laying around and rebuild on the cheap. Get it running and kick it down the road !
This seems to be the one car that is really pissing Derek off I've seen him work on a lot of cars but I think this one takes the cake
The vehicle was trying to tell you what to do with it at the end there.
When that Cad fiered up i could tell that Derek was really happy  good for him. Good job Derek
Next give away car maybe?
The cameraman with Parkinson's is new!
That irritation while removing the exhaust… I felt that.
1981 was an excellent to make Cadillac bonfires
Just LS swap it and do burnouts!!!!!!!
Ls swap candidate ? 🤔
My Dad bought the Sedan DeVille new back in 81.  Unfortunately every problem you're seeing on this car I've lived firsthand.    Just like you experienced, as soon as you fix one thing something else goes wrong.  A total cascade failure.  Cadillac deserved every bit of bad press they got.  Beautiful car and a great ride but the only way you'll ever be able to drive and enjoy it is to put a different engine in it.  Good luck!
Too bad VGG has gone commercial hollywood...not that it wasnt predictible.
Obvious but…..sell it now!
Solid body, perhaps remove that engine and go with a moderately built big block or small block.
You can’t win them all bro you live to turn wrenches another day !!!😂😂😂😂
You would think that Cadillac would have made it a way to just run on all 8 cylinders or maybe Holley makes a sit up to switch to all 8 cylinders.
I agree about the TPS reports
Great video! The ads though, goodness!
😂😂😂RIP out the boat anchor ⚓️ and slam in a BBC454 or a 5.3 LS.... WAIT A MINUTE,,,  PUT BODY ON A 2500 4X4 TRUCK FRAME😂😂😂
Funniest one in awhile. I bet O'Reilly was like get that POS outta here! Something like that. The drum was internet gold! Just paint Ole Glory on her, do the carb/hollies sniper conversion, and call it Justice. Wha-la, new burn out car. It already has the turbo 400.
Even though she didn't drive home, this was still a fantastic episode. The patience, perseverance and diagnostic progression you show is truly impressive. Shout out to O'Reilly for the support. Absolutely loved the brake drum's desire to get back on the road!
Derek makes me feel better about life :]
May I point out the brand new packs of safety glasses that came along with ze new car parts? Lol still safety squintin
29:49  Thats the problem, it ain't got no gas in it!
Omg i love your vids and i was just crying laughing at some points like when the roter flew off or when you were trying to rip the exhaust off like seriously hilarious. Love your vids man keep it up thanks and cheers 🤘🍻
I know way more than I should about a TBI and I can guarantee you. It's your coolant temperature sensor. I believe you even unplugged it and said it was corroded and when you plugged it back in it actually ran. Good , also, your TPS needs to work for your idle air control to function. The computer has to sense closed throttle
How about pulling the engine and swapping in an LS-1 ?
LOVED the brake drum exit stage left REMEMBER BRAKES ARE FOR  QUITTERS AND SECOND PLACE IS JUST THE FIRST LOSER
The concept of that car was really a cool idea, but dang they just could not get it to work right.  The concept really is a sound one, but not at that time.
that has to be the most frustrating car you have ever dealt with. sorry
Man, I feel your pain. Whenever I attempt ANY job, it turns into an ordeal. The problem is, I don't have the knowledge 1/2 the time to know WTF went wrong. LMAO Then it's off to YouTube to try and figure it out and what should be a 1hr job turns into a 7 hour job.
Engine swap it with a carb setup with new wiring
There are some videos on YouTube by a fellow (or username) called Gilles Douaire who has a better working example of the 8-6-4. These videos might explain a few of the strange behaviors that Derek was running into.
One of the best videos ever!! Enjoyed it so much! Today it’s hard to appreciate a good mechanic and you are a magician!!
My maternal GP's owned one of this. I think it was red color. My sister and I were 8 and 7. Grandparents drove us from Pasadena to Phoenix. All I remember is how big the back seat area was for two little kids. We actually sat on the floor. My mom doesn't remember how long her folks owned the car but figured it was just for a few years. They always bought new every few years.
I had an 81 fleetwood brougham with the same engine.  Sold it last year to help with buying my first home.  Very similar but 4door.  White with blue cloth , power moon roof.
Epic battle sir, my hats off to you
!!! Thanks for the fun!!!  ....I have a bench example of that tbi ... for friends..  and a 9 volt in the Suburban I drive everyday  ... good sillyness: )
Derek is a heck of a mechanic.
One of the best VGG videos yet! Count me in for carb swap and/or new computer!
I would like to see you take this back to the barn... Take that 4 6 8 piece of quality out... Maybe send it to a channel where they blow things up or put them through a giant shredder... Then put in a carbureted V8. Fix that seat and show us some back roads in Tennessee.
A Cadillac is nothing but a big Chevy.
That muffler scene felt like an episode of The Office, pure comedy
The car is low milage and almost rust free. It is in too good a shape to give up on Get rid of the defective parts and upgrade it to make it drivable again, and more reliable than original.
Put a wrecker truck vortec from a 96 gmc/chev in her.  Or a holley sniper!
This has to be the worst car of all times!
ls swap
Lost it when the drum spun off!🤣🤣🤣 What a challenge! Rip the engine out, swap it for something "normal". I love caddy's, hate to see this just go to waste.    Friend of mine had a '79. Beautiful car. They can be sweet when maintained.
I’d love to see round 2. There are several struggles you had that I’ve learned from.
Take the computer out of the equation, completely deactivate the deactivation technology!  Add a mild cam,  holly sniper efi and lets see what this Caddy is capable of.  After all, it is technically a big block...
Remember you can make a adapter out of wood 🪵
I’ve watched a lot of your videos and I’ve seen u put 15w 40 in everything pretty much. I was wondering if it would be ok to put that in my 5.7L 350 Chevy I have a 97 Chevy c1500 single cab short bed
I too own an 80’s OBD1 GM vehicle (87 S10 2.5L) and whenever I feel like punishing myself I attempt to drive it. And then act surprised every time another sensor fails after only a few miles. It’s riddled with Chinese sensors that last between 0 and 500 miles (max). Half the time they’re inop right out of the box.   Doesn’t matter what brand you buy; even Delphi and ACDelco sensors are made in China nowadays. It’s ridiculous.
Even tho its a horrible electrical mess for an older car I would gladly take that beautiful Cadillac coupe DeVille
OVER TWO HOURS?!  Too much! I’ve had to dumb it down to get views.   Yeah…I watched it all…
LS swap it
Man you really worked for every bit of that one.  Thanks for everything you do!!
Its Christine 😂😂😂
When you popped the hood it stressed me out severely…. L😅
I find it funny that you are ok fooling around with LS electronics, msd boxes and the like but you get mind F’d by a standard TBI fuel injection. Geez, TBI, SFI, PFI, its all the same stuff doing the same thing, using the same technology.
I think this car is redickulas  too many issues  it needs to be gone thru completely  to get it runing good too many parts 468 and the co.puter doesn't  seem to know what its doing .
Drop in hei distributer and a 2 barrel carb.  Bypass everything..
Tanerite?
This was absolutely the best video you have done yet!...even better that reviving Betty White which was the video that got me hooked to this channel.  Love it when you get these old battel wagons running again. :)
Tanarite
Needs the optional 500 cid(8.2 ltr). Or maybe a ls7.
Whiter than a Celine concert! Best line of the video
OMG, I literally spit my coffee out and laughed so hard about that brake drum😂😂😂
5 gallons of gasoline in a match😅😅😅😅😅😅😮😮😮😮
Carb swap that piece of junk. Did it to a Ford with great success.  Yeah high five.
I am a diagnostic tech for 20 plus years now. Wish I would catch them live so I could help with the diag
Carb swap it the do burn outs until it blews up the put a big block Cadillac engine in it😂😂😂
Great episode!!! Love some one else doing the camera work. We get to see you in all your frustration!!!😅 Must do this again. More of what makes the channel GREAT.
I used to be a big AutoZone fan, but I was trying to find a store that carried spark plugs and oil filters for my motorcycles and went into O Reilly s. They have everything including good WIX filters. I'm a fan now.
Demo derby that turd
Put a different engine in this beautiful car.  After all, your boys are going to need  a good ride on date nights.....
Gal darn poop..Just needa dang fart and Pharpha...ffhoogh and tang.
Please wear PPE. If you go blind using the death wheel, we cant see anymore VGG.
I just... how does an auto parts shop's garage NOT HAVE A LIFT? Help me understand.......
Boy, oh, boy. What a ride that was. I could feel the frustration in this video and I think I'm gonna go home and take out that frustration on my own project. Never worked on one of these and I'll tell ya I don't ever want to. Heck, I don't even want to see this car again. Cheers to you and your patience and your dedication for the great vid.
We either need a bigger hammer, or a bigger trailer.
I don’t know, but I really like this one. It was really interesting when you tore into that fuel injection can’t win them all Derek.
Derek please use goggles and ear plugs under the car like this man. You’re awesome so protect your eyeballs and hearing 👍
Camera man giving me motion sickness.
That's cause she is an interstate cruiser
I see a lot of shirts or jackets in the shop area. I’m sure they smell like heck. Bill for them on the way.
Why ???😊
I would have liked to see a wireless mic, a tripod and multi-day multi-hour live stream of this revival. 😄
Make it fast
This might be the closest I’ve seen Derek to cursing and throwing wrenches
I knew this one wouldn’t go well.   I had an 80 Eldo. Don’t take that home.   Leave it right there!
Sponsored by ribshack?
Vacuum leaks or concerns
Carb swap it, then set up the MDS valvetrain with some toggle switches so you can manually select how many cylinders you're running off of.
Not sure the reasoning, but I do enjoy the content by yourself more (No cameraman or moving camera). Just seems more pure and relatable  Edit: Not called the camera person a bad camera person
Chevy 350 good to go
My dad had one of these when I was growing up, he bought it used, when the engine started to act up like this one. He did an engine swap with a Buick that was wrecked at the junkyard.
Carb swap and let’s seee this hit the road.
Use test light if it blinks its fuel sender
GM has been slapping things together for years I’m not so sure they want it to work I guess the goal is just enough so the warranty runs out
I just read up a review on Wiki about this engine. Holy beegeezus. Can a Man swap a Hemi? :)
That Car was Brutal my Friend well  done with patietnce!!
And you still have a  computer fuel problem 😮
You got to pull the other 4 🔌 plugs out from underneath the 🚗 car
The Apolo had less computers in it
Carb swap an sell it to a inlaw an never answer the phone again
When that brake drum flew away I almost started crying😂
THE best muffler delete ever!!! Who was behind the cam? Thanks for sharing!!!
As bad as it is its not a 4100. You will get it straighten out. I could feel the frustration.
This rigs been a real bugger eh big D? Ya like a challenge tho.
Why gm would put a computer that controls the fuel that has 1 million connections that get pure filthy thru normal use instead of a tried and true manifold and carb is beyond me!!!!!        You put a quad or a elderbrock on it and it's done and I bet it would put like a kitty!!!!!!
I didn't realize they had that alion technology  back then with the cylinder deactivationols. Overall, looks like a solid land yacht! The struggle is definitely real with this one! Appreciate all u do Derek!!! Rock on 🤘!
CARB SWAP THAT THING ALREADY! HOLY CRAP!!!
The Cady had self diagnose with the heater control buttons
This is the exact reason why I have stayed away from cadillacs. Cadillac failed to make a single good engine in the early 80s. Derek has the patience of a Saint to be pouring all these hours and dollars into a car that belongs in the crusher
I think what you need is an LS 5.3 and a totally gutted engine compartment
So why not jerk ALL that stuff out of there. Simply throw a 350 or a 400 in it. And ride🤷
If a replacement computer can even be found, I imagine it will cost a bundle. And with the hacked, chewed, taped state of that wiring, could you ever fully trust it? There aren't many things which work poorly when new, but work just fine when they're 40 years older. I think the easiest and cheapest way to go is to devolve it into a tried and true carburetor and discard all the weird wires, gadgets and gizmos.
Trailer it home and yank the engine and put a good carburetored motor in it
I struggled  like this with a fiat 500 not starting and sneezing while trying to start..replaced the multi air filter, figured I was done..nope..then I changed the starter..figured I was done...nope..checked out the ignition system. .nope..watched every video possible. .tried everything...nope  now no starter engagement at all..Finally thought maybe it was the starter which I did not bench test.. ( grasping at straws), and while disconnecting  the starter again I found the gremlin☆ it was two metal rings that engage the solonoid that were corroded bad...so the starter was good  but decided to leave the new one in..lol.. Frustrating!
Huge fan of the show Deric!!! I’ve learned so much going back and watching everyone of your square body videos! I like you struggle with electrodigicals. I was wondering if you could give some detailed instructions on how to use a dwell meter on points. I have an old 39 master deluxe I need to put new points on. I know it seems mundane to you but things like using a timing light and what to look for, or just simply how to hook up a lone wolf would be awesome content for an electrical deficient individual like myself!!     Thanks Jason Keep the videos coming, can’t get enough of them!
Don't know if it's the same but i know my tbi ecu on my 4.3L S10 had two temp sensors. One for the gauge and one for the ECU. The ecu temp sensor went out and had similar symptoms as your Cadillac. Ran like total doodoo. Pulled my hair out trying to figure it out. Was replacing one sensor at a time till i came across that one. Hope this was helpful!
When it caught fire, I yelled, "Let it burn". Was that wrong?
make it run and drive please Derek.  Maybe a MSD?
Ls swap
Thank you for the Video
Id buy it and drop a camaro TPI in it. Lol
lol fighting with that exhaust so funny nuts 🌰 shooting out and rust 😂
Car can't exhale the muffler is plugged still caughing catlitic converter also plugged  and now full of gas pellets swollen 😫
Watching this gave a fella anxiety bro. But we persist. Good work brother
Read through the comments and watched the show a second time.  Common comment was to replace the coolant  sensor.  Derek, you pulled a corroded connector, plugged it back in and it ran for hours.  Was this the coolant sensor?  If not, how about cleaning that connector??? Faster than an engine swap…good luck!!!
When my 78 Monte Carlo burnt to the ground (first car) I needed a car NOW and bought an Eldorado with the HT4100, similar miles at yours.    Although it didn't have the 8/6/4, I had a similar frustrating experience.    You could reset the computer for the dash and when it would die going down the road at 65, I could have it reset and started before I dropped 10MPH.  Comfortable car though, barely ran.
Derek, at 62,00 miles, what about a new computer and possible engine swap? Great goin’ to town car!
Pull the engine and do an episode showing us how that thing was supposed to work.  Then re-assemble with an Edelbroken carb and use it for a going to town rig.  Car actually looks pretty nice.
Just LS swap it i ll be a nice goin to town cruser
Solar power
Hey I really like ur work you make me laugh and I enjoy ur content maybe put a Ls engine in the caddy keep up the good 👍 work
Solar power for garage
Derek, for cryin in the mud, wear a mask and some hearing protection.  A guy wants to watch your vids for the next 20+ years.
1960's technology got us to the moon...and back. 1980's automotive tech....not so much. Hey, they were tryin'...right. You KNOW the EPA and CARB and all the other enviro-natsees were riding GM hard for "better fuel economy"  but America loves IRON and H.P. and CLASS. The white collar end of GM was givin' it their best shot...'the more complicated the better it is for the planet.'
Such a relatable video. And I think those wheel covers are from an Oldsmobile.
Best exhaust delete segment on the inter website.😂😂😂😂😂😂
I bet the Haynes manual for that car weighs as much as the charging wherler.
My uni engineering lecturer in the UK 25 years ago had nothing good to say about this technology one afternoon in his class lol. I think one of the bigger issues was the heat uniformity across the heads etc when some cylinders were shut down.
After watching the struggles you were going through with the rig that brake drum coming off and making a exit was the funniest thing ever . I was in uncontrollable laughter 🤣🤣
The TBI NEED REBUILT ONE FULE FILLER  AND NO CAD O2 SENSER ON READING THING NEEDS GAS TELL FULL GAS
How many rodent viruses did you get this time, Derek?
Ok. When you poured that can of gas into the tank, my thoughts was - you just wasting the fuel, spread it over this rusty backet, and  give the spark... Jokes aside.  Yep, the whole ignition system have to go. Replace only. I am not auto specialist,  btw, so, I guess it should  help.
I’d leave it right where you bought it. The $1700 is getting off cheaper that way!
passenger side sparkalators: "How do you........why?"😂
Things go better with Coke.  a cola
This Cadillac reminds of my 94 Camaro 5.7 LT1  bought it with 95,000 had it for 10 years only managed to put 30,000 on it. Rest of the time it was broke down. Lousy opti spark distributor. Another great idea from GM . 😂😂
I felt like when you unplugged the light it was like pulling the life support.  PART 2 - Put it on your operating table, carb swap?  Drive it on the beautiful back roads of Tennessee?
Little Trees ……”Bourbon Flavor” ….😂
One-time the computer went in my Chevy Corsica man did it ever stink because the fuel was running with a bad computer it would run it won't run at all that good with the computer being
Change the alternator it doesn't have enough voltage to run everything
Some vehicles like some people are born with a defective heart. That is a beautiful and well cared for body and interior. Give it life again with a transplant, an LS from the salvage yard upgraded perhaps with a supercharger would make that the mack daddy goin' ta town rig.
Take it to the junkyard
My wife and I got fanny packs. Thank you for the holiday card. It's on my refrigerator. Your family is beautiful!
In my 20yrs experience with early tbi Chevys , map sensor or ect sensor
This was the saddest video you ever did.😢
I like a feller too much to ask you to ever look at this rig again, let alone get it running. For sale. lol.
carb it or do an LS swap in the parking lot of the local salvage yard, invite local fans to come by and provide tools and info?
One time my Chevy Corsica was fuel injected it was a 91 and the alternator went out and it would still runs once I got so far it shut off and it would the engine the fuel injection system wasn't working because of the battery went the battery went dead maybe that's what the problem was the alternator is not letting that Cadillac cuz at the body shop I used to work at we had a Cadillac and it wasn't run for a long time but I started it up and it ran
6.2 diesel swap. Actually good fuel mileage would be an awesome road trip car
Man with my schedule,  i dont get to frequent your show as much as I'd like.  When I do I get cracked up on your comparisons 😅 "whiter than a Celin Deion concert"....made my beer come out my nose.
Sometimes your silly.
Dynamite meet DeVille, DeVille meet Dynamite
a fella thinks a roll of 4 inch HVAC aluminum tape and a can of white spraybomb might could make that caddy's derrier look a might better where its missing the plasticks.
Those old caddy's were famous for flooding and locking up like that, my 82 coupe with the 4.1 v8 would do that once in a while. Loved that car though, really miss it.
502 crate motor next burnout rig!!!!!!!
Run away from that thing as fast as you can and never look back.  Go see a Priest to ensure no trace of that thing is following you around.  Holy mother goose, run.
Yea...ole Earl had a glass eye...left one I believe.😉
34:32.  God Bless You!!
LS swap it !!! 💯 Nobody has ever done that and you can be the first. The car is over all in great shape. Or you can put a 454 big block in it with a bad a$$ 400 transmission. 💯 Throw headers on it with a dual carburetor intake and throw 2 holley 750 double pump carburetors on it, put a fireball racing cam in it . Let that boat sail !!!  The car is to nice to just junk, the engine is a piece of 💩 , but the car is cool and in excellent condition
The cure for an 8-6-4 cadillac.......carburetor, fuel pressure regulator, and a standard HEI distributor.
I would garner a guess and say the capacitors in the ECM have leaked and caused a bunch of corrosion, causing it to act funny. The oinly other sensor it could've been, if it has one would be the MAP sensor.
I think that caddy needs an LS swap
Fix it
There's probably a Youtube video that would help you with that throttle body.
painful
I love the person behind the camera can't help to laugh at the added humor
6.2L LS swap. Make her a real going to town rig.
It might of been easier to just swap a 350. I bet the service manual is thicker then a Kansas City phone book.
This is worth repairing the engine bay area.BIG time
2:00:15 - is that THE Goldish Dart?
Derek, the car is Haunted and it's like all  V8-6-4 engines, eventually it turns into a V0-0-0 . L62 motors are like ex-wives and girlfriends , they cost you money and give nothing back but misery. lol. On to the next one. Happy Holidays .
Cool, a new sport. Muffler Wrestling!!
If love to see the '81 Cadillac be carb swapped. Lose that 4-6-8 crap if you can.
Throw a carb on it and change the distribuor.....  Remove the crap under the valve covers and then put the regular set of valve covers on it.
Brake drum bowling could be a new sport   Thanks for continuing to educate and entertain
It would be good to see you work on an old Jaguar or MG. Being from England it’s what I have grown up working on!
After watching Derek's struggle with this gasser, I'm actually glad my 81 Coupe Deville has a 5.7 Olds Diesel 😂
Such a beautiful car. My first car was a 79’ coupe deville.
I want to say a lot of your videos make me laugh
Right blinkers in a wheel chair left ones paralyzed lmao😂😂😂😅 I'm dead at this point
I don’t know if you verified the bad ecu or not but I had a similar problem with an older ecu car with the same type of dual point injection system.  Never could figure it out until I came across a random forum.  Same symptoms, replaced the water temperature system and that fixed it.  Bad temp sensor tells the ecu it’s below freezing and to dump all the fuel it can for some reason.  Worth a try
I have a nineteen eighty seven chevy silverado that has that same throttle body
28:59 curling, VGG style. 29:37 Sasquatch workout: bench press a Caddie
I feel like Derek could have hired a meth addict to get that cataclytic converter off and about 10 seconds with the sawzall
That fight with the exhaust 🤣
Could it be that it is not reading any back pressure?  After you cut the exhaust off.
Looks like a great candidate for a LS swap.
I also remembered when this car was introduced and actually drove one.  I think GM was pushing technology to fast.  However a great video!  Sometimes some things are not fixable!
Swap the engine and the carb...body is in great shape so wouldn't junk it.
I like the tannerite idea
DAGUM CHEBBIES!  LOL..................  should have bought a mopar. ;-)  I can smell-o-vision those "little trees"  LOL...........
A hornets nest! Derek sometimes its best to walk away.
I just love the look of that model of the Coupe de Ville my Papa’s last one was a 73 . I always wanted to get that model could, after seeing that video whew good thing. Always love your videos, so glad you started doing it funny and inspiring. Always looking forward to the next one. Appreciate your family sharing.
When you stared at the throttle body after trying to figure out why it's not working. I felt that. I do that all the time when I work on cars.
Derek   I love your work through the years   Just replace the MAP SENSOR, TPS, AND TEMP SENSOR and see if that will do the trick You already disconnected the 468 solenoids, replaced the 02 so after your done replacing all these components it should run fine I worked at a Caddy dealer back in the early 90's and many were towed in having this done  Regards,  Frank
were this mine, I would drop a 4.8 almost LS in it and sell it to someone to finish it, or drive it as a road trip vehicle.
crusher bait
No electric trunk pull down?
You should write a book and call it “How to get seatage, without Rippage” it will be a number one best seller in Self Help Books
Whaooo, a camera man!
Add jerk that motor out when I got that thing home stuff NLS in it or something
pull the motor annd go with a good ol ls or 350 swap on it
If ever a car needed an LS swap your looking one.
The brake drum leaving the chat was hilarious. But you said it yourself, tannerite. Tannerite is the answer for this steaming pile of 80's GM garbage.
Ls swap or hemi
Derek cracks me up lol "Oh that's perfect..........nope!!! I'll pretend I didn't see that" lololol
Definitely swap something. Whether it’s a carb or a 500/472/425 caddy engine from a previous gen. That would be awesome as well.
How much would you sell it for? I would ls swap that
Got a name for this one- "The Love Boat"
Put LS IN IT
You were right in that first guess Derek, that car is haunted.  😂   I couldn't believe your patience with this miserable POC.
Commercials every 5 minutes
Sell it
I say get it running and put some glass packs on her. Awesome video.
When that drum came off and went across the floor I laughed so hard my stomach hurt and I had tears streaming
Kids, if you learn anything from this video, it’s that you should always have a can of PB Blaster handy while working on old junkers.
I never laughed so hard at a muffler removal...  😅🤘🏼🇺🇲
I’m no mechanic by far but the way exhaust sounded. I think you got sensor or something and all that computer crap under the hood for the engine that was causing the computer to shut down I think it’s not computer but I don’t have any clue but I could be a relay or sensor something. Lexi carburetor change or change to a carburetor because the interior is so nice. I think we’re saving your cleaner then some of your rage you find lol.😂
Sell it. Too new and yet not new enough. Its a great example as to why the old timers hated those new fangled fuel injected cars.
Well I don’t know if I can Upload a picture on here but I bought a 1973 Ford F-350 Dentside dullay and plan on driving it 350 miles home from Alabama to Louisiana got any advice?
Another great show. I listen to his videos while I’m working on my junk. He helps me stay calm because he’s generally dealing with a much worse situation and he stays so calm
Full resto mate. I see you having a heap of fun with that beast. Chuck a NA big block in there get rid of the PC. Turn it into a drag car lol. Love ya work mate
Cripes...hope you all escaped that wind entirely!
I think the wide open exhaust could be a big part of the problem along with the computer on top of computer which made those motors such a bear to begin with. Your idea about throwing a adapter plate on it and a carb if you can could save a lot of headaches for sure.
Where is the safety equipment: Ear, Eye and face protection?
Holley Sniper!
34:30 had me laughing so hard 😂
Carb Swap
My Dad had a 1980 Cadillac DeVille with the quadrajet 6.0L V8. It did not have the V8-6-4. It ran well. It would be interesting to see if disabling the computer and a carburetor swap would solve the problems with this 1981 Cadillac.
Get it running enough for a demolition derby. It is a bad car, bad motor, bad era for cars. Its a giant white blech!!!!! I love your videos, every one of them. But man, this car is a clunker to the max!!!!! Sorry man, eat this one and let the kids smash it up.
The brake drum rolling off and away was the cherry on top of this great episode!
Hello Blueprint, I need a bigblock , yes with a tunnel ram.
One of the common problems with Cadillac was the coolant temp sensor shorting telling computer it was in -50 Alaska. However, after watching the whole program, and seeing an air filter soaked with water and watching you try to get the computer reset, I'm more inclined to look for water damage in connectors and computer. Noooo!  Have fun.
I like to live vicariously through YouTube.  With all the grunting and groaning, this episode felt like a day at work!😂
Put a carb in it and do burnouts…..love the show Derek and family. Thanks for great entertainment!!
My two cents. Drag that Caddy home to your shop.  Rip every last piece of electronic junk off of it.  Convert it to a carbureted engine.  Get it running like a real car and use it to run to town or sell it.  Would be fun for we viewers to see it run like a car, not a computer with wheels.  Only downside is the EPA will be paying a visit.  Grrrr.  That whole piece of junk was designed and developed because of corporate CAFE standards.
I feel for anyone who had to work on those!
I live around Springfield mo. I wish I could’ve run into ya.
Welcome to Missouri
I couldn't imagine being the camera operator following Derek around, trying to keep from laughing too loud as he just... Dereks
Your tenacity is amazing.  I would have given up yesterday.  Thanks.
Maybe put a small block with a carb?
I'm thinking an LS swap would've taken less time. LOL
Second time watching this. Patience of a saint!  What a  great looking car but, BUT! 8,6 or 4 down to one for pumping out ponds. Nice idea.  Yeh right.
Under the hood looked like a birds nest to me...Wonder if you could just strip it all out and retro fit it with a standard carburetor .
he had optimal working conditions this time!  the ghost in the machine won this time though
That brought back many memories on working on early 80's GM stuff. Enough vacuum hoses and wires to put a man on the moon!
N I am a Suzuki boy all day long n tomorrow it will be running as well
send it off a cliff.
Cadillac became a lost cause beginning in 1980. The engines were undersized and underpowered plus lacking reliability.  My 86 Fleetwood was so slow it was necessary to drive that Olds derived engine flat out between traffic lights to keep up. The 90s Northstar improved performance but had issues. Cadillac was basically saved by the Escalade which was a Chevy.
This cameraman makes me nervous
Drop in a Duramax! Tune it to the max.
Derek that was brutal 😂
Get the man's some help he said help when no one was paying attention
Its not the same with a camera person
I’ve owned 10+ gm tbi vehicles and have fixed many issues over the years. At the time it was frustrating but now that I’ve been through all the issues I have I personally love gm tbi, please don’t give up on it, you got this.
As my older brother worked for GM from 1978 to 1988 I heard a few stories of lets say poor attempts of early electronic application of, at the time ‘CCC”  Computer Command Control. You were on the right track cleaning out the TBI injector and the car actually running. Had you just cut the heater hoses and bypassed the it you might have been able to drive it home. You see it was a common problem, the leaking heater cores, well they leaked right on to the computers. And that was that. There lots of other issues the GM designed in problems. The adaption of a carburetor and ignition has been done a few times and with good success.  As far as the 4/6/8 as you unplugged the solenoid that's was all you needed to bypass it .
Snatch out the engine and computer.  This is the perfect LS swap candidate. Caddy luxury with modern reliability.
so  the screw in  the  injeckers that  you  moved  ajust  the  gas flow check on  that
I saw a brand new pair of safety glasses in that pile of new stuff you bought but then you're under the car with a cutting wheel without them!
Throw a LS in it and move on no body will want it knowing the issues Love your show.
😂😂😂
fire out the carb dont worry about  that   lol  this man is the best i will let you work on anything i got you the best man
I can't watch this.. too painful
Love all your You Tube videos, Roadworthy Rescues and In the Aisles. I really enjoy when you’re working on a car that you actually like. This Caddy is in good shape though, pull that crappy engine out and drop in something cool!!
Derek, I tried to respond back thru the Telegram, but it didn't work for some reason.  Thank you for the reply nonetheless.  That cadillac seems like hell to work on, but I still am enjoying your work.  You rock, man.  I love VGG!
I have a TBI on my 454 C-3500. It’s getting a carb! Wonder what will it start vids are gonna be like in 10-15 years with all the LS conversions and retrofitted FI systems.  Carburetors forever!
Worst hunk of crap ever built
I worked on these as a young mechanic. When I saw what you were working on, I had one of those horror movie moments. “Don’t go in there Derek! There’s a GM engineer in there with a chainsaw!”  I’d suggest running what the best 1980s Caddies ran - an Olds V8 with a Q-Jet.
Was the terminal broccoli used on many models?  Or is this one here just for the 864 nightmare?  34 years later i paid $300 to disable the cylinder deactivate on my 2015... .wow
Rip it out put in a 350 and make it a momma car
Check the TBI connectors…I’ve had several early crossfire engines run like shit and had to either re-bend the terminals on the injectors or replace the connectors
Oh my god I’ve never laughed so much 😂😂love your videos Derek 🇮🇪👍🏻👍🏻
I would drive that everyday.
add tow truck to the list of tools.
Could it be firing 4 cylenders, and dumping fuel for 8 cylinders
I admire your tenacity and learn something from each video. As a practicing physician for the past 35 years who has seen way too many preventable eye injuries, please put on safety glasses when cutting, drilling or grinding ( especially when you are under the car ).
Never laughed so much... when the rear drum shot across the floor
Just cut the top of the pipe already!  How the cam guy not say it!?
only thing missing on the interior is the anti theft metal clamshell that goes around the column to protect the ignition switch
I was thinking bad muffler bearings, but you pulled the muffler, so… 😂 Sounds like a top fuel dragster! It was worth watching 2 hours just to see that drum take a spin!
Ummm, LS swap er. The boat anchor under the hood of that thing is...well... a boat anchor lol. Or try plugging a code reader into the obd2 thingie and erase all the codes ( after you read em ) that way.
At 1:45, when Derek said he went from 6 to 4, the a full 8, at laughed my ass off!!!  Totally epic! \m/
Watching Derrick (sp?) get behind the wheel for the first time was worth the price of admission!
I love that you now have a show on motor trend tv!! Super stoked for you!!
2:03:08😂😂😂
Lol derek losing his shit made my day lol specially the drum lol
Are you folks safe???? Our prayers are with you!
the reason that motor was for 1 year only was cause they introduced HT4100 from 1982 to 1985 in 1986 Cadillac finally put the Oldsmobile 307 in the Fleetwood's only up until 89 then they put the chevy 350 in them up from 1990 to 1996.  to check the computer system hold the off button and the warm button at the same time  the 4 codes that will come up will be 21 22 24 27 that is the ECM under the distributor cap  when you change it you have to change the other module on the steering column the 2 control the 4-6-8
That was painful to watch.
Carb swap it Derek!
The car was designed to be state of the art in it's day. The engine is unique and a collectors item like at Barrett Jackson auction. The cleaner the parts the happier the car. I had an 1983 aluminum block V8. It ran beautifully until a jealous person put sugar in the tank and a hole appeared through the aluminum block. White with Burgundy interior just like yours.
....honestly...I REALLY enjoyed watching you struggle and get REALLY MAD at that sucker! I am sorry...I know that's not great to hear on your side of things...but it really felt like a true struggle...that we have all been through one way or the other....good to NOT see the typical find/buy/fix/drive episode...and I REALLY admire you patience....I would have burned that car to the ground....LOL
LS swap.
First, way to keep going, Derek. My proverbial hat is off to you. Second, I'd say source a 500 and carb (I think that was Betty White's power train) and swap it. Make a few videos on actually saving a really clean rig. Then clean and sell it. My .02 for what it's worth.
Best video ever I love Derek he makes me laugh 😂😂😂
The cameraman’s eyeballs are burning out lol 1:52:43
Screw that 864 garbage.  Just keep it computer-free, when you could fix stuff with justa screwdriver and a pair of pliers! Natural aspiration, nothing else.
i was going rto say cats
As much as I hate that TBI, I want to see you make it work. It would be fun seeing a carb conversion but throw a computer in it, chase the gremlins one more time
6.0 LS!
My dad owned one of these cars . It was in the shop so much after a year  it only had 3000 miles on it . Dad was at the dealership so much he made friends with the guy's in the service department. They ended up replacing the engine with a standard engine. No more problems.
Yeah that's the thing about TBI systems, they're either going to last just about forever and run great or they're not going to work period. I have experience with the being really reliable end of the spectrum with a 1988 Dodge Dakota we used to have. That thing had all sorts of issues, but one thing we knew was that it would start every time without question, even in the dead of winter.
I wonder who was filming?
Coolant temp sensor
First time I've ever seen you that stressed😮
I do not know a lot about all the ins and outs of computers in cars, but I know, at least in my old intrepid, that if the O2 Senser did not have back pressure from the exhaust system the car ran like crap, kinda like what this car is doing. Now I bought a parts car that ran perfectly and used the exhaust out of it to fix the one I drove. I drove the parts car to the garage. I went to drive it home, no exhaust, and could not. Just acted like it was terribly flooded. I don't know, but seemed while the Catilac had that exhaust, plugged or not it started immediately and ran. Crap started after the exhaust was removed? I would love to see this car running though, and see what he finds out. It is a sharp-looking old car. Underneath looked great.
Take that injection crap off and use a Carborator  ?
It reminded me of my 79 cadi coup Deville that was until it would run. I miss that car everyday
I want to see it return to factory. 😂
If the Caddy won't make it 500 miles. I'm sure Lightning McQueen in the back there would get ya there
I’m thinking about you breathing those fumes , and hoping when you’re older you’ll not be breathing from an oxygen tank ! My Dad didn’t think diesel fumes were harmful , until later on in life ! Be careful young fella !
For the injectors, before you could stick the screwdriver in to move the plunger you removed a screw, is it possible that this screw is for injector adjustment?
Ha! TPS reports!  Also we are going to be playing a little catchup this Saturday. Mmmk? Gonna need you to come in at 9 mmk? All righty then, good talk.
What was the displacement?
I never thought I'd say this loving Cadillacs, but I'd put that thing out it's misery. I've never seen you so frustrated in a video before. I actually felt bad for you. 😂
I think when the wheel hub ran away, I think Derek was just glad something ran on its own.
I love a car that is as simple as this one. Nice, clean and uncluttered. Easy to work on and maintain. You definitely should get a few more of these. Great daily driver :)  BTW, my new fav VGG saying is: "is it on fire ... again?"
Supercharger with a Holley EFI system...
Sell it,  give it away,
No way you can read all of these comments, so I feel free to add my $0.02.  I know that the TBI is not the greatest of FI systems (better than a SPICA and old Bosch for sure), but I've had to rebuild a few of them and my Chevrolets run pretty well after doing them.  Getting the O-rings set properly is one of the keys, otherwise you get fuel running everywhere, and too much of it.  That said, your intestinal fortitude in fighting that POS has my utmost admiration.  I'd have had to walk away 50 times cursing, have a beer or a bourbon shot, sleep, and come back to it refreshed, only to be defeated again.  This engine and their diesel attempts were as badly engineered as anything Detroit has ever produced...and that's saying something.  If you didn't know it already, you're not alone.  I've been wrenching since my late teens (in my 70s now) on all sorts of metal.  There's nothing quite like the defeat that an inanimate object like a car can do to one's self-respect to say nothing about one's maturity of response.  At least I've stopped throwing things, learned to breathe deeply, and walk away leaving it for another day.
Well at least we now have it confirmed, nothing working now will work in the future 🤪 thanks VGC that was both brilliant and hilarious. Stick a carb on it and see if it’s 2nd time lucky.
”The hub has gone farther than the actual car” that's comedy gold right there
I am in awe that you kept up trying on this one. It has me so frustrated that my thought is it has to go forever!! Or big block swap. Haha. Thoughts were going through my head included burn it. Just pull all the wires in a fit or rage slam the hood and never look back. Yell at it more. Screw driver stab time and more.
Approved!! Derick, your patience is far superior to my own.  This was a Great video to watch... thank you!!
I know this ain't your first rodeo and you've dealt with these types of struggles before but I sure felt for you! I wanted to throw a wrench across the room for you several times and commend you for how long you stayed in it. I have to walk away hours, days, months and sometimes years when I'm constantly going rounds. Keep going what you're doing and I genuinely appreciate the education and entertainment!!
Sell it
I don't know anything about 1981 Cadillacs, but I suspect that the two dots are indicating which buttons to press next (Low and Auto).
Take out all the sh!t and put a new fuel injection system on it or carb.  I would go with the Holly unit fuel injection?
What is the scrap value for this car?
Hey Derek! Please wear safety glasses)👋
That had its moments, but was about as satisfying as watching my favorite team lose the big game. Can’t win em all.
What a turd engine, pull it and put in a good engine like a chevy 454 or a LS . The body is very good make it happen
Battle of the beast. Derek vs demon. What fight!
Put a Holley sniper unit on it
I would either sell it or do a LS engine swap and make it a going to town rig.
Unless I could be convinced that having an operational 4-6-8 setup would make the car extremely valuable for some reason, I'd pull that engine and dismantle it to see how it works, then either swap in a 350 or rebuild the current one without all the extra junk on it. It's a shame, the body and inside looks pretty good. I had no idea they used that TBI back then, it looked just like the one out of the 90s trucks...
Coolant temperature sensor shorted out
Man, I hate not working in my own shop and having my tools.  Not that I can find them most of the time,  but it’s the thought that counts.
If you snatch that drive train out and slap an old big block in there you’ll have a nice catty 🍻
That was pure fun!  (for me)  I lost it at the muffler fight!
I'd sell the car. but if you do keep it... the complicated junk has to go!
Swap it!
Derek- I'v been watching for several years, and I have never seen you use DeOxit or other tuner cleaner to tidy up your electronix. Most of the stuff you are working on has probably built up oxidation or 'gunk" that limits the flow of electrons needed to make this stuff operate. I have found this with almost anything over five years old and definitely if its over ten. Is there a reason you don't use this stuff? Keep up the good work, it is very  entertaining!
what a pos, junk it!
My aunt had a 90s Ford probe that had the auto choking seatbelts.
This episode kinda depressed me. I have been getting my butt kicked by a Turbo Broccoli Injection system on my S10 for quite some time now and I was hoping for a glimmer of hope as I got into the episode. While entertaining to watch, it made me realize that the TBI system is junk when it gets worn and I may never get mine running right either. if a maverick mechanic loses the battle, what chances do I have?
sell it! more betty white content!
I dont think ive EVER seen Derek SO annoyed and or frustrated  !!! RESPECT JUST FOR KEEPING A COOL HEAD !!  though i wonder how much ended on the cutting room floor when the frustration/annoyance got the better of him . I think if that was me there would have been a few dents in the bodywork stuff thrown across the room and probably a broken toe or 2 !!  RESPECT MY MAN FOR KEEPING SUCH A COOL HEAD !!! ... or what we saw in the video anyway 😅
What a piece of junk!!!
I think you push the driver side knob on the stereo to turn it on?
Engine swap.
My Mom and Dad had one of these.   Such a heap. Our mechanic disconnected the 4-6 part and the V8 ran great. I think it was a 400ci.
You are sorely needed in the Middle-East for negotiations right now Derek. What a patience. I honestly thought you would have lost it completely.  Cred to you for keeping it together.    That stuff is really part of beeing a car guy or girl too, but I thought "matches and gazoline" long long before the tbi had its own bon-fire.  Never have I ever. But I do remember a  1972 Volvo 142 with Bosch K-jetronic that never became my friend. Carbs solved it. And it will for you too. Or a Terminator X? Just to upgrade that fine original premium throttle body injection system. To... well, super extra premium?    Even though I didn't get too see you freezing, breaking down, loosing power, wearing earplugs from the very open exhaust or have it spudder for 500 miles this one is really up there.  Thank you Derek.
2:19:19 watching the engine catch fire 🔥 ufta may what a difficult one of a kind engine to work on!
those are oldsmobile hubcaps btw
Crawler in one of the clips at the start of the video.. crawls on his knees and back in the floor instead 😂
I have lots of faith in your ability to get this car running , but will you make it home ? Some way you’ll do it ! Good luck !
This episode had me laughing out loud way to many times.. The spark shower to the face was Chaplin esque'... Had me rollin
You said something about a golden dodge dart down the road? I'd be down to watch that.   I don't really have any love for Cadillac. My grandmother had a 71 or a 72 Cadillac that was kind of a land boat that drove in that fashion. Maybe grandma's driving was at fault, but, i just don't have good memories of it.
What a fantastic video and a true testament to your ability to keep on trying until there's nothing left to try. Unfortunately I had the same thing happen with a TBI square body that i wanted to make run. Sat for 17 years and after days of diddling and several new parts, it also ended with a fire at the TBI hat. It is currently sitting with a completely restored engine bay(spray paint) and awaiting an LS replacement.  I love what you're doing, and you're an inspiration to me. I'd never even have attempted to try and revive that ole TBI 350 had I never started watchinf your channel. Also...Moses, I'd love to own that Caddy!
Thank you Derek! I have never commented before but had to this time. I laughed my butt off so many times watching this. I owned on of these that I bought used and so I can relate. I was laughing so hard when you used the sawzall to cut half way through the exhaust, then bent it back and forth about a thousand times trying to break it off.... laughing again just thinking about it!! I am 70 years old and enjoy all your content -- keep it up.
Carb
V8-6-4-2-0
Loved this episode...I feel like it lived up to the disclaimer at the beginning just watching you wrestle that muffler.
Please wear safety goggles while grinding. And a mask.
It's a good looking car! I say rip everything out under the hood and replace it with something reliable.
Time for a Wobble Pop and a Bluntsky, but keep them disgusting cigerettes away from me. LMAO "Typical these days". Oh well I'm off for 2 smothered burritos and an Extra Large Diet Pepsi.
LS swap it please 🙏
LS3 swap!
Screw full injection and all that computer crap
nice low mileage body and chassis. Just needs an 1980 engine and computer and it will be fine.
Turn it in to just carberater
I've seen every VGG video and I've never once seen him react with such surprise when that old thing barked off. I'll. Be. Dipped.
Carb swap
Man I do not miss having to deal with my early 80's GM. I had an 83 Buick hearse with the electrodigital feedback carb. The sensor would go bad and it would dump fuel like that. The only solution was to throw another reman carb on about every other oil change.
dude you should LS swap it.
A guy looks out of his element. 😂
I wish I could like this video more than once, it so deserves it! Not the destination but the journey that matters and it was a crazy journey.
“The brake drum has traveled farther than the car”. Classic
YOUR CAMERA SUCKS BADDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
They needed to employ the K.I.S.S. principle.  Were it me, I would abandon the car at the entrance to the junk yard.
Praise the cameraman, the shot of the brake drum was pure gold.
You should stop using your lungs as a filter
What A Job, & NO WAY IT WOULD HAVE EVER RAN With Any of that EXHAUST, & That Makes Me Wonder WHY Anyone  Would Have A SHOP That BIG & Beautiful  & Not Have Any Kind Of PIT RAMP OR LIFT  🙄  That's  CRAZY , But That Shop Was A MAJOR  BLESSING,  WAY WAY BETTER Than In A Field With No light. RAINING Until  it Starts Snowing & Blowing,  Did I Say Field No, Nope Along The Side Of A LONLEY GRAVEL KINDA ROAD🙄🤔😬
That 4.1 is the equivalent of DEF
I guess i never realized how tall you are, you trying to get in that big ol' Cadillac is like me trying to jump in a power wheels. 😂
This is the first time I've seen the 25 or 6 to 4 system. A fella hears that was invented in Chicago.
Ls swap it
Boy, this car is a piece of work 😂
Try an engine coolant temp sensor , the trucks and 3rd gens of similar vintage with a TBI were notorious for flooding if the ECT was bad
Funniest and at the same time the most frustrating video  yet that I've watched.
Piece of junk, sell it ...
The new gas tank caught me off guard
Back in the early 90's, I suffered through the same issues on my 1981 Coupe Deville.  I spent more time chasing electrical issues and changing computers than actually driving the car.  There was a workaround to disable the 8-4-6 function that helped with reliability that the prior owner had done before my acquisition. When it did run, it was a couch on wheels and a pleasure to drive.  I had a love-hate relationship with that car.   I eventually gave it to my brother who spent the next few years chasing the same problems until he also gave up and got rid of it.
That one put up a fight.  I honestly think it's the computer too.  Also, the off and warmer does code stuff but I moreso think it's on 1989-1993 or so Cadillacs. I would enable off and warmer to view codes on fuel display and the end of the run (or no codes) was 7.0... then off and hi buttons would clear any codes, and press auto to go back to climate control.    I have a service manual for 1992 that goes super in depth on how to disable individual injectors, view O2 readout, turn on or off EGR, actuate idle speed control motor, etc.    I do think that's all your Caddy needs at this point is the computer though as it sounds like it's shutting down after a few seconds.   I wonder if the sensors are losing their 5V reference when the computer goes nuts.    At any rate, I like the idea of disabling the V6/V4 stuff, and or even just going carbureted.  I also like the idea of an LS swap or something.  She's too nice to end up in a junkyard.
Win some, lose some buddy. Still loved your video!
can I buy this Cadillac from u?🔥
No guard no gloves no glasses, no problem. What?
so, the problem was so obvious, the under hood light bulb was blown, this short circuited all the Logicalis and confused the poor thing...
YouTube is killing me with these new 1 minute long commercial breaks every couple of minutes.
Will the Holley Sniper 2bbl system fit that intake? That could be a cool upgrade
Carb swap
hey man, kudos on all the effort, throw away the tbi, hopefully there is good performing manifiold and stuff 650-700cfm vacumm secondary carb in there, and then show us a video of the caddy roasting them rears!
Put it on a trailer bring it home and take all that crap out of there. Put a new motor in it. An old one without all that BS on it.
You need a Meth-Head to show you how to get that Cat out.....
This reminds me of my boat. I believe some vehicles are just cursed.
I have an 89 gmc k1500 5.7 tbi. It has a similar problem, every now and then it'll flood  so bad the gas flows over the side of the engine.
Derek ... us in Australia have our own V.G.G.  A guy in country New South Wales by the name of Mick... Back shed is his title
Drum im outa here back to old school
I think I would drop a intake and carburetor on it. Pull all that other junk off.
HOW COME I SQUINTED WHEN HE STARTED CUTTING THE MUFFLER OFF?
Carb please
This one made my brain hurt. I could feel your frustration!
It was pure gold when the drum came off the rear and took off across the shop floor.  😄
I need a dad rule #3 dad sneeze short! 😂😂 *** heard in the background "OMG"***😂😂 34:54
Old school swap it and make it a going to town rig
Well Derek, what did a feller hate more? The 8,6,4, or the Bricklin?
Best laugh of the day when the Brake Drum took off on its own 😂😂👍👍
Derek slimming down
Love VGG, but not a fan of the handy cam footage the whole time. Definitely gotta be making Derek's job easier but I like the tripod shots we usually get much more.
When it's fixed talk about the absolute perfect road trip, floating on the clouds ride but. Even with all the technologies, the ls variable displacement still only works for a while then doesn't. I bet it also has the "twilight sentinel" which is what the auto headlights should always be called in my book.
I had a 1985 Fleetwood two door, red on red with a red opera roof. Paid 1600 for it in the late 1990s. GREAT car until that enhgine blew it's head gasket as most of them do. Best thing for that Cad is to put an Oldsmobile V8 in it.
Great revival and the car did start . Well done Derek 👍
I replaced mine with an Olsmobile Rocket engine.
I had ah 87 fleetwood / brougham de' Elegance.  With ah 5.0 litre. V8. It litterally ran till i got tired of the car. And i loved it. Lol. Mine was a 4 door buttoned leather. Most comfortable ride in the world. Marker lights on the hood. And power eeeeverthing.  Even had a self tinting rear view  if someone hit you with the brights from behind. Lol.
Sale it.
Don't give on this one Derick. It's a rare find.
Good choice of car for this format. I don’t think setting cameras on tripods and walking in circles around this thing in the rain would have worked. What a mess of a car.
Like the variable venturi brain storm?
The video was great. I'm thinking you should try and finda different intake and carb swap it or slap a fitech or holley sniper on it.
I like the camera work in this one.
LS swap, just saying....
HEROIC Effort !! Just looking in to that engine bay made my head hurt - you wrestled with it for 2-3 days (i lost count) and managed to get it to run, spin the wheels and brake.  I am impressed and entertained even though it didn't drive out the door.   I think to make that beast run reliably would require a complete tear down to the block and rebuild from there...   Easier to do an LS Swap, but then what would you have ???    It would have lost any 'specialness' it had as 1 yr only motor... I like Betty White better anyway.
Nice! I worked at that exact machine shop for MANY years!
Carb swap nice exhaust road trip then sell her.
General motors never learn from there mistakes there doing cylinder deactivation again poor vehicles
What if we get used to the high quality video and lighting not saying your's is bad but this is a step above
I know exactly how to fix this first pull the motor then put a hemi in it
Best options: 1) sell it asap. 2) swap in a 500ci big block Caddy lump and carbs?
replace engine,
The camera shaking as the person giggles at the brake drum getting sick of that engines nonsense 2:03:09
SELL IT. Move on. No need to carb swap it.
Looks like Apollo 11...lol Except none of that pesky aluminum foil....
I bought a limo with an 8-6-4. What a piece of crap it was. Electrical gremlins from bumper to bumper.  If you want the fuel guage to work then you'll need to bang on the dash around it.
I think some time you should revive a Porsche 944. So many of them are rotting away after they were beat on when they were cheap, and they are quickly getting harder to find. They are lovely little cars.
I’ve been in the “reset the climate control” phase, it’s a dark place
Take it to the junkyard. I run into stuff like this with HVAC units that were made in the inbetween years. The circuit board stuff isn't fully integrated yet and you get this half solid state half analog stuff that if it's not working and its a huge pain to fix. That Caddy imo is one of those things that if you can do your normal deal to it and it comes alive and drives that's great. Do something with it. But if theres all kinds of gremlins just cut your losses. If someone likes that car they could pull all that old stuff and put one of the new fuel systems on it. How much do you like it? Also, those years with the gaps where the plastic is gone look horrible. I mean I know we're all about patina but those chunks missing is another deal. I see one running around every now and again and they look a bit more than ghetto.
In the video I did not see you check. the fuel pressure.  Recently My friend and I worked on his 350 with the Holly sniper fuel injection after 2 shops could not figure out the issue.  I will say at this point I am not an fuel injection expert by and stretch of the imagination.  My expertise is with Jet engines and motorcycle's.  What we found with some trouble shooting was the return line to the tank had been pinched on installation and was causing the fuel pressure to be at 100PSI.  The problems this was causing was very similar to the issues you were experiencing.I'm not saying this is your issue but I would  put a pressure gauge on both pressure and return sides and make sure your delivery  is correct before I did anything else. Not sure what the fuel pressure is supposed to be on the Caddy but on the Holley sniper it is 58 to 61PSI
Man i hate this. I think if you have time you should come back to these car and give it another shot.
Rebuild the 454 you pulled out of the truck and put it in the Cadillac. PLEASE don't put a LS in it. Lot more fun with old school engine in it 😎👍
Always give the give the charging whirler a few whacks with a Tanya Harding when not charging. Works most of the time!
Keep up the great work and content.
Take the pos to the junk yard
no easier way to cut that pipe clean?  LOL
20 seconds into this video and I'm like, just go get a 4 barrel manifold and carb for it.  Assuming they make a carb manifold for a 368 Caddy.  Not sure if it's the same as the 425-472-500.  But if it is...go carb now lol.
I would do a carb swap on it since it's a pretty nice car
Great Revival Dereck, Attempting To Give That Old-Gal Another Shot At It, That Line About The Brake Drum Traveling Further Than The Car Has Was Hysterical 😂 Your Hard Work Is Appreciated, This One Seemed To Fight You, Clean Old Cadillac,Hope To See It Again, Maybe A TBI Swap Or Something, Betty White Cousin Deserves Another Chance.. Thanks Dereck, Can’t Wait To See What’s Next..
Watching the news about the Tornadoes in Tennessee! Wow. Hope you and your love ones are ok. Our thoughts are with the people affected.
Well, I for one, stuck with you all the way because you've pulled worse heaps out of the grave before. But as you say, win some lose some. Net slightly over zero and fun trying, after a few days grumbling. As for this one, I'd say dump a load of dirt in the engine bay, plant some flower seeds, push it out to the back forty and enjoy those daffodils next spring. Cheers.
a carb swap would be actually cool
Back again my sister had a white one and I think that one is haunted I know where GM built a motor at does my wife work there at Romulus engine plant and they had problem with them right on the line can you cut them loose where they're only they're running on 8 cylinders only good luck
U never gave up…..salutes my friend!🫡
Since it's already GM TBI, you could always buy one of the Howell Stand Alone TBI systems and it should bolt straight to the existing manifold. I think that would be an awesome video. Just ditch all the existing crap that's there now.
2 hrs of VGG, way too much, NOPE, PERFECT !!!!!!
Rip all that junk outta there, ls swap it with a whole engine management system.
Sticking the pinkie in the hole and then saying with joy that it worked was what got me 😂😂😂 in so many levels 😂😂😂
Honk horn if parts fall off
6 and a half minutes in and my eyes are already going crazy. What's up with that camera lens? Are we filming from the perspective of a fish?
Honestly i am surprised you didn't swear during this or perhaps you have a good editor... Its a lemon for sure. Id like you to try and rip all the stuff off and carb swap it so if anyone else has one they can watch your guide
Don't kill your self over that car, nobody ever fixed the problem with that engine, and wear your saftey glass please! Its not worth losing your eye over it. And keep a magnet around in case. Great stuff tho. It always pleases me to watch someone else doing all my old crap work. And put it down for engineering idiots in my professional experiences, thats worth the poo on my shoe! Theres only one engine worst than that, is the diesel GM, never started with out starting spray, and they lied to my grandad about at sale. Or my old 75, 500 engine was mint, but the carb needle wears holes in it, so it diesel ran forever, and the rpms were so low, it would melt the starter wires. What a waste.
An OBD scanner comes in handy. 😉
A Cadillac V864 for $1800 is $1300 too much. But I'm glad it's being saved and with the YouTube revenue I'm sure he'll be just fine.
Please!!!! Don't ever film another episode like this again! To busy for a fella to be tsken off topic by showing us a tied up rust pipe when we are tryin to see what Derek  is talkin bout! The episodes were never broke, so please don't try fixin it.
My 93 (I think) Subaru Loyale had the motorized seatbelts! I've been strangled a time or two by those things!
1:01:35 Reciprocating saw needed! UPD: 1:08:05 Here you go!  😜
And i thought the green corvette was a pile. Lol 😮😮
Getting the muffler and catalytic converter off.... nice to see a normal guy doing this.  no lift, not special tools. Well, you are smarter than the usual normal guy!
After all that, I think the best idea was tannerite, and lots of it.
Here's what I do know... Had this been a Ford with half the issues that this POS has, the belly aching that would have gone on would have been monumental....
That's the worst engine I've ever seen 😂 well maybe apart from ford ecoboom. Rip it out and slap in a good ol' Chevy smolblock with a good ol' 4 barra
Get it home and LS swap it.
put on holley fuel injection and be done
If you can't figure it out or fix anything it's junk because you're a real genius and the engine whisperer.
Why don't you wear safety glasses?
Pretty much sums up my whole life as a shade tree, screwdriver and hammer mechanic. Ya just have to remember to jiggle the ignition.
I knew someone who had one of these dogs. The fix was to disable the 684 feature and run on 8 cylinders full time.
The fight with the muffler was You Tube Gold!!!!!!
yikes...I think those old mufflers are packed with asbestos...lol...oh yeah...GAS TANKS SUCK!!!
That V8/6/4 was trash!
Ooooh, he's so pissed and if wasn't for the camera the car would have a bunch of monkeygrip marks on it and maybe be set on fire!  :)
You got the patience of a dung beetle!!!! I commend you sir. And in the world of early electrodigicals, if something went south, the computer would default to a full rich mode.
You don't need rear brakes, I drove my truck for several months thinking the brakes weren't quite right until I was towing my dad's trailer and figured out I only had 1 front brake and nothing else, I have since fixed the brakes.  My van on the other hand lost rear brakes when it blew a line, fixed it, but still didn't have rear brakes because there was air in the ABS pump, managed to bleed it out of the pump and a few months later the rear brakes are out again 🙇.  At least I know what needs done, but I think I'll see if I can break loose the bleeders so I can bleed it right this time.
Raise the radiator cap up 6 inches and drive a new car underneath it.
aàaaaaaarrrrrrrggggggghhhhh. Thumbs up&thanks&merry xmas to ya,all.(uk).
Who’s filming, Derek?  There’s another fella there!
VALAINT EFFORT MY MAN!!!!! ENTERTAINING AS ALWAYS!!!
Anyone catch the wire wheels / hubcaps are Olds Delta 88 I believe? Or Regency Brougham?
Derek, what are your thoughts on what to do with this car?
Based on your efforts Derek,  I don't think that Caddy was low mileage because the owner pampered it,....it was low mileage because it's a POS!  When the injectors caught fire, I actually thought you should just push her outside and let her go !🔥🔥🔥🔥
A cascading waterfall of continual failures and gremlins is all a car like this will be. How about 2 million subscribers special, the Estate Sale Cadillac Explosion?
Note to self. Pass on the vehicle if I see tbi.. good to know. Thanks Derek
Can you do a simple carb swap? I have 0 knowledge about this engine.
MegaSquirt conversion!!!
"just because you can, doesn't mean you should".
I laughed my ass off this episode!  The drum spinning off the hub had me in stitches!
What ac Delco plugs do you use in a sbc?
Dang Derek, a guy might need a cold snack after all that muffler demo work.
Long time watcher, first time bleep blooping. Thanks for sharing some of the best of the worst GM  moments. Who said the 5.7 diesel was better in the comments!? This video made me laugh out loud at least 4 times. Thanks again.
Hermoso🎉❤
I would suggest swapping the engine for a great running LS with modern FI.
LS swap, air ride, wheels an tires Power tour machine!!!!
time for a supercharged motor swap
You want to sell it...if only I could buy it...one of my favorite caddy body styles...
I want the Snyder cut where Derek freaks out for real at least once.
A Duster style engine and transmission and a nice set of rims? make a cool going to town rig.
A Cadillac always gets the last laugh,it inevitably carries you to your grave to be buried,after sucking you dry for you entire life.This one kept you honest DerekRember it's Derek and O'Reilly for better or worse ,til death do us part.
I'm not a mechanic but, I wonder if spraying a little WD40 around the lip of that oil filter would help loosen it up so it can be removed. WD40 seems to help a lot in loosening up rusted bolts and stuff. Just an idea I had.
It’s junk, move on to the next one.
I thought that muffler was going to beat you 😂
Coolant temp sensor is bad. Saying it’s too cold and adding more fuel.
I was a rookie Service Director of one of the largest Cadillac stores in the country at that time. I had ample time to learn and experience dealing with highly upset customers over not just this example of quality but also the 5.7 diesel and then later the HT4100. The 4100's wiping out cams and then crank bearings due to loose intake manifold bolts leaking coolant into the crankcase.  Also the CImmaron was out then too! What memories. Cadillac lost lots of customers over those vehicles. Keep up the great videos Derek.
An abandoned quarry and some trinitrotoluene. Would be tempting to me if I was at this point on this car. But if you can find someone who knows all about this system and how to troubleshoot and repair it. Then sell it quick. Or you could adapt a Q jet onto it. It might just need a computer and injectors. I would at least see if you can find an expert on it and talk with them about it. They should at least be able to help you make an informed decision about it. Absolute worst case scenario is revert to the top suggestion.
What do they do with that little red van with the face on it for
Over 20 years is Certified mechanic and I can tell you this is one of the biggest pieces of s*** on the market other than the Corvette
Wow u let that junk defeat you like that I swear them engines are for shit they have a lot of sensors that go bad n secondary air pump also goes bad  oh I know all about that junk of Chevy engines nothing but crap your best bet is just to drop a Chevy 350 or bigger into it  but other then that them cars are okay to own I don’t do cadis my self all I ride in are impala lol
Hahaha, the muffler removal had me rolling so hard.  You could of just easily held it down and then ground the top of the pipe and would have been much simpler.   Hindsight.
I think the car wanted to burn itself down.  That’s a sign.
Watching Derek struggle with this soul hanging out of his body, i realized that a method to dissuade thieves from stealing a cataleptic convector would be to bolt a shield from the inside.
I'm only about half way through the video so far, but man, does it make me feel good watching you go through many of the struggles I go through on my Cadillac.  It makes me feel so much more normal lol
I hate to be part of the "LS Swap" chorus, but if anything EVER needed a motor swap, this is it. You could Cummins swap it and be better. LS? Sure. K24? it would be nice. 2JZ? Easily better. Coyote? Really good. Cadillac Northstar? Yes! Vortec 4200 Atlas. Oh, yeah. Anything controlled by a Holley Dominator? I would go for that.
I agree with a LS swap.  For me, I prefer a late 40’s to mid 60’s Series 62 Derek never gives up, always great videos
Derik, what’s your criteria for doing these build/drives? Do you have a distance, a potential repair, cost, etc.? I remember in some of your videos you say that they don’t even have a title or registration you’re doing the dirty driving back to wherever you go, which is usually your home. Just curious love the channel, love all of yourefforts and appreciate the time away from your family
OMG ! ...I just heard there were some tornado touch downs in Tenn. !  I hope you and all your family & friends are safe! ... D."BigAl" Halverson, Richfield, MN.
My compliments to the camera people for not laughing through most of the video. If it was me behind the camera, I would be cracking up constantly. Derek, you showed amazing patience with this car. The carb swap seems like the way to do... and I was already thinking it about an hour in.
Hahahaahaha what a complete boat anchor😅 Feel sorry for ya on that one Derek The brake drum has left the shop 😅
LS swap or put a New Holley on it - I was feeling sorry for you Derek that was painful to watch for you - but a nice car it should be made to run..
The perfect candidate for an ev conversion.
Muffler is not an issue anymore.  (Easy process of removal.) lol - you crack me up
60 seconds in, Yep easy as Pi.
I kinda like you having a camera guy.
lol that engine putting you thru a loop on that engine the secondary air hoses go bad and it can’t breath right you would need to replace a few hoses my buddy owns one the but his a 1983 De ville and I’m his mechanic but man that engine sucks butt so I’m fixing to drop in a Chevy 350
It's not a GM with out G**d*** M*****f*****.  You should name this beast the Ghost because it's definitely haunted. I would say the body looks great.  Ask Cleetus if he wants a new project.
2:03:00 - the drum has left the chat.
Swap that garbage engine out. An LS swap would be the apparent modern-day thing to do. An old-school small block or even a big block swap that has a fuel make-it-happener on top would be nice. Something different would be a complete GN engine. Anything would be better than that engine, and that car does deserve a second life with a better power supply, especially since the overall condition of it is good.
You wont beieive how much scrap yards are paying for that convertor
Don't let it beat you. Carburetor swap.
Please clarify why you put the fire out. The garage door was right there... Your only chance now is an engine transplant. Now, you mentioned a Duster...
Somewhere there is a junkyard in search of a 1981 Cadillac!
Eye safety level 100: keeping your eyes closed while sawing
I got a homie who sent a '99 Tahoe that's been sitting in his yard for 13 years to a shop. He got mad because they told him $1500 just to get it started and running. He said they was crazy. I'm going to send him this video.
Lets carb it and drive it! ❤😎
Thanks to O'reilley, but, No lift?  But they have 4 oil filter wrenches hanging on wall and none of 'em could get the oil filter off.
lol @ the oil filter replacement.
I don't think I ever saw you give up! Good for you. It is the right thing to do. But, How about an LS swap for this? I especially like the remote tail light feature. Amazing they sold this as a premium vehicle and put an experimental engine in it. No engineer would have allowed that. It had to be the accountants behind this failure.
Regarding the missing plastic pieces at the car's rear, see an article by David Cornwell in the February 2024 issue of Hemming's Classic Car magazine.  He gives a source for parts and instructions on installing replacements.
I'd love to see the electronic gremlins worked out.
The brake drum has had enough of this Caddy.                    🤣
Wow what a slog of an episode but great viewing though. I think this one should be required viewing for every design engineer in the automotive industry as a lesson on KISS. "keep it simple stupid."
But I also Think it need an ls swap
Almost sound like Map sensor😊
LS Swap it.
Nice Vaas reference right there feller
Looks as tho a tbi kit for 93 s-10 may be same as your caddy.
I say go ahead and tear out the electro digical doo dads and convert it to a carburetor!  Either that or play wack-a-mole with the tired and failing ecm, fuel injection, sensors, etc.
I like that there are actually some cars that you just can't get working right and have to take an L on in this series.  Makes the successes more fun and relatable.
LMAO Muffler wars 2023
I have been a viewer since the early days in your garage and I have always loved your videos however I am not a fan of the addition of a camera person. Not only was the camera work excessively shakey and to much zoom action but the 'feel' of the video is diminished as you seem more like you're talking to the camera person rather than talking to the audience or muttering to yourself (which we all love!). I don't want to sound like one of those fellas who's against change, I just don't think the new camera work makes the channel better. Thanks!
Well for those who forgot why GM is the worst group of engineers here is the reason they sucked as a innovated company throw crap out there oh shoot let’s go back to what we did  and never change    Then get left in the dust. Only make changes every 20 years so we don’t need the fed to bail us out
VW had multi point fuel inj. in 1979 and it worked with points.  It was a pain to work on.  But for a air cooled 2L. it made decent power.  Just if you used too many rpm's the valve seats would let loose.
I just watched a Guy beat the stuffing out of a muffler.
How an
I would scrap this one or just part it out. Not really exciting.
I'm honestly surprised you didn't just chuck a basic carb on it, the chances of it running with all the emmission stuff and digitals was almost nil 😂  Made for an entertaining video, though. That drum trying to make a quick getaway tickled a fellas laugh appendages.
Watching you remove the exhaust has to be one of the best things I’ve ever watched great job
Derek, you have awesome patience. Keep up the great work 👍
I think Volkswagen is the one who did the auto seatbelt the most from what I’ve seen. My brother has a prelude and it’s normal seatbelt. Not sure if it was an option
I know you don't believe in MASKS bud , but ALL THAT JUNK CANNOT BE GOOD FOR YOUR LUNGS!!!!!
Absolutely loved this episode, especially when the brake drum went looking for a new home. Derek, you’re the best at this. Looking forward to the next 2 hour 20 minute, or maybe 3 hour video
Here's hoping that you and the Mrs the youngins the dogs the cats and all the other vise grip critters are safe and well after that tenacious Tennessee tornado blowing through the neighborhood. Stay safe.
What that car needs...Is a good old Demolition derby!!
An ol boy taught me on a tight oil filter to start the engine, and try to loosen it while its running, the oil pressure pushes outward and takes pressure off the stuck O ring.  I thought he was nuts until I had a Durango that was in 4 different shops, and he showed me that trick.    Ill BE DIPPED!
Derek, could you please use a gyro camera when moving cam shot. I enjoy all your videos since years ago. But when shooting with moving cam I get almost sea sick.
You know Derek is getting frustrated when the number of made up words goes to zero!  Stay the course!
Derek & the dominos
Didn't run long enough to get rust LOL!
I would have started with a "To don't list"
Probably not a good suggestion, but your lack of familiarity with TBI engines and the fact that if is an 8-6-4, leads me to believe you are overlooking some basic troubleshooting issues. If there is someone who is familiar with old GM TBI engines you could contact, or someone on this channel who is real familiar with TBI, I think this could be made to run good. I DID work on these years ago at the dealership, primarily disabling the selective cylinder feature. The usually ran good AFTER this was done , except for fuel mileage. NO, it was a bad idea, but GM was trying to meet CAFE standards as set forth by the EPA, just like today. The EPA needs to be abolished. It is way too powerful Even today, many years later and better technology,  GM's variable displacement engine in the trucks , turned out to be a huge problem. Also, I don't believe you were preforming the onboard diagnostics correctly. These computers would clear soft codes when the ignition switch was turned off. Hard failures , like what you had would stay in the computer until resolved. Find an OBD1 scan tool that might help (good luck finding one)
2:03:08 This is the Chef's Kiss! Total chaos for a few seconds with no one or thing getting hurt (at least not in the shop).  I also salute the camera operator too - they ate dust, mice nest, fumes/vapors, plus, sat there next to that super loud exhaust.  Well done, Derek and team!
Garage yoga !
You found Cotton Hill's Cadillac Car!
Pretty good for a farm kid working on old tractors and grain trucks. Keep fixen'um.
put an ls in it
With wrong part O'Reilly you should have a golf cart there to get those parts.
Holley EFI that sucker and delete on a lot of the unnecessary smog systems. A guy needs a simple solution.
I'm really sorry  Derek, but I'm at the part where you cut off the Deluxe Mouse Condo/Muffler and I am laughin' so darn hard I had to take a break ! .....LOL...... I'll be going back to it now, because I wanna see how this car comes out. I drove an '81 with this weird engine in it back in the Summer of '86  when I worked for an Auto Auction in Plymouth, MN. Mine was a wreck compared to this and I think I may have contributed to it blowing up... Can't wait to see what you do with this one...love them Coupes !! ... D. "BigAl" Halverson, Richfield, MN
Personally I’d like to see if a guy can make the vintage system work with modern digitals
100% carb swap.
Ls swap
Don't those TBI's have a fuel pressure regulator in them?  Would that have been the place to look?
A guy hated to watch a feller struggle, but it did run! I would be interested in seeing what it needs to run correctly tho
Get rid of the TBI, put a olds 350 diesel in it and we are looking forward for part 2 and 3 🤪
had a boss years ago he had one in the coup hated it ,traded it .
Hold my cold snack better be a new sticker cause a feller would buy it
Try this.... Say "CHRISTINE, I'M SORRY!"
I wonder what Wynonna Judd is doing today.
I think this is the first time that we have actually seen you really struggle with a rig. This is sooooooooo relatable - if you have spent any time under a hood, you have been here. Thank you so much for showing that you struggle at times. So much of what you do, you make look so easy and it is so cool to see that the master struggles at times too - but you never give up and you are an inspiration to so many.
that's how there were brand new, i remember.
Like this one way more than the Motor Trend ones.
EFI FAILURE - happened to me and a friend on the way skiing between Athen,GA & Boone,NC,  In a 1982ish Citation (single TBI).  ECU commanded full flood. To preserve our record of never being stranded by a car, I splice the radar detector wire into the TBD solenoid connection.  While me friend drove, I 'pulsed' the wired to get us moving, then held them for full throttle (all 70hp) until we could coast into a shop just before dawn.  Another friend picked up a new ECU from the dealer next to our parents town and he delivered it to us after borrowing a car to ski and make it to a hotel.  Plugged in the new ECU and drove it home.
LS swap!!
Humorage and learnage at the same time!!
Whilst I feel your frustration it is refreshing to see every guy has one of THOSE days
This was the most funny episode in a long time, great job Derek
This was the most funny episode in a long time, great job Derek
This was the most funny episode in a long time, great job Derek
As a Nissan guy who's owned probably a dozen old EFI vehicles, I'm amazed how much better the Bosch systems of the same era is, yet still terrible by modern standards.  Yup, let's all go buy the early 80's computer-box cars.
I really love the longer episodes. And Cadillacs. Love you, Derek!
CONVERT IT OVER TO A CARBURATOR, IVE ALLWAYS WANTED TO DO THAT TO SEE WHAT PROBLEMS COME UP?
I got so nervous and frustrated JUST WATCHING that I had to watch in segments and take a dose of nerve medicine, you my friend have the patience of a saint!
As a fellow sasquatch. I feel for ya squeezing in and out of the seat forward problem. Also, I wonder how many other folks said "Bless you!" when you sneezed... Great episode!
That was very entertaining, but also tough to watch. GM tried many things a little too early in development and just launched it to the dealers. I never did see one of these 4, 6,8s at any the dealerships in Iowa as diesels were the hot commodity at that time. Our family owned 3 vehicles with the 5.7 diesel engine, two had some success, but the other, and  ironically the newest got 2 new engines, on GMs tab (we still have it).   The last GM diesel we bought was the 4.3 diesel (v6) had well over 300k on it when  i sold it to a guy that put another 100k on it. In regards to the video, I got a feeling he will get this one running, but that rust on the carb was a bad omen.  That resistance on all the sensors connections  shut this one down. That's a guess, but those early connections did nothing to keep moisture out.  Mr VGG can't possible read all the comments, but id sure like to see this one running as it was designed.
The 89 Deville had the same throttle body injection system. I had a TPS go out while driving. It ran with the throttle at 75%. I drove it to work (7 miles) like that. I had to ride the brakes and my rotors were glowing red by the time I made it to work.
my respect to you for trying everything you did to get that beast running. I say. cut your losses. and push it off a mountain.
Great episode! Loved the drum taking off for the hills! Would like to see a carb or aftermarket FI swap, defeat the existing ECU and related controls, and lock it to V8 operation only.
65,000 miles of church, grandkid's birthday parties, going to town, and other special occasions.
Hello Dereck: When you get the Caddy home you have a new set of tires new alternator new brakeline new O2 sensor. It just might be sniper time? If you want to keep the vehicle original it might be worth sending the computer to a good electronics repair shop and pull more hair out when it is returned still not working properly. That was an easy fix. (LOL). Please bring us along with whatever you decide for another episode of the In Limbo Caddy.
I've just watched someone for 2 hours not getting a car running😂😂😂😂
I am definitely interested in a carb swap.
In an age when owning a Caddy was viewed as a sign of success my father bought the Seville sedan version with the same engine. Besides the electronics being an engineering nightmare to diagnose for technicians there was a real world drivability issue. If the sensors didnt read full throttle acceleration the engine would try to cut back on active cylinders while the transmission was trying to upshift and it caused a hesitation much like the feeling you get from a modern engine with a bad coil pack. Annoying to say the least.
This reminds me of troubleshooting my 85 project corvette.  Couldn't tell you how many times I had to jump the obd plug to count those stupid service engine light flashes but I figure it out...eventually.  I had a really similar issue as yours on an older TBI s10...ended up being the temp sensor causing the problem (*&^*(&$%^*&^%&*^%
I had a 91 firebird expirencing similar issues. I came to the conclusion that the wiring casing, the terminals, and the connectors being 30+ years old can not transmit and receive a consistent signal. When you have a system that is run off of analog values, it's very important that they are consistent. I would go as far as to say, unless it's been 100% rewired and you have brand new sensors, you're going to have issues. Carb swap it, hillborn scoop out of the hood, and swap a dually axel in it. Lol, make it a freak of nature.
do a 1980 rebuild
No.  If I got my hands on that creampuff, I'd tow it home and give it a good going over before I started it.  (Not true, I'd try to start it, but I wouldn't ask her to go 500 miles all by herself.)
It needs a 4bbl and a normal hei bet it would solved all the trouble
get rid of fuel injection-go with carb and new intake-change the distibutor to reg distribator--i did this to a 80 eldo it was sporatic like your cad-now runs great
these videos are such nonsensical bullshit     -
That's an 80's Cadillac alright. In my experience you're always better off going right to a toilet bowl swap at the first sign of trouble with any TBI system, unless you want the challenge. The car is worth it but the commodore 64 in the dash is not.
The brake drum exit was the best. "I'm outta here"
Wow. I do not think I saw you giving up on one ever bevore. Admire your patience though. Would have set it on fire on day one.
one of the best episodes ever🚘🔥
Best muffler delete ever
This revival will be a top favorite now just for the amount of genuine laughs as things kept progressively happening. The brake drum and the flame out of the  TBI.  You’re the best man thank you for what you do!
The drum going flying was hilarious!!!!
How do you? and just throws the air filter, there you go! LOL! I love this guy.
I bet you they used all the same tbi stuff from the chevy and gmc efi trucks.  Just find one at a Junk yard and I bet those injector solenoids and tps will plug right in.
Derek you need a set of noid lights and a power probe. These old toilet bowl induction systems are as easy as carbs are. I feel like you were so close on this one, would have loved to see it go! As smart as you are, this is not beyond your capability for sure!
These old things always put up a fight, some of them don’t want to be brought back from the dead!  It would be cool to see it again just to help some of us find out what can be done with those motors. Probably a lot of them sitting around, given the issues.
That Caddy was definately haunted ! lol
Comming from a country that "Land Yachts" never migrated to, tbh im in awe of this immense vehicle. Looking under the hood didn't relieve any of my growing apprehension of this project.
Strongest muffler ever lol
Get that motor and bleep bloop gone.  Put a 454 in it with a Holly 750. duals ..maybe mufflers (it is a caddy)   fix the stupid seat.  Shame to waste such a perfect body.   After all.. it is about saving road creatures
IMMEDIATELY had a weird taste within the first few minutes… then I noticed Derek isn’t by himself. Hits different with people around him in the background :/ non the less, still always a great time when VGG uploads <3
I'd like to see you convert it to a carb, personally. I'd like to see what you have to do to get this car running well.
That thing needs an LS7. Or maybe a 572!
Cadillackin all the stuff. I'd say get it running with an off road carb and enter a demolition derby with @thefabrats
I've been hearing about the tornado that ripped through Tennessee.  Praying you and your family are ok.
CARB SWAP
I'm going to have to sue this channel for making me excessively laugh.
The drum coming off was hilarious! 😂
OMG, when that brakedrum cartwheeled through the shop I laughed so hard the tears rolled down my cheeks. Thanks for the great entertainment Derek.
I like this video with a cameraman (or woman). It reminds me of the Ernest P. Worrell videos. Where it's like he's talking to us (us being the camera). Great job as always!
I can see the disappointment in Derek’s face. Has to be the first time I’ve seen him this discouraged. That’s a great track record though. One loss in a million wins. I’d put a terminator on and show the caddy a real fuel injection system
If you can carb swap it that would be fine, but seems like a lot of electrical gremlins.
Replace the coolant sensor should fix the fueling problem
Feller please for the love of god put some safety glasses on. I know they suck but damaging your eyes can’t be undone.
Im howling at the muffler wrestle.
I had a fealing from the start,that this one wouldn't run proper--Not Cause o You,Derrick!!---Heck man GM couldn't even get those to run right!!--They were garbage!--Good car!-GARBAGE EFI!!!--Would live to see all the garbage ripped off it-&some kinda holley sniper throttle body setup installed/Or see it switched to a carb!!(just my 2¢)--Thats a awefully nice car to just waste!--&that engine has hardly any miles on it-I wasnt capable of being on the road much!--Looks to be a big block cad motor-surely theres other carb/type parts that fit it!
That had to been one of Gm  better ideas ,i say do a engine swap, or carb the car out ,or a more modern holley sniper ,set up, either way what you have going on right now with the car ,shame to sell its has a solid body would make a good going to town car as you say ,but it most likely needs that power plant gone
I don’t know if I’m feeling the camera person thing….
I would love to see this carb swapped for the quadrajet!
I feel your pain, 80’s electronics can be troublesome especially when there are allot of it and it’s 40 years old, I’m most cases one sensor can cause a cascade of symptoms. Then there is intermittent issues, and dealing with new old stock that is again 40 years old……Good grief 😵‍💫
"it's in my soul." lol I died
The 70's engineers taught the new generation of engineers well! CAN'T WORK ON NOTHIN!!! I almost guarantee that all these problems will come down to a simple sensor or a ground issue somewhere. Derek, you are the MAN for fighting this all the way to the end! Win some, lose some, that's just plain old LIFE! Appreciate you!!!
Back in the 90’s my dad went to the junkyard and bought a cast iron intake off of some engine (can’t remember) and carbureted a Seville that my aunt had. The factory fuel injection was pure junk but the Quadrajet saved the day and it was running the day she sold it. The man who bought it was so happy that he had found one that had already been changed over. Nice work Derek, now just haul it home and do what needs to be done… you know what that is. That is too nice a car to just throw away. 💯👏🏻
Honestly, I’d rather have one of the V-8-6-4 engines than the HT4100 which followed.  If you disable the electronics, the 8-6-4 is just a tough, old, all-iron, smaller displacement version of the 472/500 engine family, and will run as a v8 with a carburetor and HEI just fine.  Forever.  The 4100 came off the assembly line as scrap metal. Aluminum block, but IRON heads, and 250 cubic inches trying to haul around a chassis designed for 365 to 425 cubic inches… yeah that’ll work GREAT!  Nope. No, it didn’t and the complaining lasted a lot longer than one model year.
Drop an LS in the ole gal.
That was a great 2 hr video.wasnt  till you squeezed into the front seat we can tell how big you actually  are!the way you handle frustration with humor and hard work is better then all the other utubers!i hope there paying you well cause they are commercialing your stuff to death!Also what ever happened with the blue firebird you engined swapped at the show a few months back never saw it finished!Keep up the great work and have a Merry Christmas!
Who's running your camera - awesome and hilarious as always @vicegripgarage!
Great attempt not every car is a winner but the drum coming off was hilarious
Derek you're a gift to humanity and DIY's all over the world!!! You've given me the motivation to work on my 1972 Chevelle SS. You are a wordsmith and I love the hand gestures; when your hand is in the camera frame shaking, moving and digitally working the scene --- it reminds me of the 60's show the Addams Family,  "Thing", Ted Cassidy aka "Lurch" --- played "Thing" --- I mean his hand played Thing. Oh well, great job on another great show. Keep up the good work!!!!
Safety glasses can be uncomfortable  but its better than losing an eye.
Those are Oldsmobile badged wire wheel covers.
We do it right, because we do it twice!
The muffler battle had me 😂
Derek, I'm guessing the flooding issue is when you originally correctly fitted the lower small O-rings on the injector pots - you then messed up - when you took them out again, you got it wrong with the O-ring in the wrong place - it thus couldn't seal the pot - and as its not building fuel pressure, the car just keeps pumping - hence the hydro-lock.  And why it runs with the injector unplugged as its the fuel leaking by feeding the engine - 6hrs work and a messed up engine - for the sake of a bit of vaseline / other lubricant and it would have gone together correctly - and also never fit paper gaskets dry that's why they 1) fail to seal, 2) stick and tear next time round
I think replacing the injectors, and TPS might help, along with 50 years of checking wires. Good luck to you!
Worked with a lady many years ago whose husband bought two of those nightmares as a his & hers. They only kept them for 2 years and traded them in for Mercedes.
Holley Sniper it bro!
Had a 1980 Deville, took out 2 deer with it, only damage was a busted headlight, they sure don't make them like they use to...
I would b a tad worried with all the anti freeze that was probably pouring all over the computer box’s fingers crossed bud  hey what’s the fun in just driving hm lol  Cheers  Derick keep on the good fight 🎉
Mad Respect grabbing a bull by the horns.  I kind of like the tannerite idea.  lol
give it  A "Damn Good Thrashing" | Fawlty Towers style
I rented one in early ‘82. I liked it, being an end-user.
I’d Say Rip all the do Dabs out an computer an make it carburettor car .. 1 year Gubbings is Crap by what I’ve heard no wonder it was a one year engine get shut of all of it .. an make it a proper Cadillac.. an new exhausts… 👍👍👍👍😎
i think the lower orings on injectors should have fit into the grooves that are in the necked down portion of tbi.   You had them correctly located but then took them out and slid them on the injector , fuel is leaking by the injector from the fuel supply reservoir around the injector
Wow! That was brutal!
Heh... Now, I just know I saw eye protection in that box of parts prior to you removing those tank straps 😀  Edited to add... I haven't laughed this hard in one of your videos in a while. Great job!
Kazoontie!
Carb swap and then let's see how many hoses and wires can be deleted!
as a retired member of the cadillac family and have worked on that engine a few times!!!!!!  I commend you on trying to my that car run but the cheapest way to get that car to run is to pull everything out of the engine bay and swap in a different motor and electronics, there really is a good reason why it only lasted for one year and then was trashed, all car companys make mistakes but this was one cadillac was ashamed of and tried to hide and get rid of fast!!!!!!
Ht4100. Don't forget the lifters that dropout when changing modes.  I had one crushed thinking that the 842 was just electric and it shook and shimmied and blew out blue smoke. I seriously thought I had a worn out cam bc some rockers weren't moving. Who knew the lifters dropped on purpose too
Dynamite or a 454 swap! 😂
Well, too bad, it didn´t wanna run..  Anyways, just throw in a blown big block of some sort, add a pair of slicks, and lets see how that turns out!?. :D
Qjet swap
The 1981 Coup Deville. Change the water temp sensor. I had a 1992 Silverado with TBI that ran the same way and the temp sensor was bad and telling the computer that the truck was at -40 degrees.
After all of the years, the capacitors inside the electronics are most likely shot.
Had a 94 tahoneith this same issue. Mever figured it out. Then i put a mee fuel pump in it and then it wouldnt crank ever again.
I bought a 81 sedan deville back in the day for $600. Previous owner had all the 864 stuff bypassed. I rigged it up on toggle switches for highway cruising. But the tired old girl struggled enough with all 8 cyl that, that was a waste of my time have. But it was my daily for a few years. Fun car
I think trying to reset the codes by using the climate control is wrong. I believe that was a self diagnostic for the climate control only. Is there a check gauges light in the dash! I am thinking there must be an early diagnosis port under the dash and you connect two terminals and the check gauges light blinks out the code. Removing the sad terminal on the battery should remove all stored codes also. The hardest job in the world is trying to fix something that someone else messed with. Great video!
This car would be great for the demolition derbys!
Dereck, you do know if you left that muffler drag the ground eventually it’ll come off
Stick it in the far corner of rusty acres and forget it until you need a stock car for racing then slam something big in it. This car is a Christine  and it don't love you Del. 🤣
Talk about unreliable....  LS swap that junk.
i would like to see a carb slapped on it get it running right.
This vehicle needs a "brain transplant".  Replace the 4/6/8 system with the holly sniper fuel injection system.  It's way too nice of a car to let it go.
My dad had one of those he purchased new,  when Cadillac offered a fix to deactivate the technology he took his in and was much happier.
Reduce costs....1 Gallon of fuel and a match
1:45:34 "You can save half a mile per gallon" - is that an euphemism of low gas mileage ? lol
STICK WITH THE TBI , ID LIKE TO SEE IT WORK , GOOD EFFORT !!!
LS swap that thing 😅
put a 500 CID cadillac or a modern V8 in it.
Scrap it and stick to vehicles that are worth saving
Thank you very much for this episode.  I was riveted. Hope that you can spend some time with your family over the holidays.  I remember reading the papers for this 8-6-4 car and my Dad was so excited for success for the American car companies vs. the others... Watching this episode brought back those memories and sadly the reality of how that turned out.  For me, the only way  to watch another episode on this car would be if you could find a way to fix the gremlins with the 8-6-4 and make it actually work to show what Americans can do.  In reality, I'd delete the computer and swap in a Holley EFI and drive it to town 🙂
Derek One of you better videos. You owned the 81 for a while and never bought the repair manual with diagnostics knowing it had a risky systems. I think you misses the opportunity to really show folks how Car Nuts attack the unknown adventure. We have brains and study our subjects. I know you do to.   I also had to work alone 99% of the time. But who was running the camera? I heard them chuckle when the engine caught fire.  Swapping the Carb and ignition may have been a short cut and we would have missed seeing the guts of a T-Body but you likely would have driven it home.and still had a mess of clicks and likes.  I was right there with you trying to break that last bit of pipe to get the nasty old muffler off. You Take care and Auction the Caddy to highest bidder, but include the manual so he has a chance. Dennis
Cross fire injection comes to mind. Another dirty nightmare. Oh the dark ages of emissions and tbi injection. Do you remember your 1950's hemi that got 20 mpg? Why do they do this? It defies common sense.
Derek, this is coming from a radiologist: please wear eye protection! Obviously for eye injury but also bc things will get complicated if you get a piece of metal in your eye and you need an MRI down the road. We can’t do them in patients with metal foreign bodies in the eye. Just lookin out for a guy.
Dereck, I’ve been a subscriber for years and gobble up every video you release. Thank you for all the awesome years of work to edutain us!  Recently I unsubscribed to YouTube Premium - because things are getting expensive these days! - and now I have the unfortunate experience of being beat over the noggin by ads. Your extended length videos are so hard to watch because of these. It’s no joke when I say the video stops for ads every 5 minutes or so. It’s worse than cable TV :(
Kudos to the camera man for keeping a straight face.
I was actually doing the safety squints with you cutting the muffler!!
When Derek crams himself into that front seat…🤣😂🤣😂 Way…way too close to the dash!
tow it to the crusher, you know you want to hahahahaaaaa no seriously Dooooooooooooooooooo Itttttttttttttttttttttttttt
Legend has it that the rear brake drum made it home before Derek...
Yeah, forget that computer business. I'd watch a carb swap and tune up on that
GM vehicles of that era would at times suffer from hard start concerns due to a failed coolant temperature sensor. One that has failed with a reading of -40 degrees will lead to massive over fueling of the engine. The O2 sensors of the era were slow to warm up enough to provide info to the ECM. The fact that you were able to leave the engine running while chasing down some parts leads me to believe the coolant sensor should be on the list of possible culprits. I hope this helps you. Keep up the good work. By the way, my Dad and Mom owned one of those and it worked well for them. It did have a slight driveline shudder when operating on 6 cylinders at a steady road speed. Other than that, it was very smooth.
Worst engine GM ever came out with. Junk from day 1. My folks had 1 and my brother sill has his. If it was me I would remove this junk engine and replace with a 350.
Is this a partner car to Betty White? Oh, let it be known as Barry White… with appropriate sounds in the stereo! Love it. Yeah, delete on the 6-4 thing. All these issues… damn. Could it be this car suffers from the Y2K issue that we were told would shut down ALL computers? Time for a huge delete, rebuild a 350 and install it with .. maybe a Sniper? You are an inspiration Derek. Thank You
Get it running good enough to send it to Cletus and cars
Maybe a bad ecm
“ mouse rib bone in my teeth “ 😂😂😂😂😂
Ls engine swap would be cool to see in this car
It would have been easier to make that little red van in background run and drive 500 miles home! ;) Greetings from Germany!
Derek!!!!  Someone has stolen a video from u!!!!!!!!  If anybody knows how, let the right people know.  I reported it to y-tube.  I have the link, but don’t wanna post it.
G'day Derek.! i cracked up laughing when you were  engaged in hand to hand combat with the muffler & cat. do you ever say to yourself. I'm getting too old for this shit..!!???? Best wishes from Australia
Man I was hoping this was one with the old's 307!!!! I have a 1988 myself and it would've been great to see him bring one back to life!! THAT video would help me alot! Lol👍🏾💯 Love this channel!!!
Get it running bro.
Wow...7550 comments...I dunno if Derek will even read this... Anyone can do a carb swap or even install a Sniper EFI...My suggestion is to make this existing engine on 8 cylinders using a late 80's/90's GM Throttle Body and its GM ECM I believe it is possible, with a lot of research and work, to get a modern ECM to talk to these Caddy. There would need be the newer sensors swapped in, etc...I really think this is doable. It would be unique content for your channel, not just another carb swap
F me, EVERYTHING was a struggle but you kept going and going. I would’ve burnt it to the ground, but no, you kept going and thanks for 2 hours of laughter (and some anxiety) 👍
Man, I was really rooting for you to get that thing running and driving! Maybe a fella could save the legendary V864!!
Just throw a carb on it. Its a damn good car Just needs a working fuel system
One of the best videos that you made. 😂
If your drop the kick panel  there is a obd2 port there as well as the 2 fuse boxes  I'm sure you knew that but just incase
Give it about go at diagnostics
as a counterman in the eighties i dealt with a lot of techs working on these pos. they hated them back then. so did i. nbt
Very interesting and I admire your persistence. The hub coming off was funny 😆
Wow, just wow. This thing just gave you upper cut after upper cut.. What a mess! You certainly contained yourself (im sure lots edited out haha). Super pissed myself laughing when the drum was done with the car as well!! What an episode. Don't think I've seen you have so many issues, bloody old throttle body injection systems.
Oldsmobile hubcaps
the drum flying off was the greatest thing ever
Derek, first of all welcome to the state of Missouri. I live in a little town a few miles north of their where Harry and Bess Truman wound up, called Independence. Sorry you got tangled up with the 1981 Electrocadilazilla. I think its always scarry when you have "so many sensors" (as you mentioned), you can't find any `freedom of the press.' So impressed with you not calling "uncle" for a good while; I would have been calling for my entire family tree way sooner. Your humor throughout the ordeal is always a genuine inspiration and treat. Thank you so much.
Derek, since its already Efi car, why not install a holley sniper and go home ?
Look, man, I just had surgery, and the muffler had me in tears. Literally...
at least you got some good exhaust pipe, you cooked some mouses in the exhaust
excellent camera work this time around 🤙🏻
Another great episode of VGG! I liked the dedicated camera operator, however a stabilized camera mount would be very nice. I was getting some motion sickness from the movement.
We need a redemption video where it gets a  carb and full throttle action !
Swap the throttle body and injectors from a 81-88 305 Chevy truck or Caprice. The computer would probably work as well, plug and play. We are talking 81 tech....  Also the bowls that the injectors sit in can be removed from the throttle body with two or four screws. You don't have to remove the whole throttle body off the intake and work on everything without leaning over.
Those wire hubcaps are off of an Oldsmobile 98!
sniper mod
I would like to see you get it running in your barn where you can really diagnose and repair/swap properly.  You need a victory lap in that beautiful machine.
I'm like just cut a lil more but also I understand the vendetta
Those look like Olds Hubcaps.
Sorry Derek you couldn’t get it to run. But one of the reasons why I love watching your channel. Even if it doesn’t run. I still find each of these videos informative. With the body not bad looking, is it possible to do a engine swap?
Great video, much better than those other guys 5 minutes, “will it start” videos. Thanks for making it.
First ten seconds and I already know this video is going to be amazing! Watched it, was not disappointed.  At this point though I am  concerned about Dereks lungs. It has such a nice interior and the body is immaculate almost. An engine swap so it can get back on the road would be cool. Nothing big, just a going to town rig and you will easily make our noney back selling it imo.
The brake drum coming off 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣..
My parents bought a used 1981 Fleetwood 4-door in like 1983. I had a V-6 and was very nice car but had lots of problems with the engine/drivetrain. It was very comfortable and I liked the blue over blue leather.
I feel your pain. Believe me. Been there....
Bummer, I was hoping that you got a nice ride  home, you worked so hard for it.
Qjet conversion 😉
Computerized vehicles like a lot of joltage........(opinion based on very little experience)
Plugs on RH side might be accessible by jacking up car ( by the body!), letting the wheel drop down. You may be able to access plugs OVER the wheel.  Maybe even remove the wheel! I had to do this with our 76 Pontiac Grand Prix.
Aa young mech living through 80's working with Old, man I believe that has the worse Heater core removal hr of Maintenace, you have given more time trying to start that than any mechanic in 80's other than a dealer ship.  My pops would have dropped cat, drug it to scrap yard.  nice try but some things should stay in the 8-'s nice try. but they all can't be revived.
Bleep, Bloop, You should have let it keep burning.... After all, It came straight from Hades. Apparently, it wants to return.
Jeez Derek will you some safety glasses when you're grinding on those things !! Please
Injection delete 😊
A half mile per gallon comedy
When that drum came flying off, I lost my shIrt
Rhythm rhyme and poetry ....all in one video ...great
If they ever make a new Star Trek you would make a cool captain
When that brake drum left the building… I lost it 😂😂😂. You can’t plan that s*** man.
Last scene of the video tells it all as there is a burnt hole in the insulation of the hood at the exact spot where the fire starts
I have learned from your show thanks
That wheel coming off was the funniest ever.
Dayton 20 inch deep spokes vice grips forst low rider air bags straight outta compton 1997 or big ugly 26 wheels a retarded moter and race murder nova he beat a lamabo woth his by the way lol
The moon is 200 thousand miles they say
Derek LS swap it 😂
You wouldn’t have a prayer bringing that back to GM in Detroit and have them save that car. This man knows what he’s doing.
How come the trunk wouldn't stay up by itself the trunk lid LOL I just noticed things
The whole premise of this car sounds overly ambitious in a time where the tech just wasn't there yet. Such a shame. Love the look of that caddy.
I really suffered with Derek this time. Admirable man to have this amazing patience to do this kind of work. I would have sold it to the next person halfway thru this video, or just got rid of the engine and LS swapped at a later time..
Apparently working on the car is like an anger management test. Try not to get angry and junk the thing 😂
I noticed those are oldsmobile hubcaps I need for my 1983 olds 98 can we strike a deal on those
I owned an 81 Delta 88  with the same or similar engine...and had that same clicking noise... turned out to be a relay for the TB position sensor going bad.
It runs like my toyota with a bad cold start injecter sencor
Derik...Im seeing a LS swap....
@35:12 Scary...
Fix the factories mistakes and Ls Swap it.
My Grandfather had the identical, white, Coupe De Ville. Bought it new in 1979. It ran and drove like a top. Never a single issue. I drove it to my high school junior and senior prom. Loved that car.
Dalton would have a carb on within 10 minutes so YES !
You proved apolo never went to the moon thanks
“I think I’m supposed to do something, then bwullah” 😂
I had a 1989 3/4 ton chevy truck with tpi issues similar to this. I replaced almost every sensor and vacuum hose and finally found that it was a faulty temperature sensor.
30 minutes in a Derek hates the thing .. good on you for takin this one on.
Put a carburetor on it.
Future note, if you want the EU to discharge faster touch the happy cable to sad cable (once the happy cable is disconnected of course)
Bring it to the future and make it fuel injected the way it shouldve been done
Your E,F,I,Carb Needed REPLACING !🤔😁😜👍...
Luke .... I am your Father 🤣🤣🤣🤣
Rotater cuff failure soon mate , stop hitting stuffs......Ohh , it hurts , ask me, neck pain comes with it too , like , BAD
It’s frustrating when you could have motor swapped it in half the time with half the headaches
The only screw up I saw was Derek put the fire....... out......
A little deleting on all of the cylinder deactivation and broccoli injection would make a great vid! Keep it simple stupid and most importantly, reliable.
Every week Derek goes up another level
As one more thing to check/replace I would suggest the temperature sensor, I suspect that like the Chevrolet TBI it has 2 sensors.  One is for the temp gauge and the other is for the computer to control fuel flow & fast idle. You did about all that was humanly possible to bring this car back from the dead in a short time.
Rip out electronics and go air breather
454 with 871 swap
I wish striped tires would come back. White walls are little too high maintenance, but those white striped tires look sleek and just look right on a car.
Derek’s Caddy Shack. I have nearly 50 years experience having old daily drivers (starting with: 62 Ply slant 6, 64 Olds F-85 330, 66 Ford Galaxy 500 390, etc. all long gone, decades ago .. drive modern stuff now) .. self taught, thx to Chiltons (the old big books). This (as most stuff you take on), is WAY over my head (or way beyond my ambition). But this one takes the cake! Hats off to you .. I don’t know where you get the gumption for this.
“Death test” 😂😂😂😂😂😂
MAP sensor playing havoc.
Carb swap and send her to the demo derby
aclean jeans pocket with a handfull of 3M red earplugs is my go to
This thing is like the terminator man. It's so complicated and fucked up but won't quiet die
With how clean most of that car is I'd like to see if you could find an adaptor plate and get a Holley EFI system in there. Then you could sell it for more or find some other purpose for it.
I vote for the install of a modern EFI system, or a carburettor swap… and a new exhaust. 😅
It appears to be the same tbi or similar the 4.3 S10 had.  Why not swap it over to that setup.  Keep the fuel injection and have something that works.
Get rid of all the unnecessary BS and install a quadrajet and vacuum advance hei
Maybe resetting the computer clears the error codes. Once set, those codes goof everything up. PCMs are extremely robust in their construction; the chances of the computer being "bad" are not great. The computer relies heavily on sensors to tell it how to behave. If the sensors are wonky the computer will act crazy.
I vote drive it off a cliff, I'd it stays running
you have way more patience. then me
Darewreck, ya' gotta remember any oil that's been sitting undisturbed for many years will always go back to it's original golden colar as the particulate that makes it turn black settles to the bottom of the pan. Once it gets hot it will loosen and go right back to black!
try the duster down the street maybe ?
Since you asked me, Derek, I think you forgot to put those metal rings back into the injectors, under the rubber O-rings. Remember those?
Please change the temperature sensor in the 81 Cadillac. A t b I is so simple it makes a carburetor look like alien technology The PCM is not getting a signal from the temperature sensor so the injectors are stunt wide open. That's why it will start after you unhook. The battery and it resets but once it doesn't get the signal, it just sticks wide open.
Honestly! I would of let that fire keep burning! 👍
Hey Derek, just letting you know your videos inspire me everyday and I wish I could sit down with you and just have a chat but sadly I'm In New zealand so bit hard for me. But I appreciate all your videos man
That thing needs to be under a Monster Truck 😂 Call Stallion up and get after it!!!
Could really tell you were not into this one Derek, a one off model is never really good, had to be some problems. I'd take somewhat of a break for the holidays and refresh your sparkalators and spend time with the family. It's been a minute since you've done a live stream/open mail video, maybe that would be the ticket? You're a hard working dude, more power to you!
I say a guy needs to put a carb on it.
That muffler removal was absolutely BRUTAL!
Engine swap?  Chevy small block maybe? much more reliable
Blue walls are better than white walls
Totally awesome video, felt like I was there....
Yep I was wrong. Took me a min to remember the movie. It was Kevin Costner
I wonder if the fuel line routing was wrong and it was delivering fuel through the return side
Wasn't it Mel Gibson in Waterworld?
A guy could have shown the new square body you bought to get the caddy home.
Carb slap and weigh what you rip out!!!!!
Holee molee! That's the best road rescue I've seen yet! The fugitive brake drum was great! But I think you definitely got the Crap Deville! The Caddy from Hell! But it might be cool with a blown big block and a hole in the hood.
Iv had bed temp sensors on tbi cause it to dump to much fuel
I'm guessing having someone to work the camera is MUCH easier than having to tend to the camera and do the work. Great video as always!!!
Once you start bumping into stuff and hurting yourself, that means you're tired and need a break or a full rest lol
Man oh man you have some patience.  I would have torched that thing
I hope Derek bought the gold dart down the street and drove home.
It's almost as if it would have been just as fast if you had taken the engine apart and replaced everything that needed replacing lol
Yeah, it's haunted! There's a ghost in the computer.
Derek made a joke about a funny sequence to get it to start including adjusting the mirror and jiggling the key. I saw a funny video about a new $150,000 electric pickup, that indeed to reset the computer required you to do a bunch of silly things, roll down certain windows in sequence turn the key on for 30 seconds, etc. It was so silly. Another funny thing was they needed to unhook the 12 volt battery but to get to the battery you had to open the hood…..which was electric. Haha. So I agree with Derek, electricals are great….nope.
For a guy who knows what it’s like to be busy all the time it’s frustrating to watch a 3 hour video with no editing. Surprised you’re posting videos like this when the actual content is only 45 mins… I love it don’t get me wrong. But I’m done making a point to watch when you don’t make an effort to edit anything when you’ve got 2  MILLION SUBS.
Quick check of evil bay shows a used two barrel intake for the 81 6.0 . Would have been a lot easier
derek. i dont know how you do it, ida called the yard and told em to bring a flatbed and take it, bravo man, bravo
You mentioned how good the car looked with no rust issues.  I had a '75 911 and a '79 911SC.  The '75 was a rust bucket but the '79 was pristine.  The Porsche dealer told me that about 1977 steel used in cars changed.  They changed the way it was clad which cleared the rust issue considerably.  That's why '80's cars don't generally have huge rust issues like the older cars do.
12 valve swap... duh!
LS swap it, they don't need oil or coolant, mebbe allison trans, or is it wrong to call a transmission a trans now?
I just dealt with almost exactly the same problem on a GM TBI. The fuel pressure regulator is built into the throttlebody and if it gets trash in it, That exact thing will happen. If you let it sit, it will work for a little while until it clogs itself back up. It's infuriating because it absolutely acts like the IAC closing off or something. Meanwhile, the computer keeps seeing it run lean, so it opens up the injectors, which will flood the engine until the garbage in the regulator stops it up again.
Derek, if pictures of the underhood wiring/sensors on a good-running & mostly un-molested engine would help you out I’d be happy to take some for you.  My grandfather taught me to drive in an 81 Deville, when I was 6. At 104,000 miles the v8/6/4 function was still hanging in there, and finally quit within about a year of him passing in 2012. I’ve still got the car tucked away in his garage 😊.
How does Oreilly not have a lift for this guy
I think you have a lot more content with the Caddy so please don't get rid of it just yet. What I would love to see is it running with a junk yard rebuild engine. Grab anything out of junkyard be it a Hemi or LS or whatever. Grab some of the shelf go fast bits and shove it in the Caddy and give it a second life. That would be super cool.
Carb swap!
ROTFLMAO!  "We have a failure to communicate!"
Map sensor, is the main load sensor. Love you D
I got an 83 coupe ripped that 4.1l boat anchor motor out and put in a 305. Those motors came with 135hp.
Did you get a dedicated camera guy? Or gal, i guess, but i swear i heard the camera guy laugh... Great video!
I used sheet metal on tail light fin pieces where plastic was blown out !😜👍...
Out of breath watching you remove the cat and muffler😅  And, those are OLDSMOBILE knockoff hubcaps. Really??
Put a Hemi in it like you did the Hemi 1/2 ton.
I owned several of these,couple DeVille,Eldorados,Fleetwood's,etc,Never had a problem with mine,same computer ran system !😁👍...
Definitely needs a carb and put that computer in the bin
She’s a beauty, beautiful Barbara. 😊
Was the cameraman prepared for Derek's mannerisms and antics? He held his composure well.
The 80s made many mechanics heavy drinkers
Once again Derek delivers another home run! Don’t matter that the car didn’t make all the way around the bases….what counts is that Derek’s attitude and his never give up rubs off on the viewers! Makes me a lot less frustrated when I’m working on my own junk and want to bring the tannerite….to just keep it cool and let it set for another day.
Being straight piped it’s probably also throwing off your o2 sensor reading.
LQ9/4L80E swap complete with the Escalade engine covers. The car is beautiful- it deserves better than engine!
🇺🇸🦅🏁  I knew it was over when the brake drum left the building. lol. To be honest the early TBI was junk, but the V8-6-4 was a nightmare for any tech. Even the ones who was trained on it. The body and interior is half way good. I would pull at engine out then find a old bread truck and get a Cummins 4BT. Guys put them in Jeeps so I know you have the room. Advanced Adapter makes a adapter to fit a 400 turbo. With the right tune you could get 30-40 plus mpg. Add a trailer hitch and pull a Bass Boat. It would make great content. I believe Cummins makes a 4cyl crate motor kit now. I bet they would love to work with a channel this size, you may get a smokin deal on their crate kit. Has ECU and everything you need to make it work but exhaust. Seriously, a low mile, good body 1981 Diesel Cadillac would be a real head turner. Great going to town rig for the family. Great travel vehicle with the fuel mileage. My buddy put a 4BT in a C10 and it was turned up, alot. And he still got mid 30’s mpg..🇺🇸🦅   Love the new camera guy, long overdue for the channel. You needed help. 🇺🇸
I just turned over 300,000 miles on my 2001 ford taurus today.  :)   From watching Mr. Vice Grip I have learned a few great lessons.  A I can do it (fixes) and "B" most important don't ever get all pissed off and bent out of shape when crap goes wrong!!!  It is just a car.   He has the most patience and humor of bad situations than I can ever remember seeing.   Thank you for the great video!!!!!!
Derek ! Computer cars will not really run without the alternator ramps up the voltage to 13.8-14 volts dude
Derek, it’ll be fun to watch you turn back the clock on this thing, go old school, rip all the dogicals out, throw a regular fuel make it happener on that thing and burn some rubber. Just a suggestion…
WOW what a rag!!!!GMs 1980s over bullshit plumbing..
Betty White is just shakin her head, wtf GM
Time to relax with a cold snack and finish this here movie up. Great car btw, after an engine swap lol
Not only was this engine terribly engineered, it also was laughable in the power department. I get it that it was 1981, but 140hp and 265 ft lb of torque out of a 6 liter with fuel injection? The 350 with a 4 barrel carb from that model year made 190hp and 280 ft lb. This thing needs an engine swap, literally anything is better than what it's got.
Nearly spit my drink out when the drum exited stage right!
When I saw you going back and forth with that muffler I thought to my self what did life show you to become a maniac 😂
I like it better when you film yourself and you are YELLING at the camera.  You seemed to be, to reserved during this video.   I'm a big VGG fan.  Do not change what made you such a success.
Rip the digitals out carb swap it and doll it up looks like a real goin to town rig
Grandparents had a 77 Coupe DeVille w/425cid that they had parked up in the late 80s/early 90s.  My brother and I would stay with them over the weekends, get up early before them, roll the caddy out the garage and go do one-leggers all down the country roads or take it in the back field doing donuts and generally having a great time.  Was a great car.  My brother eventually got ownership and traded it to some friends in highschool.
sell it its a POS
My kind regards to the mystery camera operator!!
Excellent video Derek 👍👍
Demo ranch +Tannerite = next episode
Had an 87 caprice classic as a kid and hoses went everywhere. It was a mess to work on. But would love to see the caddy run. I got rid of my caprice and have hate my decision ever since because they are hard to come by. Good luck!
I call David Friberger because he got some Cadillac 500 CU engines and I yard out the boat anker out that  POS and put in a Cad 500 or a Buick 455 Put some big tires on it make into donkdonk
I think that I'll stick to my one barrel fuel-make-it-happener in my 235 ci Chevrolet...
Thats one tuff engine pipe Derek
Engine swap it!
reminded me of my grandpa's 84 sedan Deville had the exact same interior only leather though
Took me a minute but I just realized this video is different because you have a dedicated camera man. I gotta say, all your other videos with stable camera pictures are way better.
I had to learn the hard way and had to rebuild the tbi on my suburban twice in a row. When the directions say to lube the injector O rings and you don't you end up with a massive fuel leak and you have to buy another kit because you can't buy just the O rings.
Take it to the Desperado and have at it
Love to see a carb swap. Would be funny to see it run amazing on a carburetor.
Side post suck.. should make a t-shirt man, it would sell....
I hate that car! But I loved the break drum rolling across the shop. I say swap in a ford/mopar/hemi/diesel/LS.🤷🏻‍♂️
My favorite comment  "oh my goodness ...HOLD MY COLD SNACK!!!"
The TBI system is 110% POS chevy worst product they have ever made
Well ........at least it ran a little before you worked on it lol  subscribed!
The lower injector seals MUST be installed into the grooves on the throttle body, NOT on the injector pilots as you did! Fuel is bypassing the injectors and going right down the venturi! That o-ring seals fuel around the injector to feed it. Placing the o-ring around the pilot WILL CAUSE fuel to leak past the injector and cause the flooding condition you are having.
I’ve used a plywood spacer before. Got me home.
I've been down this road before. With these tbi. It can literally be as simple as putting the o ring on the Injector wrong. 87 s10 2.5. Everytime I turned the key it would just dump fuel non stop. Turns out after fighting for a week or so the o ring wasn't seated properly. After fixed the o ring ran fine. Tbi is a pain
I am no stranger to Derek's longer videos, but these ads are getting way too damn out of control in both length and frequency.
LS Swap?
I bet it was nice having a camera man for this one.
I honestly really enjoyed that this one wasn’t a success while you are a great mechanic this just proves how real it is and the reality of it with these old cars. I would LOVE to see you do some research and get this car running with this motor that’s in it. We know it can be ls or other v8 swapped but save that for later down the line I’d love to see it get running on this set up
In a long enuf timeline............. Everything gets a LS
Props to O'Reilly for giving Derek a clean place to work, for once.
Gm has always had problems with displacement on demand just a bad idea
A carb swap would be really cool too see , not as cool as watching that brake drum fly off , had too pause the video and wipe my eyes , can’t give up , you can make it drive !!! 👍👍
I’ve watched this channel a lot and I think this was the best episode I’ve seen, Derek tried and tried but in the end you can’t overcome a poorly engineered piece of crap. GM has had so many dependable motors you have to wonder why they would produce such crap🥲
That was THE WORST thing Cadillac ever did!
Man some water probly got into some grounds and sensors and fuckered that thing right up.
A bad computer is always possible. However, I think those things rely on the MAP sensor like modern GM's rely on the MAF sensor. Might be worth diagnosing a MAP sensor.
I say carb swap!
I have had this issue in the past Coolant temp sensor was bad it was telling the computer it was negative 30 something degrees so it would dump fuel thinking it needed it to run. Swap that sensor and it will probably run fine.
The whole time I was like try it one one injector lol.
Really wants me to buy a Cadillac  -  not! Man seeing you fighting with that muffler and breathing that dust, don't hurt yourself over this. That fuel injector is just a nightmare.
For some reason I really want to spend some time on that car. Troubleshooting all of the electronics and trying to get it to work properly (minus the cylinder deactivation)
Once again, Derek has the patience of a Saint.  Most people would have sent it to the crusher when it appeared to be jinxed.  The brake drum taking off was hilarious! If I recall correctly, these early systems didn't have many sensors.  The primary ones were throttle position, manifold pressure, and coolant temp.  The O2 sensor was just a mixture trim that didn't get used until the engine warmed up.  There had to be something wrong with the fuel system though.  The injectors shouldn't dump any fuel until it starts cranking.  Not sure if there was a port for a scan tool on something this old but that is the easiest way to check the readings on the primary sensors.  The OBD I systems on GM would also flash codes at you on the check engine light if you jumped a couple pins on the connector.  Crude but better than nothing.   Camera man did a good job keeping out of the way and capturing the action.
My hat's off to you for giving it your best shot. I know from experience how difficult it is working with old computer controlled ignition systems that have all kinds of sensors feeding electronic signals to it. I drove an 1988 Corvette for 18 years. For the first few years I fought gremlins throughout the circuit. But then I drove it all over the country and never got left stranded on the side of the road or even a check engine light. I would gut that entire engine compartment and install an old trusty 350 crate motor with a 650 4-barrel on it. Thanks for doing what you do and sharing your experiences with us.
I’m a gm guy but I always preferred the early ford injection system. A lot closer to modern stuff
Derek, find an old 500ci Cadillac engine and swap that sucker in there! (with a real carb)
Only thing that Cadillac was doing was testing your patience, and I think you did so good on it, but some of them will get you😵‍💫🥴🥺
Guy should swap a 405 into it then proceed to supercharge it.
Before you do anything with it see if you can get some new injectors or a whole different tbi unit and put on it. Maybe it’s the injectors sticking open sometimes and not sticking open other times. You can’t let this thing beat you lol.
Turn this into a sweet drag and drive car!!!
I admire your patience. At any time I was expecting a "nope" and having a sniper kit magically appear
Your jokes dont land the same with the camera person there
I know it's way too late to re-name the tbi.  But taco bell indigestion,  I know it's my joke but😂
Never hated a car I have never worked on so much! Way to hang in there man!
The body and interior are so nice, I'd just pull the motor and replace it with an earlier Caddy 500 or 425 or an Olds 455 and call it a day.
I know you said you were going to check the fuses but curious if you did. I  worked on a different car back in 1986 that would dump fuel if a fuse was blown.  Best of luck on that one.  Great show as always
Getting you a Camera Gimble for Christmas
That low mileage car deserves an 8.1L vortex motor swap!
We inherited one of those "3-5-7" Cadillacs, in better condition that that one.  It was sold to the first person who wouldn't charge us to haul it off. If you just have to have it, my suggestion is find a 1990's Caprice Classic police drivetrain and swap it.  As for the Caddy engine, does your fishing boat need an anchor?
I was thinking of a carb swap as soon as you started messing with the injectors. Thanks for trying,  you are brilliant and hilarious.
Huh, the TBI seems way more simple than I thought. Each injector has it's own "bowl" of fuel it sits in. The diaphragm is the bowl stop filling control thing. Then a pulse of 12V makes the solenoid fire, allowing the pressurized fuel out. Do I have that right? Who knows, but it certainly sounds right and it's really not too different from a carb. Just uses electricity to allow fuel under pressure at the right time instead of air flow/venturi.  Also, that same IAC thing is on my 91. They are annoying to deal with, as even the "factory set" instructions don't help. Took me about 4 hours to get that in a position the car was happy with.
I like you having a camera crew with you. when you get home and after a few cold snacks, pull the motor and install the good old LS
Holy crap I’m so impressed with your patience!!!  I would have lost my shit 1,000 times!  Scrap the motor and turn it into a demo derby car or burnout monster.
I am dying laughing dude I fell on my bed lap is so hard only red green can see you now
Alternator runs your electronic parts
I'm not sure but I think you said the coolant sensor connector was corroded.  High resistance  = low temp.  Low resistance = high temp.  If you unhooked it the computer thinks it's driving around  in Antarctica.  Making it dump gas.
Tow it home and be done with it
Oh crap I totally forgot you ran the old gas through that was in the lines that’s oroblay why the injectors are fried lol
great watching. just wondering how good the extraction is in that workshop
A bad temp sensor will cause it to flood it with fuel.
This video was different to watch since you had someone filming l, instead of just you and the camera.
This has got to be one of the Tuffer ones you've done lately. Look at the gooder side,  at least you're not outside in the weather like usual.  P S  might have been easier and faster to do a Holley Sniper swap.
U forgot the pressure regulator washer
EV conversion.
Great video but ads every 2 minutes is too much!
It’s a nice car aside from the engine.  I think it’s LS swap time.
...hey Thanks for messing with my favorite all wrong time period!!! Cadillac and BMW are just a favorite.... ....Help !!! ...great cars !!!
The map sensors on these were total junk also I forgot to add that. Do the right thing and fix it correctly also known as ripping the garbage out and carb swapping it.
Just put a 425ci in it….
Also, can’t help but wonder since the catalytic converter is gone and there’s no muffler, could it be a (lack of) back pressure issue? Or is that only in diesels?
Derek, every single time I’ve had an issue with an IAC on a Chevy it was a different sensor actually causing the problem. It was always the tps or the MAF. Every time. Obviously that caddylack doesn’t have a MAF but it probably has a map sensor and you know it has a tps.
When I was a kid (16-17) in the early-mid 80s, my folks had one of those. I never personally had/got to work on it but I remember it having to go to the Cadillac dealer constantly. All the time. Every week or two. A lot. And every time it was the same story: “ The “brain” is bad (their descriptor) and has to have another new one. It was a POS when we got it and a POS when it left. But it was pretty and looked impressive 🤨.
Derek, I have been there so many times trying to fix old stuff. When your the one who has to get it done. The only option is to stick to it and figure it out.  I love your show.
Needs new engine
Derek, nice job on the Caddy.  That had to be really frustrating.  I feel for you!
Perfect candidate for a ls swap.
I love your stuff it’s always great! One question though and by all means I know very little… why not try new injectors since you thought maybe the screwdriver may have damaged them? Thanks again for all the great videos!
Curious if Derek ever walked away from reviving a car?🤨
I really don't like these swaps, but LS it.  Get rid of the 8-6-4 and just drop an 6.0 LS in it.
Fun fact: a solenoid is only called a sillynoid after twelve beers and a dad joke.
Man I don’t know how a guy has the patience for this. It’s garbage. I’d rather run a badly hacked together carb on that thing that fight with tbi. Those injectors are fried
You ok 💯
I would wanna watch a carb swap sir
I voté for putting a carb in it and removing the computer control.. if you can figure out how to get the computer disconnected 😮
I had same issues with my mom's 84 celebrity wagon. Ended up being coolant temp sensor got unplugged an it was trying to start at -32*
I think the reason it didn’t want to run is because it had Oldsmobile hubcaps on a Cadillac. It was like, I am not moving an inch until you get those lowly hubcaps off of me 😂😂
that one was painful Derek. I was hoping you was going to put it to the floor and blow it.
Hearing the camera man giggle was awesome. I know it was probably a little weird but i like both formats.
Where are your safety glasses 🤓🤓🤓🤓🤓🤓
Back in 1980 when this computer system was being develop it was known as the Hal 9000 unit. Good morning Dave.
Manifold Air Pressure sensor (MAP) or coolant temp sensor. Both are dirt cheap and readily available as both were used on zillions of GM engines.  I had an iron duke in a Pontiac 6000 with a single TBI set up.  Insanely reliable setup - put over 400K miles on it before I donated it to be a field car (engine still ran like new).  At one point I had a bad MAP sensor in my ZR-1.  Pulled the unit of the 6000 - LT5 then ran like new again!  Bought a new MAP sensor for $15 and all was well again.  Good luck!
Gut that motor and computer.. Also,  don't say something is frozen...that's for cold use.
Beautiful car, just needs the engine ripped out and the wiring re done. Noice daily
GM quit building Cadillacs in 1957
"Ran when parked" 😅😅😅
I have never laughed so hard at anything so far as much as I did watching you tear into this Caddy. Because this is exactly something I would do!  But when you realized you had the starter wired wrong that was best! Because I’ve done that! Like watching myself working on cars. Keep up the great work and content. 👍🏻
Get it home and LS swap it! Put a 6 or 6.2 with a 4L80 in it. Car is in great shape so why not.
So what would you rather find, mouse turds or tbi's??
My personal opinion have the car towed to a junkyard and just say goodbye to it and walk away
That's an awesome car lol
Your a Good Teacher 💯👍🍻🍻🍻🍻🍻🍻🍻🍻🥃🥃🥃🥃🥃🥃
I like the old format of filming yourself from a tripod better. The camera guy needs an image stabilizer
I would love to see a carb swap and the "Demen Caddy" or a Feller could engine swap it.
I can feel the hantivirous from here. I'm in Maine. I've muffler deleted like that in a driveway, in the winter, with a Dremel. Very satisfying. Hope you have up to date tetunus shots.
1:38:09 "AFR ratio" That's just like saying "VIN number" or "ATM machine"....
Pull the junk caddy engine and replace with a used LS. Good body and interior for a two door caddy. Would make a nice cruiser with decent power train.
why, do you still do things on jack stands?
Can aguy just slow down a bit? Help me understand...I am on Motortrend watching you and now you're here on YT..I can't believe it, but I guess I gotta. Cuz you're right there..let up on puttin' the onions to the videos.  Have a Merry Christmas. I hope I get the Duster.
When I was a kid my family drove around in a 1980 Sedan de Ville DIESEL.   What was worse, the 4 6 8 or the Diesel?
Now way I would screw with all that BS! Nice attempt. LS is the only option.
Derek just pull out the carb and and computer and go old school in the 80’s efi sucked go old school yes
You could go see your uncle Boss hog in Hazzard county😂😂😂 and you need to put some horns on the front of that car
After watching this, makes me not want to buy a current-year Cadillac.
2:03:08 drumroll please!
Tannerite!!!
Derek Where's the pads Between the Straps and Tank ???
I've never seen you struggle one this bad before
Carb swap! Please!
Every one of your videos is a million views or more. I get why you do this, it's genius. The content makes for great videos, and people sit riveted to their seats for hours.   But I have to say, if it wasn't for the YouTube money, I would call you a masochist.
Carb it and make it a full time 8 banger. It has a lot of life left. Wasting time to try to analyze a system that is obsolete and did not work in the first place.
If ever there was a candidate to help stuff the Marianna Trench so it is more manageably shallow, that engine is it.
I know that sucked for you... but we have all been there.  Tbi is a nightmare. Still a great video as always.  Don't let it get you down. 👍
easy for me to say,     do a carb swap????  id really like to see it on. the road!!!!
Derek, I loved the brake drum rolling. That was epic. And your patience when it wouldn't run was awesome. I would have been throwing tools across the room. lol If it was me I'd dump that injection intake and put a fuel make it happener intake on it and call it a day. Or LS swap it.
Yep I'm 80s for good to know how to mess things up with all them ddoads lmao
Your frustration with the Cadillac made me smile, as it was all too familiar for me. I went through a PITA series of events over the past year, as I re-built the 350 in my Nova. Lesson learned, do not re-use old parts in a new build.  My advice for the Cadillac, trailer it home either light fire to it in the back 40, OR..... dedicate it to a 6 liter LS swap. It would be a really nice ride, after changing out the driveline.
See if you can get Holley to sponcer a conversion to a sniper 2. If that's even possible .cheers.
Might wana work on that beer belly a little bit before you get stuck...  Im kidding man, im about to open a "cold snack" right now. lol
might need to do some adjustment on that drinker's side rear brake!!  Just sayin...  world according to Bruce...don't mean crap.  Stick a flow-master on it before you pop smoke and head home!
GOD BLESS YOU 💯🥰
Put a carb on it
oh my god the face at 2:02:24 I think we've all been there. I was laughing so hard.
I guess I didn’t realize you use a cameraman, but you must because I’m looking right at it 😂. Great video, got a good laugh out of the drum going across the shop. Merry Christmas
@vicegripgarage This is crazy to me, I’ve done everything you just did over and over for 5 years to my tbi. I gave up and it’s on its 5th mechanic now lol respect to ya Derek!
Loved the traveling brake drum !!  This was in my humble opinion one of thee worst Cadillac engines ever made !! I'm 60 now so I've seen a few things , LOL !  Rip that boat anchor out and put a 350 or 400 in if it will fit ...Great video as always Derick , keep em coming !! ...
It good to see a fella fail once in a while, reminds us this isn’t easy. I got several good chuckles on this one reminds me of myself working on anything.
Sounded like it was eating chips! 😂 great video as always. Been here since the beginning. Ain’t goin nowhere
lol. My dad had a 4 door Cadillac around that year.. funny, he had a tree run out in front of him on the way home from the tavern one night…
Can you not hook up a scan tool / DRB (2) to see what the check engine light is doing?
temp sensor mr Derek... it doesnt know the correct temp of the engine on open loop  when your starting it...
Carb swap make it run and drive 500 miles 🎉
That fight with the muffler needs to main event WrestleMania
Carb swap
MOSES SANDLES!!  That was a long one!..... 2hrs and 20 minutes of VGG is just what a guy needs. That brake drum had me LOLing.... Keep up the great work.!
Trash the border in the eighty one caddy and replace the whole thing
You looked  so frustrated by the end of this video.  Too bad you didn't get to drive it.
I would live to see a holly on that then drag stip it!!!
Hey if they are going to charge you 50k for a Cadillac the engineers figured we better put on a good muffler.
😂 sweet, I've been yelling at the screen saying put a lug nut on those drums and wheeze! Off comes the drum.😂😂😂
just put a carb on it and go
Hardest I've laughed in months @1:05:00 😂
I liked the tannerite idea . Go Mythbusters on it
That car was in a flood or ended up in the drink somehow
😂GM TBI follies are fun.  Fuel pressure regulator diagram go in okay? I always removed everything and FI Connection is my go to place for rebuilding and calibration.  O really does not have a reman until on a shelf?
You do realize there was a muffler clamp right there right?   It was a camera moment watching you fight with the muffler though...   Why do I think you're going to pull the engine out and all the stupid 1 year computer nonsense out and toss it all in favor of a carb setup?  Ok, get it home and carb swap it.   Show us that.
muffler removal scene was the perfect example of its late and I'm to exhaust to get up again and cut more so ill just work twice as hard to stay laying down hahahaha
they made a pile of crap that year of caddy
Those stupid seat gears are why an old buick electra wagon got a bucket seat with custom brackets.
When i said that they are a nightmare....I really ment it. I feel the aggravation.
Why did you put out the fire?
What a hateful old car.
There's a creeper on the wall
I own and have owned a bunch of these 81’s. I swap them all to Fitech EFI.
Sell this pig and get another pre 1970s Buick something with a big v8. Thanks for the 2 plus hour video!!!
Film crew? Is this unused footage from the TV show? Totally different feel when the camera is moving and zooming
Carburettor + NOS and send it
Thank you for giving us this content because the junk you deal with I would’ve thrown in the gloves and called the junk guy.
Mid way thru the video and that's how I'm doing on a 1993 chevrolet s10 with a no start grudge.
Well it’s obvious Derek is not a Cat thief. 😂😂😂😂
Put some seal swell in the trans and try to run the engine long enough to get the trans fluid warmed up then it might engage.  I've NEVER seen a T400 not do anything like that one except when the internal seals got hardened over time.  You have too much into it to stop now.   And get a chip to turn off those stupid actuators.
Everyone of the 81 Caddy’s I remember from back in the day would get engine swap. I’ve seen sbc,Olds,Buick,Pontiac and just about every engine in between.
Do you ever tell the camera guy or yourself to turn the camera off and then have a complete melt down? I think everyone that works on cars loses it once in awhile…
I would have already lost my cool but Derick never did
If possible, how bout aftermarket EFI?
Man, you are on a string of bad luck lately; second vehicle in a row that didn't make it back. But it's not your fault---obviously sitting had done a lot of harm to this car. I would carb-swap it
I would give a left appendage to see one of these with under 50,000 miles go in for warranty work and she the present service fellows or fellets try and work on it 🤣
I vote to carb it
Iron duke 4 clanger
Let's do a carb swap, and distributor, then you'll be good to go...
I was frustrated for him  there's one guy somewhere in backyard they call him the caddyman find him he will give you the wisdom nea patients to mess with it  really tho part it out
Derek must have a carbon monoxide immunity.   I'd be dead with those kinda of fumes in a shop
last great cadillac chassis, transmission and BB engine, just crippled by electronics. 472/500 swap would correct that
It might very well be the computer, they all suffer from dementia (most computers will forget what is in their memory within 50 years, the error is called "bit rot" and how long the memory will survive is "data retention") Also computers are affected by certain forms of radiation, even the little bit that is present everywhere. It can override certain bits in memory creating values that aren't supposed to be there, depending on the capabilities of the computer the value can be 2x larger or smaller. The value difference is likely less than that, but can also be much greater (eg. 16x).
sell it
What a pile of junk lol good video though
Thanks for not losing your cool. Enjoy your videos.
Derek, kudos to you for even attempting this revival… as always, you are very entertaining, pull out the junk and drop in an LS and make it into a reliable going to town rig!
2 door caddy, would make a great derby car!
Why don't you open the garage so your not asphyxiating yourself with the carbon monoxide that's so dangerous
LS swap time
I suggest a SBC,HEI and a small Holley. Just saying.
Next on VGG…Derek buys a 1980 Olds Toronado…diesel flavored.  More VGGSM.  Nice try!  I think this one deserves to be a Cadillac Car-b-q.
Just stick a carb on it and call it a day
That looked like a milwaukee angle grinder, but it had a blue battery? Anyone know what kind?
That was an OUTSTANDING effort!! I think a guys idea of Tannerite might have been a good one. Mad respect Sir.
Welp, that’s one for the bear, as in, sometimes ya gets the bear and sometimes he, the bear, gets you. That’s only the 2nd time a feller has seen Derek get beat.  I think that heap’s only hope is a fuel-make-it-happener or the junk yard crushing machine.
What a mess of an engine, but a valiant effort!! Always fun to watch Derek
We have all been at that level of frustration. Sorry young man.
Cadillac jake brake super tweaking the phelobious mobilator
I would rip that one outta there and swap in a 472! Nice enough car! My Grandparents had a 81 Fleetwood with that 4-6-8 in it and had nothing but problems with it. They to had to get a new brain for it once.
Love your videos. I do hope we get a follow up with the car running. It looks like a nice car. It would be great to see what ended up being wrong with it. Thanks for all your hard work and sharing these videos ❤
You should not have put the fire out
The car is begging for a engine swap.  Do away with all the old computer and put something more modern and less complex in it.  Really nice body and interior (besides the bumper fillers).
Holley swap this thing and call it a day. It’d make a nice driver with a terminator.
Hate to say it, but you getting more and more irritated is SO familiar to me-- I felt like I was watching myself. Not doing auto type work, but almost anything. This was long and I held out hope-- but that last try when it caught fire real good was a hoot. Get that ramp truck up there. It's a beauty otherwise-- needs some help-- sure! I'm ready to watch more!
Toss a Holley 2 barrel on it and call it a day Derek. Mad respect for messing with this stupid thing but, a carb is the way to go on it.
The ignition control module on the distributor seems to be the issue causing the injector pulse to occur for more than the allotted few seconds on key forward prime.
Ship it to China so they can recycle it and send it back as thousands of gadgets that no one wants !  TIMBO
I saw you got safety glasses, why aren't you using em?
That was almost a win for the muffler
The brake drum flight !!!!! Had me spitting water 😂 keep up the great videos Derek!!!!
Hilarious video! I think since the car itself is in such good shape it might be a good candidate for a motor swap?! The brake drum flying off was the most hilarious thing Ive ever seen in a video, I laughed till I cried!!!
FatAzFieldRat: This hood liner will go great in the muffler.
My grandfather had a 78 4 door in silver with red… traded it in 81 for an identical 4/6/8. Traded it back a month later for the 78. That 78 was a sweet ride with that 425. I put a lot of miles on that running him around the country when he decided it was better to let a grandson drive when he turned 80.
2:05:29
The laugh from behind the camera when he said “this looks like Shreks wedding ring. Was hilarious
I would like to see you swap to a carb
Gotta get her going Derek
Just do the right thing and drop a ls in in it 😂
Anybody else notice he was tightening the oil filter that wouldn't come off? So relatable. We've all done that.
Had same car deleted the 4-6 put a carb on it did some wire deletions with help from uncle and it ran to 320,000 miles with no issues untill it died on own and sold it as parts it was a great car!!!!
Looks like we have another motor swap car 😁 this car is beautiful ztill
20 minutes in I just realized there’s a camera man!
Derek you Don't look like your having any fun Doing that
One injector is choke and the other is run? That how it was on my 85 Isuzu PuP.
A New motor looks good to me
This same thing happened to me and a 1984 Sunbird - before the internet - TBI was new fangled - thing would either spray fuel, or sometimes run perfect.  So many parts later and then just by chance found it was a loose connection to the temp sensor - Depending how I wiggled the wire it switched between full  spray or perfect tune.
I would have called Scotty he has all the answers 😂 I remember when those came out, never heard anything good ⚡️
Yes most definitely a carb swap
If you thought this tbi garbage was fun to rebuild, try a crossfire Corvette/ fbody...
I want to see it rolled down a hill, lol! Fella I was frustrated for you
You had me laughing twice on this one. 1.  Whiter than a Celine Dion concert and 2.  Muffler wrestling.
I just laughed when that rear drum came off!!
you should've ignored that carb fire at the end of the vid and just let nature take its course!
I'd pull the new tires and to the crusher, old caddy just ain't worth it
Wow!  This was still a great revival even though it didn’t get out of the garage. Thanks Derek.  It’s the ones like this that makes the others so satisfying.
The first fuel injection system was on the 1947 tucker....
Here’s my opinion. This system didn’t work when it was new much less when it’s 40 years old and parts are all but obsolete. Pull all that out and put a 6.0 with Holley efi and a 4l80 behind it and make a Power Tour cruiser out of it.
The reason they continued in the Limos is because the JUNK that replaced them had NO POWER.
Most of them had the chip replaced under warranty rendering it a plain old 6 liter.  SO OVER-HYPED.
That Caddy needs a 427 SBC with a mild supercharger.
Those V-8-6-4 engines were much maligned.  BUT I was a Cadillac mechanic for about 6 years during that era and  in REALITY those were the BEST engines they ever manufactured.
Gerry-rig is racist to Germans~ Nazi-rig would be better.
These systems are a lot simpler than you could imagine. The TBI units only really need three essentials to run:  The MAP sensor The Throttle position sensor The Temperature sensor  These are speed density systems. Meaning the fuel mixture is based off the rpm of the engine. The computer references load values (map sensor reading) engine speed (crank position sensor) temperature, and throttle angle to provide the engine with a preprogrammed fuel charge. The oxygen sensor is in place to simply fine tune the fuel mixture further.  All of these systems start in what is called open loop. This means the engine is cold, and the ECU ignores the oxygen sensor readings until a certain temperature is reached. Once the engine reaches near operating temp, the system enters closed loop, and the computer begins to accept inputs from the oxygen sensor to provide a more precise fuel charge.  The way this car was flooding out, and its inability to idle, plus also setting a check engine light, I would focus on the MAP sensor operation and the temp sensor as well. Erroneous readings here can really screw up the fuel mixture.  Also, GM TBI units require a solid 13 PSI fuel pressure to operate and the return back to the tank needs to be smooth and clear of obstructions.  Would love to see this thing get wrinkled out because with the stupid 8-6-4 deactivated, these engines are actually as reliable as any small block.
You need the guy from south main auto ! He is the electrical wizard of the car internet shows. His name is Eric sort of like Derek
Whiter than a Celine Dion concert 🤣🤣🤣
My uncle had one that he kept in mint condition.  About 10 years ago he asked me if it was valuable.  He wasn’t happy with the two minute internet search.  He sure kept it nice though.
“Whiter than a Celine Dion concert”. Epic.
Probably my favorite episode yet. You did a great job of seat of the pants diagnosis. Not once did I see you look at a YouTube video on the problem of the moment for tips. Imagine what today’s cars are gonna be like to get back on the road in 50 years, if not just 10.
Can't win them all, but you gave it your all. I'm sure you will figure a solution, it's a nice car otherwise.
Demo derby bound after a cheap carb swap
junk it
My guess is you pushed some crap through the fuel line and plugged the pintle in the injector so it can not close.
My first mechanic who was a Olds master mechanic from 66 to 90 then opened his own shop wouldn't touch two domestic cars. The Diesel Olds, and the Caddy 8-6-4-0. He would say it was like fixing a British car with german levels of complexity and American levels of it's good enough.
Pull the motor and replace with a NA Motor.  Its a really clean car.
RIP ears every time you used the impact LOL.
Back in the late 90s I had a 80 dueled exhaust with glass packs with craiger ss
I would definitely delete on that fuel injection BS and computer go back to the old school.
Nice try man. U gave your all. Sell that dam thing !!
Gotta hand it to you Derek, you don't give up very easy. I believe that being such a nice car yet it would be worth installing a carb and disable that stupid 8-6-4 junk.
Wow, my sympathies on this one Derek.......what a fighter.  Great show.
Correct name of video, “why I will never buy a GM product again”
Well your patience is amazing as at 63 I would have probably taken a flame thrower to that P.O.S - This may have been the most difficult overall challenge I have seen in the years of watching the show. And to suggest that perhaps a coolant temp sensor could have been the culprit of your inability to get the car to go as far as the drum is a testament to your comments of "Once OB1 Kenobe DC doodad show up I am out". This sewer pickle of a car is an example of that. 65k miles and a pure mess. I think this car is a perfect candidate for one of those Cleetus events where you pull around another car in a race. This of course is the car that you pull :-)
sorry this    piece  of    crap did not work for you man ,dam .
I hope that gas was from one of our many fine Kum and Go's lol
Now we know why Cadillac discontinued that engine.
lol if it was me working on this Cadillac tools would have been flying all over the place……good job keeping your sanity 😅😅😅😅
Boy, I really felt for you in this episode! It was still enjoyable to watch and that car looks like it would be really nice if you could get rid of that injection system. The brake drum leaving was hilarious!
I'm barely 16 minutes into it and I'm thinking, nope, nope, nope and nope. What aisle does O'Reilly's keep the standard SBC or LS swap kits on?
I’d like to see a carb swap
Can you put a fuel filter on a return line in order to keep from sending junk to the new tank?
Let’s do a carb swap
Wow that was a crazy one. A Lemon for sure. Body Seems fine, take it home and do a whole engine swap. Put in a Shiny new Motor in it. It can become the new independence.
Coolant temp sensor
LS swap for luxury over potency?
My dad had an 81 Seville with that 8,6,4 motor strangely enough the transmission was the problem with that car.
Cadillacs just run better when you bath them in fuel
That is awesome I live just north of Springfield MO it is cool that they had you come an do this your videos are amazing I hope one day to get to get an older car or truck to do myself thank you for keeping the dreams of the older cars alive
Different motor and intake would have been a great car, good try.
Not if, but WHEN you install a carburetor...you can connect the valve solenoids to a switch on the dash to activate 4 cylinder mode once you are at highway speed. Maybe you can rig it to activate once the car shifts into overdrive. There is a demonstration of a guy switching it back and fourth from 8 to 4 cylinders with this engine in a 59 Buick, his channel is Ray Soto. 4 cylinder mode sounds like a tractor. I heard 6 cylinder mode sucks and it runs rough.
i loved when you were fighting it and the drum flew off and rolled outside, then you just laughed your ass off. Anyone whos worked on enough cars and you have a car that doesnt want to be fixed (or any nissan) has been there.
I had this car brand spanking and after two months on the highway going 75 it started 4 6 8 4 8 6 and so on. I floored it and after an hour I drove it to the dealer and it exploded..yes I got my money back!
It is possible to yank out the  computer and intake and put  a normal intake and carb and points on it.
I believe we call this ride the Demo caddy deluxe
My dad had an early 80s Eldorado Biarritz with this same engine. It was a beautiful car. He was an electrical engineer. I remember him review wiring diagrams of the systems of this car to maintain things. There were also diagnostics that could be done through the radio when put in a special mode.
Oof. Yeah, sell that boat.
This brings back memories. My first car at 16 back in the mid 90`s was a 1981 Cadillac sedan de ville.
Could do a raffle with the car??
That was one of the worst motor that They made that year. But there's a way to shut that off. And I believe you have to use another computer from a later year. 2:03:18
As an owner of a similar vintage of one of these beautiful machines let me just say I feel bad for the struggle Derik was going through -- not just the fuel, but everything else too -- that said, it also made me feel so good to know it's not just me feeling like I'm pushing a 500lb rock up a hill working on these, I AM NOT ALONE! 😂
Carb swap it
Kinda shocked we didn't see Derek throw a few Tonya Harding 15,000's at this thing literally! 😂 I've never seen him so mad at a car before, but I know exactly what he was thinking! 🤐
My best flares on brake lines are always when I leave the fitting off.  And I ain’t kidding ya
I dont think ive ever seen Derek smile so large or laugh as hard as that drum coming off.
Dang Dude this is a bad one. I bet you were on your last nerve on this one.  You’re still the best old car dude on YouTube.  🤘🏻🤘🏻🤘🏻
At first this episode felt weird with the clean sterile environment of soft shows.  I'm glad it deteriorated to the show that I love.
Carb cam and intake! Then drive it very fast off a cliff....
Take it to the dealership to see what their diagnosis is 😂
I'm partial to no camera man episodes. Still watched all 2+ hours tough.
I love VGG but this one went too long.
Too many old Delco electronics that likely did not even work when it was parked.  Which is why it was parked.  You pulled off a miracle just getting it to run at all.  BTW I think all the crap that was in the exhaust came from the hood insulation that is missing.
Camera is really shakey in this one? Love your channel regardless!
still a good video!!!    oh and send it to Demilition Ranch!!!
Piss on that.. carb swap and derby.
LS that thing not like turbo or anything just a 6.0 with a cam few upgrades those cars ride like a dream just underpowered in that case no powered.
Your doing a great job there Derek . You are one of the best . The issue with this old model Cadillac is the throttle body and the TBPS  . I have an old GM product and once the throttle body got flooded . Had it towed home. Put a new TBPS  on it and it started running . Thanks
There is a reason there are zero 1981 Cadillacs on the road today.  They were colossal garbage from the showroom floor.
Derek.  Your videos are so good that this 2' 20'' went by even faster than a good movie!  Thx again!   BTW,  this is how my car repairs usually go.
Thanks so much for the entertainment!  Donate that thing to the  museum in downtown Branson and go fix Betty White!
Derek, pump the brakes on the ads! Waaay too much.  Edit: Finally finished the episode. Supremely disappointed. Starts off in a nice clean garage (probably sponsored by O'Reilly) instead of a field or some random person's driveway, and after watching for 2+ hours, the car doesn't move an inch.   You're starting to lose the plot, Derek. If you're getting burnt out, take a break, and then come back and do what you do best, which is finding TRUE clunkers that are barely alive, and bringing them back to life, and driving them home. Otherwise, I guarantee you'll start losing viewers.
I had one when I was 20 the 4,6,8 car motors wasn't much early take on trying to get better fuel mileage  no power lol
1:10:19 I cut a similar cat off my old chevy van that was packed so full it easily weighed over 50 pounds. And the previous owner just couldn't figure out why it ran so poorly.
I like Derek doing cameras by himself better
hey derek, up here in MN there’s a 69 amc rebel parked in 74, callin your name.
Do a 472, or 500 swap.  Basically the same engine dimensionally.
This is definitely one of Derek’s worst revivals he’s ever had. That caddy didn’t want to cooperate!!
My friend in London Ontario Canada has one. Drives it to car cruises while his one off 69 big block 4 speed floor shift bench seat Impala is being restored
I've been watching you videos for  a while now.   I love how positive you try to remain in spite of a bad situation.  We could tell you were getting frustrated on this on lol.  PLEASE for pete's sake use safety glasses when you're using those cut off wheels.  That 2nd cut, the 1st orange spark came off and went straight to your left eye.   I would really hate it if you were hurt and couldn't do your show because of an avoidable mistake.  I know it's vise grip garage but seriously that made me recoil a bit.  Stay safe man love your shows.
ad every 4 minutes,  frustrating
Carb swap for sure! That would be a real nice 2-door going to town Rig Doctor!
7k comments haha. You will never read this. Your ECM is probably toast and unobtainium. I wonder what Ricky VanShelton would do? Anyhoos, lose the EFI and do something weird. Maybe propane injection? Hank would be proud.
A heroic attempt sir.  All things considered, there is a lot to like about that Caddy minus the engine.  Swap the engine out for something better and you'll have a win on your hands.
we want you to make a drag car with this, put a hellcat motor in this!!!!!
This is so me every time I work on my cars. I do it to “RELAX”!!!!!  Anyway, even though it’s from the 80’s, it would be interesting to see a Holley sniper or carb set up with a set of duals out the back. Nothing high price but something affordable. And maybe delete on some of those wires and hoses. Keep up the great content!
That moment Derek popped the hood open and the face he gave right after, had me laughing pretty good!
😬😬👍👍
Maybe just dump some meeses in there and let them fix that wiring for you. That should also fix any computer issues.
Put a mildly built 500c.i. Cadillac engine in it with non of the bs to make it reliable and easy to diagnose and service.
My Dad told me the horror stories of the 8-6-4. But I've never actually seen one until now. So thanks for showing us a freakish early 80's experiment. Having said that, the car itself looks pretty good! I smell a new build coming.
Oh man... i admire you! So much patience!!!
Derek....You would'nt make a very good catalytic converter thief.    LOL....
Put an LS? in it.  Chevy 235 with three on the floor.
I don’t think I’ve ever laughed this hard from a YouTube video. The removal of the muffler had me rolling
First I ever saw a drum do that. Bahahaha
Oh man, your cage-fight with the muffler had me dying 🤣
Do the obvious and swap a 350 into it.
The whole muffler struggle describes my entire life.
Rip all that crap outta there, throw a carbanotor on and make it a driver. Then send it down the road.
Weeping Jesus on the cross! Your patience is admirable. It's just a car...a bad one.
Reliability   Yep  My buddy who made a good living swapping 403s into these then went on to do even better doing camshaft replacements on the cross mounted 4.1 v8s   They were per book an engine out job but he just raised her up a little and used a big hole saw to make a path through the inner fender.  Did hundreds of the 368 to 403 conversions and God knows how many 4.1 cams,   Ever drive an 80s Toyota  they run great
Carb swap
Probably the coolant temperature sensor..........
Love your sarcasm and coloquial sayings
This reminds of fighting with a 84 fiero high idle.
This guy has obviously made his money, he's just not into it anymore... time to turn it over to an apprentice.   There's probably 2 dozen fusible links under that hood. I'm really surprised that TBI didn't catch fire dumping that true fuel on top of it like that... these units although far superior to a carburetor loved to catch fire from any leaks or even spraying them down with carb cleaner or starting fluid.
If this were mine I would keep it stock except, I would remove the 368 Cadallic engine and replace it with a 5.3 LS.
Always way too long. That’s why you don’t get the views you should
this car is what cause the demise of the previous owner
What if fuel in exhaust ignites?
In spite of the fact that at this point the recovery is a failure as far as driving the beast home, I really enjoyed watching, and learning from, all the steps and logic that got you to the place where the engine would try to run.  I decided you had a bad computer a while before you proved it, but I am sure that was the last thing you wanted to see happen in the end.  I hope to see this car again sometime in the future and see what it takes to get a beautiful classic back on the road.  Than you for your enjoyable videos both from the shop and the field.
Carb swap, or LS Swap.
Holley Sniper.
As a Family we love your videos. I grew up through the sixties and seventies helping my dada work on cars. But I gotta say, you have got to start wearing some kind of face mask when you’re under these old cars!
You are far from fuel injections 😂😂 But probably condensers are far gone in ecu and fuel injectors are shot and not closing all the way not even talking about sensors
I lost my dad yesterday and I've opened youtube with the hopes of having a new Derek rescue, and here it is!. Gonna raise my beer to the old timer and watch a feller do magic with cars
Derek why are you not wearing your safety gear? Are you trying to become blind and deaf?
If the 4 6 8 doesn't work my dad was telling me he had a car with it you can just unplug it and its deactivated that easy.also your sarcasm in this video really cracked me up
Carb swap and melt the tires off!!!
"If it weren't for bad luck..."
when you hammered the injectors you crooked the seal thats why running to rich i seen that in my 93 caprice
You have more patience than i. I wanted to reach through my screen and dump gas on the car. I had one of those, finally went to scrap. Maybe a carb swap could work.
Check the plug at the computer
Owned a BUNCH of 80's GM cars and u need to use a paperclip on the diag connector (I think pin 5 and 6) it looks like a OBD2 port. that will flash codes and tell u what it needs. Running too rich is usually MAP sensor or Temp sensor. Had a 85 Blazer that would do the same thing and had to unplug the Map sensor to start it then plug it back in to drive.  Chrysler u just turn the key 3 times it will flash codes...
derek when your doing the brakes for the trip home scenario on any car Derek don't waste your time on doing the back brakes, close the back off at the proportional divider, just do the front brakes work, when you get home now you can more easily do the back brakes with the car lift, now your crawling on your back for the 15% extra stopping power for nothing with more aces and pains plus wasting time for all the important front stuff not getting done in the front, with any of these car make it home 500 miles scenarios etc disregard any back brake work till you get car home
This was actually a very good video.  It shows us that despite sometimes herculean efforts (Which Derek certainly gave it) ... some stuff just is too difficult to overcome the problems it has.  When he pulled apart that goofy throttle body geez that alone spooked me.  Good try Derek and great video.  If somehow ALL the engine crap could be pulled off there and the engine run with a basic carb and HEI ignition system maybe ...
Get rid of it Derek, this has already drained enough of your sanity.
Hope you and your family were safe during the storms last night…welcome to Tennessee
Ground wires are soo important with fuel injection
Along with my name and the many Cadillac's my mom had growing up, I've wanted one of these body styles with a LS swap for many years  and before LSs a carb swap.Who doesn't love the way they ride and how safe they feel. I can remember seeing one of these with a blown motor  sticking out off the hood and tubbed in a hot rod magazine (mixed feelings). maybe this would be a cool give away/contest car/i would buy a t-shirt for a chance to win it.
2:45 Heard a story out of Britain about Rolls Royce. Guy was touring the Continent in his new Rolls Royce. On a back road in Germany the engine fell out of his car. He call Rolls Royce and they put him up in town and a crew came out to assess and repair, hopefully, his car. Three days later he gets the car back. 6 months and he is back home with his car that has been running just fine. Calls the dealer about his adventure and is curious and would like to know how much it cost to handle the engine falling out of his car. The dealer asked him what might he be talking about? He relates his story, whereupon the dealer states with haughty disdain, "Sir, engines do not fall out of Rolls Royces."
There is a temperature sensor on the intake that tells a computer how much fuel to give when that temperature sensor goes bad it will dump too much fuel try checking it
Put a carb and intake on it and demo the turd!
Well you've certainly inspired me to try and get my '85 Cadillac back on the road. Of course it doesn't have the 8 6 4 feature, but it has the exact same TBI fuel injection system. It worked fine for me for a couple years but recently started running like crap and smoking like a diesel. Makes me wonder if it's just something simple like the o2 sensor or throttle position sensor or something. I can only hope.
A guy could say you had a cathardic experience beatin on that old muffler at the one hour ish mark
Seriousness of the storms you guys are dealing with aside..... looks like you'd have pack a lunch and call an Uber just to get from the blood stick around the front of the compartment to the oil stick.😁
Where's Betty White when you need her?
very nice work haha next time eat befor rust is not god haha
That car is in mint condition, I wouldn't give up,I would do a Carb swap on it,if it was me,some people would agree and some disagree,I can hear that Cadillac screaming "DONT GIVE UP ON ME"!!!!!!!😂😂😂😂 but seriously I wouldn't give up on it
Hi Derek, you really gave it your all trying to get it going!  I think you should install a carb and forget all the computers inside.  Then it may be a useful car.
Battle Royale' with the Battlestar  Cadillactica!!!!   OY VEY!!!
Time for a lowrider build
Run it with out the air cleaner top
I think you need to go duck dynasty on it, and use the tannerite 🙌🙌🙌🙌
Hope all is well with you and your family, prayers to those folks caught up in the storms.
I started my career as a mechanic in 1986, and that car represents the whole of cars made in the 80s. Over engineered, under powered, EPA regulated pieces of crap.
If that’s a 4100 engine all I can say is good luck Derek your a bold man 😂😂
carb swap
My mom had an almost identical 81 Coupe De Ville when i was I kid. Only difference was hers had leather interior - the old school kind that would burn the hell out of you in the summer time. Id love to have that car with an LS swap.
why?
😮"It takes a tough man to beat a tender chicken.".    Frank Perdue
I owned a '91 Limo, and loved it. Great to see you wrenching on some nostalgia. 💪
My favourite cop show is Hill Street Blues simply because it is real life and the good guys don't win in every episode. Thanks for being so honest and showing us your struggles with this disaster of an engine. Real life is what we all face all of the time so the Cadillac just reflects that.
That is a clean Cadillac I would love to see all that computer crap deleted and just make it a nice weekend cruiser. Just pretend Cadillac never went that route. They knew  they screwed up.
Should alway's ware safty glasses, rust get in eyes is no joke.
You tried and that is all that matters. Over two hours of solid entertainment.
Definitely carb swap it!
It might be incoming air that shouldn’t be there lean and it’s correcting it self with more fuel
They do make safety glasses
Would love to see this thing work properly, with the whole 4,6,8 sensor plugged in as well. How about that MAF sensor?
What block did they use for this. Did I miss him saying?   Was it the 425 i had in my 77 Coupe deVille?
Cars should NOT have digital computer things.
Carb suap
""My Respect's  Derek ✝️ ❤🇺🇸 "" you should definitely wear eye protection. Is that  the car Carlo Gambino mafia boss was killed in  ?
nor did  Ford or Dodge...
Brilliant show..  You roll around Quick. Rolling from under the vehicle.. Spry guy.. good
big  ole  carb   on it   that will  send it down the road      chev  DID NOT  know  what they were  doing  when it came to  computer junk in the 80s....  I know!!
Did you find the MAP sensor issue? Go ahead and upgrade to a 5 bar since you’ll have to replace it
Carb swap it and let her hit the Road one more time.
Wondering did the cat delete included an o2 sensors delete as well … missing computer info for fuel mixture ?
Derek, I know that you want to sell this misfit toy but I’m thinking it would make a great Demo Derby car.
Make a dragster out of her
Just throw a normal 350 in it and be done.
Carb swap would be neat. But nobody's gonna blame you if you wanna let it go on down the road
My God Derek, you are a Saint. Saving this car is a nightmare! My cousin Mike and myself saved a 97 aurora a couple years ago. Thought it was fun at the time, my cousin hated every part but the cold snacks. Love to watch all your kids and I hope to run into you some time
SWAP THE ENGINE! I admire your persistence..
One word Dynamite
You know a Guy really appreciated the vocal rendition when trying to reset the computer. A Guy could feel a Fellers frustrations an what nots. Hey, can a Feller Lazer cut an adapter back home fer a fuel toilet? A Guy thinks the 81 deserves a carb an a road trip and a Fellers shot at redemption
Thumbs up more thumbs!!! This show is Awesome!😅
Is it going to be part 2 too this
So. Many. Ads.  (Had to pay the camera guy I guess)
Believe ole me ! turbo rat muffler brought the best out of our guy
I did own a 4 door  81 4-6-8 back in 1991..just disconnected the system to run on 8 only as we all did.
hope you guys avoided the twister this w/e
I haven’t watched it all but I’m willing to say the coolant temp sensor is bad
In 81 would you just unhook the battery to clear everything?  Make it a demo derby car.
That baby is begging for an LS swap!!!😂
Help me understand! Please wear safety glasses.
LOL
I had a really early 90’s Chevrolet company truck that strayed fuel like that. It would idle at 3,000 rpm’s and would screech the tires when you put the shift machine in D. The company maintenance guy just said run it that way.
Well on the plus side, you have alot of nice parts. might become a Rusty Acres parts rig,
Carb swap. Shes a nice looking rig.
Engine swap. Small block Chevy or LS. Airbag it and take on power tour next year.
Sorry for being negetive....We love ya Derek !     Keep on Keeping ON !!!
This thing needs a big block 8.1 in it.
Holmes I really enjoyed this episode!! Lmao!!
Did you check the map sensor, and the TBI you can get one off a pickup late 80’s and early 90’s
Keep the remote handy, this adventure gets noisy.  Often.  Enjoyed this, hoping all went well on central TN tornadoes.
Am I on the wrong channel?! Where's the weeds and the trees and the fields and the critters , and is that car almost brand and new, where's the go faster holes and weight saving holes and the ruyst and the cracked windshield and...?!
Yeah that engine would be getting ripped out of there in a heartbeat and put something else in . For the Love of Jesus and everything sacred, what was GM thinking? Wow, you have way more patience than I do.
LS swap or a small block with a Holley she could sit next to Betty White, heck put a big block in it.
Carb swap !!!!!
Find a big cliff.....AND PUSH !!!!!!
drop a 383 stroker 500 horse bolted to that turbo 400; such hard work to get that thing right.
weird having someone filming for him
Derrick videos way too long 👎
I love watching all of your videos Derek.  I feel for you on this one 😂
i remember trying to figure out an 80s cadillac fuel injection system way back in the olden days ,never did get it running ,... back then most of us old shade tree guy's deduced that with 80s gm fuel injection , it was often quicker to just rip the whole intake off ,toss it out ,and retrofit an older carburetor intake and ignition system on it
I owned a V8-6-4 like this years ago with 60,000 and had very little trouble with it to 140,000 miles.  Do you know the radio will become a scanner by pressing the OFF and WARMER buttons at the same time then pressing or holding all the switches (like turn signal, wiper, lights, brakes, backup lights and many of the radio buttons at different times and orders.    All explaned in a "Chilton: manual.
derrick your killing me disconnecting tps makes it not dump fuel but also creates no change when removed while running ohm that sucker out its probably bad or out of whack
LS it and send it.
This was the single most entertaining episode ever. Please buy more early TBI cars so we can watch you hate life.
People constantly ask why he doesn’t do newer cars. This is why! 😂😂😂 I’m sorry but this is the first time I’ve seen Dereck get his ass whooped.
Looks like it needs a LS update,
HEY OREILLY!!!! GET THIS MAN A LIFT INSTEAD OF BEING CHEAP
We gotta see this thing run and drive so carb swap or a good old 455 swap I'm cool with either.
Who is the new camera person?
Keep a eye out on Market Place for a old Motor Home (cheap) take the 454 and 400 trans out of it and slip in the Caddy.
Roasted Mice
Leave it on the side of the road lol
This is Awesome! The Stuff we do! Good job on the muffler
First I’d like to see you do a carb conversion on the Caddy, then recreate the high speed brake drum removal technique.  Have a competition on how far the brake drum goes….. who ever wins gets the Caddy.
I want the director's cut of the muffler removal
Was still a great episode. 😛
…you had safely glasses on top of the cardboard box, dummy!! Ha! Good job and thanks for sharing
I cleaned my idle air control thingy bobber and fixed my engine with similar problems. Helped that rod slide back and forth like it's supposed to. Will it work for that car.. probably not. But a guy can just try to help a feller out
Please fix this … I Believe in You !!!
When Derek was bench pressing the muffler, I lost it.  🤣
Awesome car, shitty motor. I say motor swap, computer and wiring delete, and fix all broken filler panels by bumpers. Then Static drop 2” 😀👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻 family cruise
Ditch it, don't need a headache like that in your life.  I know how stressful that is, I have an '87 squarebody with the TBI and I was wracking my brains one time throwing sensors at it and disabling stuff only to find it in fact had a bad computer.  Nifty little setup when it's working properly, but this looked like a nightmare.  I think this is the first time I've ever seen you so obviously visibly frustrated.  You sure gave it one heck of a shot, can't win 'em all- especially when dealing with cars that were doomed from the factory.
Funny and frustrating at the same time, i would LOVE  to see a follow up on the 1981 cadillac coupe deville.   Good job man, stay positive we love it.
Hit it with an improvised hammer and say the magic worlds "Abra-Wrench-dabra!" and it'll be fine...ish... most of the time. (...nope... we'll just pretend that we didn't see that leak) *My best Fuel/Brake line flares are when I put the fitting on the line backwards. DOH!
You tangled with a buzz saw this time Derek. It was not GM's finest hour. Many of these had the engine replaced (read; most of these). You have a low mileage two door with a straight body and nice interior. The bigger question isn't what WE think you should do with it - it's what do you want to do with it. There's your answer.
Oh my God your cameraman made me so motion sick. What happened to you just putting your camera on a tripod or whatever so all those movements doesn’t make someone so motion sick
By the end of this video my frustration level was a 10 outa 10!  I was ready to take a “Tonya Harden” to that TBI!
Pull the V8-6-4, replace it with a mild SBC.
where are your safty goggles and hearing protection?
....computer must be functioning or it wouldn't signal to FP to run at all no?.....as earlier poster said.....coolant/temp sensors screw a lot of things up...TPS too..is there a Idle control valve...air flow meter?....always an education for us....thanks....
Mr. Bieri I hope i spelled it right where can i get some of these older cars i live in Northern New York  but i am finding these used cars you find are reasonably priced. All our used cars are well over ten grand.  I know there are no good used cars up north that are not rotten. Keep up your work i wish you and your family Happy New Year And a Merry Christmas.  God Bless
Best idea? Tannerite!
Fought EVERY one of these battles with a 95 tbi 7.4 k2500. After MANY MANY hours I finally got it fixed. It was fuel pressure and regulator. The regulator in the kit was bad. On its maiden voyage it spun the main bearing. 1-877 kars-4-kids….
Just ls swap it
this man really needs a great battery sponsor!
Wow you gave that muffler a what fer
Well she sure showed she's no Betty White...
I would love to buy this car. It’s my dream car.
Well now we know what’s better a Lincoln or a Cadillac!
You forgot o'rings on top side of injectors.
Remarkable Specimen, for a Cadillac.  Great Episode VGG!!!!
Greetings from Germany! Watching your Videos for a long while now and i am very happy to see an 80s Cadillac! I got basically the same one with the good old HT4100 in it. Runs great. Maybe some time you will make a Video on that Engine, that would be pretty nice. Keep up the good work 🤠
Now we know why you never have breaks, they just drive away.
I want to see it run a 7 sec pass!
As much as i enjoy watching you work , your habit of throwing parts , specially batteries is a bit annoying and unsafe.
Save your self some more trouble and sell it is my vote.
I'll buy it
The fire was a nice touch.
Fuel Injector seems to be a Dirty word!!
The cat sensor might be the issue
In no way am I, the viewer, disappointed that the CattleRack did not make the cross-country equivalent of the Brickyard 500. The real benefit here is being inside Derek's marvelous mind as he observes, processes, analyzes, tries something, then repeats; perseveres past most folks' finish line. It's a lesson as large as life and it just happens to be delivered in the presence of an automobile.
I would love to see you work on this some more when you not under a time crunch. Even if you swap out for a sniper or something. Loved it.
after the carb caught fire I understand what the term "Fire it up" has meaning to me.
DEMO DURBY VGG SMASHER
What a great attitude! Thanks for giving it your best.
I would definitely rather watch on this one
1) Put a timing light on it and point it at the TBI to check the spray pattern.  Check it when cranking rich as well as running to see if you notice any change. 2) Use an oscilloscope to troubleshoot.  Put one channel on one injector.  Put the other channel on different inputs at the computer.  (must use a wiring diagram) You will be able to find what is changing and making it go rich. 3) Check the grounds.  Including the grounded pins on the computer. The oxygen sensor will never make that large of different in fuel delivery - a car without the O2 will run rich but not hydrolock rich.  Cars will run well in open loop without using the O2 sensor.  Only MAP/MAF or TPS will cause it to dump fuel like that.  My own guess would be corroded connections.   You are very good all other aspects of cars.  Buy and O-scope and become an expert with the electronics of the 80's and early 90's.  You are bound to have more cars from this era.
Hell, what about ripping everything off that big block 368 that you don’t need and installing a Holly Sniper EFI system then run a dual exhaust and call it a day? I bet it would turn out to be a pretty decent cruiser.
I'll buy it,, how much?
the entire time i was watching i thought for sure you were going to slap a carb on it and call it good but hey things go the way things go. i would love to see if you could pull the valve covers and see what could be done to delete on the 8/6/4 system altogether but also dig into the system itself and just find out what makes it do what it does i mean why does it do what it doesn't?
Carb swap then off to the derby
I have a 85 Seville almost the same and I feel your pain mine sat for 15 years has 34,000 original miles but the sad thing is the California sun has damage the paint and the seats
Carb swap carb swap carb swap OR….. engine swap?
Hi. I would like to see you do a carb. Swap. It would be cool.🚘
Amazing how much more professional the video looks when there's a cameraman. Let's hope that continues into other videos.
coolant temp sensor open and computer thinks its super cold outside and dumps fuel until it warms up. 8 seconds rich and then nothing because ignition gets retarded to burn hotter to heat the cat up.
Don’t catch you a case of that haunting virus! 😂
Nice ride😃
What can you say bad tech that was canceled was bad tech.
You have no idea how much I was cheering you on Derek. I thought for sure you would have found the issue. Except for a bad brain anyway. When the rear drum flew off, I laughed my butt off then once I saw your response...laughed some more. Keep up the great videos. Love them!!!
It needs a 6-71 poking through the hood.
At the time the 5.7 liter (350) diesel was available, it was MUCH better.  I put 289 000 miles on one, it was running when I sold it! If you are interested, the 5.7L can be fixed by just s few updates…
The Cadillac of despair. What a test of wits and perseverance. I felt for you through all of it while still bursting into laughter a number of times. What an extraordinary episode, thanks Derek for actually putting this one out :)
When I seen you had an 81 v8-6-4 you where working on i snickered just watching a clip on those things and their problems just yesterday. Knew you had your hands full good job though i would've threw something through the windshield in my younger days. Better composed now days 2:20:58
Sell it...😊
Who’s the camera man ?? Did a great job
when do we see ho is behind the camera derick
Man what a s*** idea for a fuel system .  Great idea but how long did they develop that idea . A week a month a year .  I believe there are quite a few high end modern cars with big engines V8s V12s that do this to improve fuel consumption.  Cadillac where way ahead of the game . In building this fuel system .  Really hurt to see Derek getting a bit of frustration there .  Hey Fella you can’t win ‘em all .  Onwards and upwards to whatever comes next .  I must have discovered you 5 years ago .  Instantly hooked into what you do .  Thank you for just being you .  Kind regards to you and your family. Martin in the UK . X
I've never seen Derek get his ass kicked so bad. Damn. Moral of the story: Stay away from computer driven engines Derek. Donate this beast to some channel that does LS swaps and can program those computers.
Nice try, even Babe Ruth didn’t hit a home run every time he got up. Keep up the good work!!!
Monoxide awareness? Here and home at the shop!
take that crappy injector off!!! and put a Holley carb on the engine!!!!
I have to give you some credit Derek ,you sure know how to keep your Patients trying to get the car up and run,exceptionally when you have to be out and on the road on a certain day, much respect for you Derek, keep up the awesome content, I love watching all your videos❤❤💯💯
The dedicated camera man is a great addition..  this video was very professional looking.. you are stepping up your game in a big way.. and the content looks great man!
Derek, the shorter the extension on your impact the better it will work.   Before crawling out from under the car, try pulling the extension and going straight socket.
dude,, i worked at a Chrysler dealership back in that day,,, we wouldn't even take this engine in Watever,,, in trade.
I have a 95 deville with the multiport injection and it hydrolocks itself after I try to start it after it’s been driven for awhile lol, my starter does the same thing with that dead spot right as you turn the key “bru……… brubrubruVROOMMM” always starts, but it’s smoked some batteries and I don’t even wanna dig into why it’s doing what it’s doing, but it also gets 1mpg so that’s neat
And I always thought you disliked electronicals😂😂
Sorry texted before seeing you got the o2 .Idle air control get messed up too.
You've got a lot more patience than I do. I would have rolled it out the door and set it on fire for the insurance money when you started pulling the sparkplugs out. Honestly,  having experienced similar problems with TBI (Chevy pickup) and a Ford Explorer with Idle Air Control Valve problems this was painfully frustrating to watch.
I’d be interested in buying it. That thing has LS swap written all over it.
I love to see Derrick struggle. Makes me feel better that I'm not the only one 😂
Hope all is well after that big storm came through Tennessee..
You can win them all, send it to the crusher😮😂
Wow-what a mess 😮 I would swap with 472  and gearstar 4l80e .
Did you say a car swap? 😂
The camera man’s giggling was so funny 😂😂😂
Derek, pull that POS engine and install a 350. Though GM ould put a 307 in it, ith 100 p.
LS swap!
Wandering if it is O2 sensor since the muffler were clogged it carbon up the O2 so bad,the computer can’t get a reading.
I had a similar issue with a GM TBI dumping fuel, it was a coolant temp sensor!  So this was on a 1994 K2500, 350.  So the Computer has a simple map of fuel vs engine temp and warming up for emissions.  With only so many bits available, you have to account to at least around 200+ degrees, but you can't have "negative bits", at least in the same file so another another panel of information is stored containing information for "below zero", and depending on how that temp sensor goes bad, it's trying to add fuel and warm up as if it's -200 some degrees out and oxygen is so dense it's liquefying.  At any rate, it was a couple dollar sensor so I figured why not, and I'll be dipped, it worked!!!  I'm not sure if the explanation is true, but that's the one I was told, and it DID fix my problem.
That was pretty funny when the drum came off,that drum was most likely in a hurry to hit the road😂😂😂😂
It would be cool to see a running and complete system. Never seen one.
What an great channel....Dirk and his car adventures!! Love to see it ..each time something new...The rear drum "walk"  was really quite  something.!!! ...did it pas between the camera legs, did I seen that?? ?    In regards to the engine issue... I would think, there is an issue with an injector.. as they are very sensitive for rust and dirt....You can try to attach a small 5 watt lamp to  EACH injector terminal..and check the flicking of the light on both sides, when starting..if  the computer & output  is OK .  Then swap the injectors from left to right...if the problem moves as well.. you  have a fault in  the injector, very simple...and I think it is the issue. They need to be cleaned in a ultra sonic cleaner, while under load, so  open, to get all the dirt out. If the nozzle  of the jet do not move free, it will flood the engine..Like you have seen..it has to open & shut  off 100% correctly... . It is in ANY case for sure a  REAL & HOT  "Go to town rig"..so  very much worth fixing it Derek... The inside is soooo cool!! ...even if it means to knock out the EFI stuff...if things get really complicated... and nail an Edelbrock on it..Go for it mate!  Keep up the great work...Big hug to all of your family ! Best  regards....  Peter ,  Netherlands!
Can't believe u gave up so soon
Great video with a sad ending. Stick a carb on that old girl. She looks sweet.
You pick the absolutely worst year of Cadillac. The   8-6-4 the world's worst because the first generation computer did not work to change to different cylinders. You talking up a piece of junk.
Yank the motor and replace with something you can depend on
52:14 Camera operator couldn’t help laughing at Shrek's wedding ring 😂
Hey, friend.  I really wish you would use safety glasses.
Go through the TBI unit again...I had a similar issue on my 95 Chevy. First I had the 2 top o-rings and metal rings improperly installed and 2 of the lower o-rings improperly installed on the injector. Once fixed, it ran great.
ppe derek. please use em.
Best one ever
Lovethe studio set up in this. The lighting was spot on
You definitely need to get this working properly. Its probably gonna be the only one that works if you do! Lol. Alex at LSC might help?
I the old Chevies if your distributer cap is dirty the extra sparking killedmodules yes it's a thing
What a bummer. Enjoyed the video, anyway.
I laughed so hard watching this video, from the drum spinning off and leaving the shop, while Derek laughed. To ackowledging that that the brake drum had actually gone farther than the car at that point. Then there was the part while fiddling with the injector when he said you know what we need now and starts to sing Bill Nigh the science guy😂😂😂! Comic gold!
Good job Derek. Those 4/6/8's are notorious. Don't give up on it.
LS swap
thats an old pellet cat my dude.....its worth $40 at best and thats if the pellets are still in it......they are just as heavy with the pellets as they are without. theres a plug on it which many people back in th 80's would of dumped all the pellets out and put the plug back in.
Just imagine, the Oldsmobile 350 diesel that you couldn’t keep head gaskets in was an improvement over this.
Let’s ls swap the cadi
Do a card swap
The struggle is real! 😅
Honestly I'll watch you build anything, but this one can be shipped on off as far as I'm concerned... but if you decide you don't want to give up on her and bring her back I'll watch either way lol.
Plus the camera person was the best. The zoom in at certain points. They just didn't miss..
I made a little device that might help you as well. Sometimes I have to test for power in an area I can't see while I'm giving it power. For example you turning on the key while you're trying to see if you're getting power back at the gas tank wire. I wired a door buzzer from a 70's Chevy to a couple of alligator clips so I can listen from the driver's seat if I'm getting power to something. So far it has always worked and I don't have to be in line of sight of a test light.
From what I understand, you can disable the disabling rocker arms so that it's just a standard V8.  I heard that you can bin the throttle body and fit a carb abd stock fuel pump.  Basically what I'm saying is that making this thing run as is is near impossible but a little bit of simple swapping and changing can have them running like a champ.  You have to get the rocker arm assemblies off the earlier 368 and bolt those on,  job done and happy days. Many many people did this on the 4/6/8's
If you've ever replaced a fuel tank or straps, especially in a gravel driveway, then you can probably relate to "installing the straps with your feet".
Put it in the Bin 💩
When I graduated from college in 1986, I bought an 83 Coupe DeVille with the 4.1 V8. It was a pretty anemic engine but it was an awesome highway cruiser. Had it for about a year when I got hit by an F-150. Totaled the car but I walked away unhurt.
Evening big fella. We absolutely love your channels. You have a wonderful family… especially Chris.. he gets so emotional.   Sooooo, without a doubt, that Cady needs a Sniper II.
Ok this might need to be turned into a washing machine..
I am wondering about the temp sensor. If that's bad the ECM will read constant -40° F and fuel accordingly
Make it a regular V8. Turn off the 8-6-4 do dad. There must be an after market kit to do that. Shutting off cylinders warps the block.
Sell the car,  or engine swap. Dealers choice.
Disconnect the 468 doday whatsa...get a quadraflop on her with adaptors plate...and there you have it..OHHH..ANS zip tie the drum to the wheelie thingy..and you'll be right to roll.. 😊
need a gimbal stabilizer for cameraman.
Lol, this is why you want to stick with those vintage F150 pickups, with the world famous 300 straight six.
different motor good body and inside .
I'll make millions of dollars and be a stupid SOB and loose my eye sight...SMH
You can’t win em all. This guy is a zen master if I’ve ever witnessed one
This is one of your highest production quality vids yet! Amazing
Why don’t you just cut the clamp off the muffler where it attaches to the pipe?
low voltage swap alt
The temperature sending unit to the EEC  might be bad causing the injectors to pour in more fuel like on a very cold morning. Fords do that. They read -40 when bad. You need to learn to use a crayon on stuck threads after you heat the part. Melt it into the threads and it comes out easily.
too bad it wasn't a stick, you could have driven it home on the starter.
So you're saying that the fuel system that was trash when it was new DOESN'T get better with setting for years..😂😂
Distribute
How close were you to just letting it burn at the end? Lol
Loved seeing this car. This idea of using less cylinders than the engine is used today from what I hear. Kinda cool to see this car ahead of its time. Even if it was a bunch of trouble. Thanks for another awesome video!
About head butted the frame with that sneeze
You have a rat's nest of wiring to properly trace out, the map sensor is probably bad. the 8/6/4 never worked even when this car rolled off the assembly line, bad gremlins running all around.  Sell the car because you have no time to sort it out and you don't want to park this car in rusty acres.
Try a different flavor of Caddy... HT 4100... More Junk...  The car has a clean body... Just drop a block in it...
I'm hoping that tornado missed you guys.
I've rebuilt too dang many of those TBI setups. I know for a fact I have a whole stack of various injectors, regulators, throttle bodies, gasket, sensors, ECT on a shelf in my garage. I even have one of the old Corvette Crossfire intakes. They're way better than the electronic quadrojunk feedback carbs of the same era. Good job!
This car is worth some restoration. Why not a Holly EFI?
I am a fan of this extra long video on this gem of a pos. I am less of a fan of the video being a cameraman. I know it has to be super easy in comparison, maybe I'm just used to the way VGG has always been. Thank you derek for all the knowledge you provide us shadetree guys!
Not sure if it is relevant or not, 30 years ago when I lived in Canada.  All the GM TBI cars would flood like that   Turn out that the coolant temp sensor would tell the ECU that it was -1000 degrees out and it would then command 100% duty cycle on the injectors.  Did you happen to swap the coolant temp sensor?
You know 1000 X more than I do about cars but man I wish you would chock those front tires😬
Anyone else thinking it needs an LS swap?
No mosquitoes in that garage!🤪
what a stupidly over complex piece of American junk.
The starter sounds exactly like michael winslow 😂 great video Derek!
Holley Sniper swap it if you can get a different intake for it! Then you can replace that MPG Sentinal with the Holley display. Get rid of all the other emissions stuff, simplify the belts, get the seat fixed, and you've got a sweet, rust free ride!
Overengineered junk.
Oh you know the deal! If the cig lighter works, you gotta hit one of the butts!
Thats the closest ive ever seen Derek come close to blowing a " gasket" 😂
It’s a nice car if you’re into that. Carbulate it…
If it has an airpump, I have seen the diverter valve stick and flood the exhaust with fresh air. The o2 sensor sees it lean and floods the engine to try and richen it up. Otherwise the map sensor is likely the culprit. Good luck!
You should rip out all that digical stuff and slap in a ZZ632/1000 Deluxe lol
Holy Moses, a sniper EFI conversion on that and it’ll be a smooth going to town cruiser!! Get rid of the old EFI system, update to the higher volume pump, ya already got the fuel lines that will support the pressure.
This man has come a VERY long way since his early days on youtube. Its awesome to see his channel grow from building super budget 350 Small blocks to working out of the O'Reilly hq garage and that Roadworthy show. Congrats to him!
Yee Yee !!!
Man derek! You gave it a good fight!!!😂😂😂😂❤❤ lesson learned! Loved this episode!
coolant temp sensor is essential for EFI systems, if it „thinks“ is in arctic conditions, it will dump fuel like crazy.. sensor wire shorted to ground may cause that as well as a broken sensor
When the EPA gets involved this is what you get ... trash ... look at the new gas cans ... my point has been made
That thing needs a LS with turbo and a posi.... or a carbed 350
Not sure what to do with it. If you want to sell it, then I'd say keep it stock.   In that case I'd replace the sensors, starting with the most likely, which from other comments I understand to be the temperature sensor.  I looked up the TPS and IAC and fuel injectors.   Seems like Oreilly has all of those in cheap aftermarket versions for under $100.   And I found a ECS in Vegas on Evilbay for $100.    Else if you wanted this to replace Betty White...then delete all that unneeded stuff and put a carb on it.
A fellur can't believe that a guy actually made the mistake of touching a V8-6-4!  I guess a guy wanted a challenge, and we get to see just how good a guy really is. Looking at that motor reminds me of a HUGE beef I have had with GM's made after 80'.  Why even use the bleep-bloops processors if you aren't even utilizing electronic Ignition!?!?!?  It runs right along with, why on Earth did GM hang onto TBI systems until like 95' when EVERYONE else was using port injection (for about 10 years at that point too), which is undeniably better for the bleep-bloop systems?  I've decided that V8-6-4 is officially the polar opposite of the first port EFI 5.0 V8 from Ford.  That motor is anemic, inefficient, and horribly unreliable.
I see an LS swap in this Cadillac's future with a manual transmission. The body is nice enough to do it. Why not?!?
You should definitely go check on the Dart.
If I didn't know any better but those are Oldsmobile hubcaps. That's the least of that cars worries.
I'm not a great fan of the newer higher priced production of the video. I liked it better when you were outside or with your kid. Maybe it's just me. But cool vid
When that brake drum spun off and hauled it across the floor I damn near spit out my coffee 😂😂. Judging by Derek's face, he thought it was funny as hell too. Lol. Just a little humor in a PITA car.
Convert that thing to carb and call it good
I don't think  many realize just how difficult this all is!
Carb it Derek and be done with the junk. Here's a question for you, how do you know when you're to drunk to drive? Answer is:  when you swerve to miss the tree and it's your air freshener. I see you'd have to miss three in that rig. Monster crate motor would be cool in that. Pleasure to meet you at Iola.
Get rid of that money pit.
Beating the living shit out of the muffler  instead of getting a sawsall 😂 Gets a sawsall and then beats it with a hammer 😂
One of your best videos! Real Thriller 💪😁
@2:20:17 -- you need to at least drive it farther that the drum cover ... covered.
Carb 454 swap, or trailer it to Demo Ranch?
Cylinder deactivation was junk back then, and is junk now. You'd think they'd have learned by now, but the 'gubbmint' wants those numbers. I deactivated mine with a tune.
please take this home and put a carburetor on it and make a daily driver, maybe take it on a road trip or take it to your brother
Throw a carb on it and move it along to the next sucker. OR Give Bentley some metal working tools and have him recreate those missing plastic body parts in metal. Not a super hard job and a good start for someone there to get/give a lesson on making real panels.
They couldn’t go 500 miles new. There was a short time you saw quite a few on the road. They were bad. So then you saw lots on the side of the road. The last one I saw in the wild was at a strip mall with an old farmer driving it, in V-2/3 mode. 1987-88. Junk.
LOOKS LIKE A CANDIDATE FOR DEMOLITION RANCH NEW FIRING RANGE TARGET!!!
Looking more and more EMP-proof by the second. 😂
It definitely needs an LS swap. Pros: way less complicated, more reliable, more power, more fuel efficient. The only real con is the cost of buying an LS
Gonna have to name that car the Battlac. She wants to fight the whole way😆
Not that I didn’t want you to be successful and drive this thing all the way home, I also appreciate that it doesn’t always go the way we hope in the time that we have.  That car is in such good shape that I think you rip everything out that you need to, to put something reliable that you know and love in it.  Put it back on the road!!  😊
Yes she'll clean up nice but when you're done with it you're gonna want to burn it😅
You did a great job … watching the rear right break drum rolling across floor was “ hilarious “ we ❤ watching your podcast… I personally at the end would not have put out the fire , I would have been so frustrated.. 😡
Hey Derek I see the FACTORY Trash Receptacle down near the front passenger floor panel in front of the passenger door…. SUPER RARE AND HARD TO FIND / Replace
Swap it over to Holley fuel injection and toss all the factory garbage that NEVER worked right. The basic engine is a good design if you get rid of the cylinder deactivation hardware.
I can tell you reach the point where I would have quit more than once. And all this away from home. You're awesome.
Those are oldsmobile hubcaps
So time if you take both cables off and put them to getter for about 10 minutes it resets the computer better
1:05:53 can you taste the rainbow 🌈
I bought one of these in 81 and traded it in in 82.
About halfway through I'd have paid someone another 1800 to take it far far away.
Cut all the electric shit out of it and carb swap it!
Easiest fix... LS swap!
Big block swap
Can you say LS SWAP! with a Holley set up.
Just unplug everything you don't understand.
632 swap. New burnout rig. Tire melter 9000
I have a friend that worked at the GM  dealership in our town. They kept several new Cadillac's out back for donor cars. They would rob parts or just switch parts to make a customers car work.  He told me they are all junk, and they won't stay running very long. You give it a good try. More than I would have. Thanks for the  video. Ed H. Southwest Mo.
Well done that man. You gave it everything. A lesser man would be throwing spanners and hammers around the workshop!
Yeah the car was probably pretty good for the first 10 years and then it turned into junk
It was a good episode not a lot of people would take on that car Not too often you get frustrated But this one was pissing you off and the more I laughed I love it
you tried Derek! awesome trip! evolution should have stopped at carbs!
Kudos to the effort!  Swap away on this thing
Voting for a carb swap
Absolutely loved this one. Seeing you putting decades of Derekness, knowledge and experience to work on something new, was great. More stuff like this please! You mentioned Apollo 11. I'd love to see you take a stab at that. Cheers from goulashland!
Please make more of an effort to use safety glasses and shields.  You're not getting the vision loss back that you've already suffered and no one wants you to lose more.  Thank you for the continued content.
Smart thinking
As always great content. Try pulling the ecu and opening up the case see if any of the solder joints are bad. Also check to see if the sensor in the distributer is bad....
1) cut your losses and sell it for scrap , it was a POS when new and still is 2) with all invested so far, maybe buy a used 454 and drop that in. It would be interesting to see that engine bay minus all the hoses and belts and wires ! (
I think a collab with Pine Hollow would be great to watch on this thing.
Put a Holly on it
Love this video, big box of parts ... Eh thats advanced level 😂
Love these long episodes. Gives me a longer bit of escapism.This looks a tough build and I’m definitely not looking at comments on what happens! Oh the trepidation!!
I would suggest a healthy dose of tannerite.😁
My uncle used to bypass computers on those old gm units.
So great job. Have an old 86 mustang same problems  turns out vacuum leak T- connection 🤷🏽‍♂️👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻😎
The engine is called a4,6,8.
I love your stuff. I would take this one home, try a few things like the coolant sensor. And if I grew fed up, drop a carb on it and retire the 8,6,4 mode b.s.
Dadgum i think i would get a tralor.
of all of your content, this seems to be the most frustrating rescue you have done... cold snacks for days at the end right?
😂😂😂 awesome revival
The car is in great shape strip the computer crap and the 4-6-8 and put a carb or aftermarket fuel injection on it.  You have the manifold for a newer tbi maybe a Holley pro jection unit.   Good job buddy.
razor blades
one of the funniest vids ---the brake drum taking off across the garage was priceless! i remember seeing those cars broken down all the time
I think it needs a new Atari 800.  Sell it or junk it.  Not worth your time or talent.
I'd really like to never see this car on the channel again, cool thanks.
Thise hubcaps look to be Oldsmobile, "The Poor Mans Cadillac" but they look great and its the very LEAST of your problems. Lol
“Filter?” I thought it was pronounced “filtrè.”
This model car is more like a sculpture than anything.
My father had one. Bought it brand new and it was in the shop more than it was on the road. He ended up getting his money back due to our states lemon law and bought a Olds 98 and never had a problem with it. Went 480K miles, had it from 1981 to 1987. Someone t-boned it at a intersection and the insurance company totalled it.
As someone who works for a GC, there’s something absolutely beautiful about a grinder with no guard or handle. Dangerously sexy 😍😍
A feller needs an O'reilly near me in the worst way.
@50:39 "Oh no, there's a big thing! What does that do?!" No truer words have ever been spoken.
Cadillacs Love you  No matter what they love you.  snip the muffler of let it breathe.   You will never make it as a catalytic converter thief.  Connector expert. is your goto for connectors.  Good try but the odds were against you  two computers from a 4cyclinder Toyota might work
Definite upgrade in content.  The camera man definitely a great thing.  As for the video,  my ole man battled all that GM crap when I was a kid.  His favorite saying was ‘wh*re’s nightmare.’
carb swap it
That TBI  Looks like whats on the 4.3 and 305 and 350's with the TBI system  sooo with that said look for a TBI for the fore mentiond engines?????  S10's mid - late 90's K5 square body's
Dang ol thing eh , I’d try replacing the injectors them selfs , can’t help admire a guy who got the injectors too work from doing absolutely nothing from the getgo!
You have way more patience than me. I would have been too quick to think  (if possible) - how to  rip out all the digital, get rid of the EFI and give it a new top + Edelbrock 1406. And my inappropriate for youtube anglo-saxon language would be fluent.
I always admire your persistence and humor when working on something so frustrating.  My vote, swap a Holley / FI Tech throttle Broccoli Injection on it and drive happy!
Like a lot of good ideas on paper, they turn out to be crap in use. Other companies tried their version of variable displacement engines to improve milage and still have plenty of hp's. Most fell along the wayside.
Rather than working on that curse you might have been better off just driving your forehead as hard as you can into the sharpest corner on an old  kitchen table,  or maybe the 2 shins in the trailer hitch trick  ending with a 3 rib crack landing.
This would be a great candidate for a complete ECU replacement. It has all the basic sensors of modern ECU's, it just lacks any of the modernization of the newer computers. Would be a great learning project.
I would love to see this engine figured out. It seems like a car that needs to be back on the road
The muffler scene had me laughing like hell, been and done that
First time I’ve ever even Derrick stumped 😂 what are you gonna do though it’s a machine that speaks computer not hit me with a hammer or rebuild my carb 😆
Carbon Monoxide poisoning is very likely.
Don’t give up on it. It’s too cool
That car would be a perfect candidate for a LS swap with a 4L80.  Can you say Terminator X-Max?  I knew you could!
Hammer a screw driver through the oil filter would have gotren it off.
Ambient air temp sensor. That’s your problem. Only a guess but I think it fits.
Good morning ☀️ vice grip garage  I think it will run 🏃  but my uncle had the same car 🚘 and it would run 🏃‍♀️ on 8 then 6. Then 4  but it really was not a good idea as far as the motor was it  he later traded it for a new car 🚗 with a  v/ 8 motor that he liked better you have a great 👍 day
You know what it needs.  A pair of longhorn horns mounted on the grill.
Best episode yet! Loved every bit of it!
Caddy dropped that engine due to the computer to run it always went out. The engine maybe fine but only if you can bypass the computer.
Ah, the V8-6-4. Good idea, atrocious execution. This engine without the 8/6/4 system disabled is my personal "Worst Engine of All Time". Few, if any other engines came broken from the factory at a 100% rate!   The fact that it only lasted a single year despite its promise of "revolutionary technology" is just proof of how bad it was. I can't imagine how much money Cadillac lost.
Do a whole engine swap on this one. 😆
That’s my dream car.
The camera guy gives this a different feel from your normal revivals. Not sure if I like it or not
Derek - I do believe I just watched the definition of  "UNRELENTING DETERMINATION that NEVER GAVE UP"  John Wayne didn't give up @ the Alamo either!  Btw, that V4 - V6 - V8 Monkey Motion....  Torch it - Salvage the engine
Noticed the holes in  hood insulation was used to plug exhaust  . 😮😮
In simple EFI systems there are few things to check if we wanna make it work. Temps of water and air (broken one could tell our computrer there is -80'C out here and he will dump fuel into it) lambda sensor and if he got map sensor, and some of kind stepper motor to hold right rpm. I think it could be savable but it needs a ot of work. im kinda sad it doesnt run, it well be nice to have it "all original"    Meyby lets just leave it EFI but upgrade on some modern stuff ?
Dude. Wtf.  A- Pull muffler down.  B- Put wooden block etc ti fill as much of gap between top of exhaust pipe snd floor pan C- bend muffler up.
Ok Hear Me Out LS Swapped Coupe Deville Nice little hot rod
These early 80's GM vehicles had a direct impact on my automotive career. It was hard to charge a customer for all of the time involved to get it function properly. one of the other problems was the quality of parts. getting sensors that were bad right out of the box. The test equipment needed was also an issue. Where I lived they started emission testing of vehicles. So, more testing equipment was necessary. I moved on to an import shop, selling and installing used and new parts. I then moved on to working on to medium duty trucks in the shop and in the field.  that was from early eighties to late nineties, about 18 years.
This is a 42 year old car!!!!!!!
That was a tough load of work, incredible perseverance Derek, and lots of cash.  Why do auto makers scale technology beyond their means, there's a reason why that motor lasted just 64k miles. thanks for the content, this was not easy.
Good try, Derek! That car is truly a 'white elephant'. And it sure is packed under the hood. What a jungle! The valve covers are neat though! 😂😂
I would love to see a carb conversion  Get the total bs injection out lol
LS swap candidate?
GM cylinder deactivation in 1980s: don't work GM cylinder deactivation in 2023: were still trying guys
at injector i thimk those washers go below the o ring not above
I don't know if a carburetor would  fix this but if it would lets see a video of that
Currently watching this epic novel.  This is the best drama/comedy/horror flick I have ever seen. Bravo good sir.....bravo.
My goodness!! What a heroic effort to get a POS to try and go. I think you should rig some tannerite and have Chad and Chad come over and have a nice explosion and bon fire 😂😂
About 3/4 thru the video, where the selenoids are clicking. Move the throttle back and forth. I believe that's like a variable resiter. Probably has crosion build up
my uncle had one of these, 1984 i believe, champagne.. never gave him this kind of trouble, ever.. he had the boomerang TV antenna on the trunk lid and a portable set on the back seat.. he worked running wires and crap through the wings of MD-80s.. i think his job was simpler than this 1981 here..
Haul it to the county fair & sell sledge hammer swings for a buck apiece. That way you get some money back. Turn what's left into a large lovely cube.
Send help! So send Derek.....oh wait.... 😊
Put an LS in it
Put a carb on it. Lol
Derek hit the abs, lats, chest, and legs to-day.  Saved on that gym fee and got some work done.
Was waiting for an aggravated WOT Neutral to Drive dump in the parking lot haha.  Tbi systems always had issues with ign module/throttle position and has to have good fuel pressure Or a crapped out ecm. If its got a th400 a carb swap should be easy enough with the 1 wire hei.
How much would the scrap value be for this cream puff?
Ok, I am 1 hour and 38 minutes in and I am feeling your pain. Are you sure you didn’t secretly film my son and my self’s adventure in getting a 1996 Lincoln Town car running after it sat for 10 years with a tankful of ethanol fuel?? Time for a wobble pop and a little rest and relaxation!!!
ECT...................  Early TBI on all engines could be a PITA.
can we call this one The White Whale?? Derek's gonna be telling his great grandkids this story..
What?! Derek is human, too! I chuckled at the ’85 Caddie video. That rear brake drum! My first thought when that hood came up – rip it all out and, carburetor! But you climbed that mountain. So close! I kept hearing my life’s mantra, “If I only had the right tool!” (and knew what I was doing) but for once with the mighty Bieri, the machine won. I love your videos - my vicarious way to relive my youth (I’m 73) doing the same stuff (smaller scale) as you. Only you’re more handsome, more knowledgeable, more famous, a prettier wife, more clever kids. But boy did I relate to the car refusing your efforts. Thanks for that vid. Derek! Make it run! Show it who’s boss! Accept no defeat! Spend a million on it!  Or do that July 4th cliff toss thing up in Alaska. Love you, man. I bought a VGG shirt! -Granddad Guardrail
What a piece
i started watching this last night in buffalo ny and fell asleep, had to get up and drive back home 200 miles.. i was anxious to to finish today!! good work i must say and i kno we’ll see this coupe in a future video.. i fell out my chair when that drum did a burnout across O’Reillys floor 😂
put an LS in it
I so remember when I was working on one of these they are a straight nightmare
and after this video masterpiece i can’t find the courage to turn my back on him, not with those brake drum rolling skills and accuracy 😂
Big block swap or Les swap the pain in the arse
Needs a 500 and a Holley Sniper!
I've got a caprice that needs that swap.  Would love to see one done.
Honestly, I would put it on a trailer and bring it over to demolition Matt. Then put fuel jugs and a bunch of tannerite in it and blow it sky high or give it to Whistlin Diesel to "durability test" it.
rip out everything and drop in a 454.. though it would be nice to retain that block.. that straight pipe sound can't be beat..
Man, you had me rolling with that muffler delete 😅😅,  you're definitely not getting invited back to that shop😅.
My 81 deactivated V8-6-4's mpg sentinel still worked and showed 8 cylinders all the time
The GM TBI computers almost never fail, I have seen 2 bad ECMs on them in 20 years of messing with them. That being said the grounds GM used to tie the ECM to the engine are horrible at corroding. Corroded grounds act like a bad ECM and can cause all the solenoids to click from inadequate voltage operating them.  Clean the grounds, change out the coolant temperature sensor and MAP sensor. When they are dumping fuel it is almost always the grounds, the MAP or the CTS has failed and that basically makes the injectors flow near maximum flow. Correct all the vacuum leaks. Change the bumm ignition switch as they can reduce the vacuum to the MAP causing overfueling.  If the fuel is dribbling out of the fuel injectors with them disconnected, I gurantee it has a pinched injector o-ring. I always had better luck installing the lower orings on the injectors with a bit of vasoline and gently tightening the screws a little at a time until they popped into place. I had one of these cars I kept up for an older customer of mine for 15 years. It still ran great with the V8-6-4 function enabled and got great highway mileage for a big old boat. By the time he hung up his keys for good the car had over 300K on it and still ran well. Other than that, find you a carbureted 425, 472 or 500 and drop it right into it.  Hook you up a bypass regulator to regulate the pressure down to 5-7 psi for the Q-Jet and let it rip.
After watching this one Derek your patience was beyond incredible, i take my cap off to you sir👍
Not gonna lie I think this is the only car I've ever seen on the channel that just shouldn't be returned to active service. We commend her for her service.
LS swap it and bring it to the Freedom Factory.
Great attempt! Been working on cars for over 30yrs Rule #1 for any obd1 system when it dumps fuel, unplug the coolant temp sensor for the computer. When they fail, they tell the computer its -39 degrees therefore it dumps the whole fuel tank down it. Then go from there. Would like to see an update on this. Thanks for sharing with us!   P.S. I still have that rear bumper for independence to give to you if you want it.😂   Keep them videos coming but don't over work yourself buddy.
Put a programable fuel injection kit on it..... you messed with that before.....I really REALLY wanna see it run!! 🙂
Wonder if you could use one of those computer testers..? Pex
Computers make our lives so much better right ? NOT...pex
Definitely change the carburetor, and see the magic
carb swop it.
Mouse packed exhaust .. now we know where the hood insulation went.
Great episode, as you say. You win some and loose some. I’d say Sniper it 👍
Passenger side spark plugs!
As a kid, my neighbor had one of those caddy’s. All I can remember is he always had the hood open working on it…. lol….. the most memorable time with that car was when he was trying to track down some issue and he took the hood off, and sat in the engine bay, while he had his son drive down the road. What a sight to see as a kid about 10-12 years old…. 😂
To nice a car not drive.
Those carbs are junk...you and 99.99999% of mechanics agree
Ls swap
Why not put a fuel filter ahead of the injectors?  You can the catch any junk in the fuel line instead of flushing the fuel line right into the injectors.
46:16 I don't understand why u had to take them out to do that???
I think tangerine the computer is the best option.
We even had fire 🔥 😂
Looks like one I’ve been wanting to get running on my dads friend’s property
I’ll bet that the idle problem after a few seconds was the computer thinking it had deactivated 4 cylinders and cutting the fuel.  Since the valve servos were disconnected the car was still running on all 8 but getting the fuel for 4 at idle.
It would be awesome to get this one restored!  Updating the antiquated engine controls with a modern fuel injection system, and replacing the missing plastic trim pieces would make this a great going to town car.
Where's the air filter?
Don't let the Caddy win! I want to see you drive it 500 miles. Put a carb on it and hit the road.BTW: "Whiter than a Celine Dion concert" LOL
Probably bad oil circulation from a damaged oil filter.
Yes please do a carb. Swap.
HOLLY SNIPER!
Hopefully you got it loaded up and found something else along the way home to trade for!!! If not, make a video of it getting swapped over to a carburetor.
I feel your pain. Some you just simply walk away from. And that is one of them. Great effort though.
First time you turn the car on for first time it will go through a learning curb once i get hot it will slow down is like a braking cam period and it will slow  back to normal that happen to me a long time ago I took the battery out t get a new one I left it for a couple of days while waiting on tune up parts and I go crazy until I let it go  running until it did what ever the computer need it to do that car engine is complex to wor on and the fact that you don't have an exhaust on it it makes it worse. Do you know they use the climate control to get to the engine diagnostics and also they use it to adjust timing as well if you hook up the mufflers and open the garage doors that car will run fine after warm up. Also check coolant temp sensor
I kinda like the comment about Tinnerite, maybe 50lbs. 😂😂😂
Seriously, why do always use diesel oil?
Carb swap it
Carb swap it
Carb swap and drive
Carb swap and drive
from my days when we put 350's in jeeps for off-roading in the mountains we would just buy a tbi kit a get rid of everything else
Carb swap
Computers and cars are a bad mix. Mechanics don't understand programming and programmers don't understand internal combustion engines. My 20 year old car drove like a dream until it didn't. The mechanic said the computer says there is nothing wrong! So I had to scrap the car. You can't have a car that stalls even if there is nothing wrong!!! I vote for: Out with the computer and in with a carburetor. Get it running like the good old days without a computer. Make it a Cadillac you can trust.
Methheads can remove a cat in under 2 minutes. Lol😅😅
Maybe because the Alternator is not charging, it ain't sending enough voltage to the Computer.  Just a thought.
12:27 there’s nothing to be afraid of. Edelbrock and ?Crower? developed something like this too? Can’t remember. They did something with 1/2-displacement firing as well somewhere in there. Didn’t work like they wanted, exactly, but it worked.
ECM?
I would like to see an LS swap on that caddy
Replace it with a carb
Sorry for your pain but very entertaining
Good enough is plenty good
Jep, electric Gremlins are very frustrating, but try to change the map sensor, maybe a guy also checks the pump and has the right fuel pressure 😎  Greetings from Germany!
This is why VGG is better than Roadworthy Rescues. I love both, I watch both, but Roadworthy Rescues, like all shows on Motortrend is all about the "Reveal". VGG is all about the process.
I want Derek to run another video on this rig so he can show us what is actually causing this little issue.
That muffler fight was epic. Would have paid for pay per view to see that one.
What a hot piece of garbage that thing is. Its frustrating to work on something you actually like, but to work on this piece and never get anywhere with it is beyond imagination for me. I think id tow it to a crusher and watch it get smashed. GM did everyone dirty on that model. The 80 was probably the worst decade for domestic Quality.
Carb swap would be fun!!  Do away with all that emissions foolishness & bring the old girl back to life!!😁 She looks GREAT!!😉🥃
swap this with carburator
Carb swap please
Honda Accord I owned had a choker seatbelt.. '90 or '91...
Go through the fender well for the sparkurlators. Take tire off and remove the plastic well.
I had a bad TPS on a TBI car and I was ready for a rubber room with that one. The guy at the parts store said they don't go bad..... then I  knew it was bad.
Carb swap that Thang maybe put a blow through carb with a procharver I don't know!!!
Wow! Great effort.  That was surely a Friday afternoon design choice by Mr. Cadillac, I mean 4/6/8….really.  Love the Safety Squint ( ™ VGG ) and the no-singe beard balm for grinding in confined spaces.  Keep calm and carry on!
That was the most epic 10 minute royal rumble throw down against a muffler ever!
I don't remember of you changing the fuel filter!
not to often he takes an ass whoopin like that. guess it's good to keep ya honest. those early afm/dod systems were problematic back then and the newer system they run today are problematic as well. at least gm is being consistent with that cylinder deactivation system. that caddy is way to nice to give up on. i would like to see him remove engine/trans, keep the th400 for another project and source a newer 6.0/4L80E from a boneyard. that would be a sweet ride!
temp sensor every throttle body car i have owned when the temp sensor shits it tells the pcm it -99 degrees and throws the fuel to it
Put the code reader on it!
Please revisit with a good old fashioned carburettor.
Engine swap
Should have just put a 2bbl carb on and a vac advance HEI. Obviously will need a fuel pressure regulator coming off fuel pump.
Had a 1990 Chevy suburban with the broccoli injection, as soon as it started giving me trouble I yanked it out replaced the intake manifold and threw and Edelbrock carb on it was back on the road in no time.
Epic effort. I so badly wanted to see this thing on the road, but it just wasn’t meant to be.
I TAKE THAT V864  OVER A 4100  ANY DAY OF DA WEEK
those cars were sooooo bad !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! electrical nightmares !!!!!!!!!!!
Carb swap please
You asked why TBI didn't last. It's a descent option to add injection and fuel trim to an older block as it's basically just a "smart" carburetor. But you can't adjust the fuel trim cylinder by cylinder, so some will always be a bit off unless you have a rats-ass perfect fuel distribution through the manifold.
Hahahaha! - I loved the brake drum doing a burn-out! Classic. Derek, just put a carb on it and sell it. It's a boat anchor.
Yeah put that thing in your past!
Brilliant entertaining episode, you have more patience than me but I so wanted to see you drive that out of there.
It might be time to come back to it with a Howell TBI kit.
You have a bunch of patience!!  Good job.  Not all projects work the 1st, 2nd,3rd,4th...............................time.  Nice brake drum roll.
What about putting a new model EFI swap, like you would use to convert a carb car to EFI? As for getting the seat back. While setting in the seat, hit the switch while pushing back and "sometimes the seat would go back.
I remember my granddaddy trading in the 1972 Coupe DeVille red with black soft top. Got one of these 1981 Sedan DeVille. It was fancy. First car I ever saw that gave you estimated fuel mileage. I remember granddaddy regretting getting the 1981 because it ran like crap. 😊❤ memories.
Try unplugging the temp sensor. Tbi defaults to really cold when it goes bad and will just try to richen it up as much as possible. Tbi are actually really simple and reliable. Obviously you know more about the car since you are the one working on it but Tbi always looks like it’s just dumping fuel
Rebuilt that throttle body 100 times easier than the old school carburetor
Honestly the 80's are worse. They had 1000's of vacuum lines for EVERYTHING. Had a 86 Eldorado, Rather remarry my x-wife than work on it again.
Respect, my man! Respect! That was an awsome video. I don't think I have seen you try so hard to get a rig running, ever! I would love to see you get rid of the electrodigicals, and put a carb on that puppy.
what a terrible car.
I remember these. They were total junk. My boss had all the GM schools that could be had on them and he still hated them. They were such junk.
change the intake to a carburator type & do away with all those electronic do dads It'll run like atop
Fix the fuel injection! It is already known that it will run with carburetor, but if it can be fixed with the injection, that would be so cool and satisfactory. I would start by replacing every sensor and maybe taking a look at the ECU.
Old electronics suck.  Carb swap it.
Hey Derek, first I want to say awesome video.  Loved the homicidal drum brake.  I have a 1993 Chevy s10 with the TBI setup and if the MAP sensor is unplugged electrically that little pickup will run for about 4 or 5 seconds and shut off just like this Caddy was doing.  Its usually located on or near the air cleaner.  Hope that helps
I had a feeling the tank was going to be in the trunk i don't know why ahaha
Yay another will it run !!! These are the best
It could be working properly but the fact that the exhaust is cut and thus causing the o2 sensor to read a ton of oxygen, it's dumping a ton of fuel as it thinks the air/fuel ratio is lean.  Coolant temp is probably still reading cold so it won't enter the official closed loop mode, but if it's anything like the LS generation ecus, they still have some that are programmed to have the short term fuel trims function from o2 sensor feedback when the engine is cold or still in "open loop."
Love to see a carb swap on it
drum roll!
A bit strange with somebody working the camera.😅
Perfect candidate for a choptop rat rod.
A valiant effort young man. Appreciate the comtent.
I had tears ROLLING down my face when taking off the muffler, I have been in that situation, and it resulted in the exact same response. 😂😂
26:30. The power seat transmission is likely not toast. Its just gummed up by the grease. Basically there are some magnetic clutches that engage the gears depending on what movement you want and these tend to stick with old grease. Its an easy fix. First thing i fixed on my 66 cadillac, now mine is still metal housing, idk bout later on cause i sas a video of yours where the housing on a later model was plastic and had basically exploded into a quadrillion pieces
Omg this one had me rolling. Too funny. Love the show. Thanks for doing a longer episode. What a pain of a car! Carb swap!
Assuming ground side PWM, if the negative wire from the injector is grounding out, then the injector will be stuck open.
You did the right thing
Great exercise in patience. 😊😊😊😊 nice try.
Not likeing this format of the show hope this is just this one
It’s a cool looking car & pretty rust free. A guy should LS swap the thing & drive it
Now they have tried that again with the newer chevy and gmc line of silverados, tahoes, & suburbans and its still junk with the valve systems.
Harder than corn nuts
1:04:26 😂 tetanus fears Derek with how he’s grabbing that muffler
That car is what you call a lemon.🍋
I thought all Caddy’s were front wheel drive after ‘67? Or was that Eldorados?
I would pour a can of trufuel all over it and toss a lit match at it. That thing was making me sit at the edge of my seat with frustration. Hats off to you, you fought valiantly with it till the end 💪🏼💪🏼
😂😂😂😂loved it when brake drum went rollen the looked on your face 😂😂😂😅😊
Dump it, cut your loses.
I had a family member that bought one of those new, he hated it.
After over 2 hours, I don't know if I could ask you to do anything more to that exceptional vehicle. On the other hand. I was anticipating a one wheel peel, and I think you were too. If you can get out from under it for what you have invested, do it. Other wise, card swap that C.A.R.... PG... PG13.... Female dog LOL HAHAHA
Do a carb swap plz
Make money and sell it for $2,023.00 (the year).
Replace GM unit with modern fuel injection.
Ouch. Computer run car are so hard to figure out.  Hope you get to switch the engine and have a great looking car
I learn as much from the ones you don't fix as I do the ones that work. Thanks!
With regards to the 864 functions, yes there was much trouble with this new technology at that time.  But once this feature was disabled by unhooking one connector, the car would run identical the 1980 6.0 368 cube engine.  I bought a used 1981 Fleetwood 4-door in the late 80s. It had the 864 engine and the 864 function was still working fine at 70,000 in this car.  However, I didn`t like the somewhat rough engine operation when it cycled to the 6-cylinder mode, it was very smooth in 4 and 8 modes but not 6.  I ended up disabling the feature by pulling the connector at the transmission.  You can also bridge the same connection with a paper clip at the fuse box if you want.  I was aware of several people that had these engines and once the 864 feature was deactivated, these engines ran fine.
What should you do with it? Give it to Cadillac Dan for a Christmas present!
you gave it a good shot
That car definitely gave you abrun for your money. Although i know those engines are a nightmare id like to see such a low mile car ride again...what about an ls swap or some high horsepower donut maker happener. I had an 85 with a worked cammed 350 ...turned alotta heads
Love all the episodes and appreciate it in any form. This isn’t a complaint but just my preference thoughts.  I wasn’t as crazy about this one with a person filming. The camera was constantly moving instead of the usual.  Either way great episode!
What a great car I’d love to see you gut everything out from underneath the hood, just make it a simple non-smog with a good cam and carb. Or sniper EFI
Get it home and put a good old big block 396/454 in it and trash all the unnecessary junk. Make a great goin to town car. Good luck.
I did not like the "Discovery Channel" feel of this video. I hope it was a one off.
That thing needs a 572 with a 14-71 blower. Those early EFI setups were unreliable when new. Let the thing sit for a couple decades, nightmares will ensue. Worse, the available data necessary to diagnose issues is like unearthing the Holy Grail. Kinda wondering if the wide open exhaust wasn't messing with the 02 sensor and throwing the ECU into some kind of hissy fit.
The cardboard from a cereal box makes a great gasket.
LS with a Holley setup.  Replace all of the plastic bumper fillers, and have a REALLY nice Rattle-ac.
Something different I say fix the tbi and make it the way it rolled out off the assembly line.
The V8-6-4 was pulled in mid production in 81.  In order to keep things going, GM decided to use an Oldsmobile 350 for the rest of 81 in the Cadillacs.  I had the opportunity to own an 81 coupe deville with a factory Oldsmobile 350.  A good car with good reliability.
Great effort. Motor swap time.
Love Caddys, but that one gotta go. Unless dare I say LS swap? I was more pissed off at the car then he was 😂 Unless fancy words were thrown around behind the scenes.
They don't make mufflers like they used too.  Hahaha
long time ago I had a  89 chev truck that the temp sensor (This one was for the fan by the thermastat) was faulting all it would do is flood the truck full spay , took forever to figure it out, 20 dollar part and started right up as soon as i changed it. I know this doesn't have an electric fan but if it has a temp sensor maybe that could be it. also my dad owned a 8 6 4 caddy and all it was all problems until he had the 8 6 4 system disabled so it just ran on 8, not sure how the garage did it  but the car ran fine for years afterwards.
Show us a carb swap!
i think we can all agree that derek’s tenacity and passion should be applauded, if i had these problems i would have shut the hood for the day, and started in on a CASE of cold snacks you are a rare breed derek!!
I don't comment much, but wow this video was great. I love when the unexpected happens. I saw you struggle with the injectors and immediately thought well, we won't learn about how some of the first mainstream (apart from, I think, earlier Corvettes) fuel injection worked. He'll just get a carb swap, which is understandable. Instead you stuck with it. I love it when people do their best to preserve history, even if that history was full of issues. You have such a unique way of working on cars and as someone who can't see, I love that you take the time to explain what you're doing, why you're doing it and what should, in theory, happen when you're done. I learned more in this 2 hour video than I learned in all of my automotive shop courses in high school. Your knowledge needs to be passed on. Sadly this seems to be a somewhat dieing art. Not sure about anyone else, but hearing those valves slide and click was fascinating to me. Also just weird.  I'm guessing most parts for the efi system are unobtainium and if they aren't, they are sky high in price. Sad as it may be (or maybe gooder, better) I vote in future a carb conversion.  Thank you for doing what you do. You've provided hours and hours of not only valuable knowledge but great entertainment and preserving a little bit of history in a way that literally anyone can tune in to and enjoy. That's a skill not a lot possess.  Take care and be safe out there. Keep finding interesting rigs to get back on the road again.
Man that’s a bummer! You gave it more than I’d be willing to put into it.. I’d be figuring out a way to put a carburetor and a regular HEI distributor in it if possible. Looks like a clean car. It’s a shame to not get it going. Look forward to a future video of it
The horn sounds a Bb
Wow , much respect wrastling that thing as much as you did , the entire time I was thinking throw a foookn' carb on that pos  🕶
This had to be one of the most patience testing engines for you ever, props to you for sticking with it.
Apairanly some people took my comment the wrong way vicegrip has more patience than me and i ❤ the show my comment is what i wood do with a 4 6 8 they are bad replace lifters and delete electronics and they run great 👍lots of power 😊
No wonder a fella couldn’t get it out of that garage! The engine in that thing is a 💣!!
Hmm drop a nice LS7 in it and have a give away drawing or contest of some sort. It would make a fun concrete cruiser.
Don't give up on it. This is a perfect candidate for a carb swap hot rod.
As awful as this car has been to you they actually have a unique place in history. They are the last American cars with a big block V8 and THM 400. I’d do some research and try one more time to get it running right. If that fails (it will) try to carb it or LS swap it. It’s an awesome going to town rig.
same exact problem that i fought for months. coolant temp sensor. i replaced everything, even tested and had a good reading on the coolant temp sensor that was in it. forum after forum i finally took others advice and replaced it. fixed it right away. mind still boggled. need to change it. its right on the intake manifold. great work. love the channel.
I would take it home and change the computer and replace all the vacuum lines. It’s a super clean car to just give on.
The engine was ok, as long as you disconnected the cylinder management system, smaller cube version of the 425. This was the EV problem of the day, notice they STOPPED making them wink wink lol 😂
Who was running the camera?
tannerite explosion on the next VGG !!!
Gut that crap out and drop in a 4bt 😁
That was a great episode!  But you should have let it burn down when the tbi caught fire.  Those 8/6/4 engines are the worst.
Anybody else solo air guitar the intro song?
I have an adapter plate for you that you can put on that TBI just let me know if you want it
We know for sure now, dereknis not the one running around stealing everybodys catalytic conconverters..
Can a guy get a scan tool or Master ASC Certified mechanic? Lol
Who is on the cam? Whoever it is they doing a good job. Making it more enjoyable to watch.
The back two spark plugs on the passenger side require engine or ac system removal to change. I bought a 1981 Caddy 4-6-8 in 2002 that still had the factory plugs in those holes. I did manage to change them but it took a whole day and the loss of alot of skin.
Dereck, This is why I love this channel.Always the truth no bs, it is what it is. Would like to see if you could pull the tbi out add a carb. Best of luck>
I needed a big shot of whiskey after watching this one. Salute to Derek
Alot of times 20+ year old ECMs just have blown capacitors in them and can be replaced pretty easily. Fixed two components on my '94 by doing that.
We’ve seen you break down a few times 🤣 but I feel this one pushed you close to a human breakdown. Man you stuck it out. Some big laughs in this episode too. Appreciate your work sir. 🫡
Hi Derek really enjoyed this one you really did try everything, I'd say put a carb on it, best of luck cheers 🥂
The White Buffalo comes alive!!! Well maybe😂
Carb swap. Remove the Atari 2600 in there.
If the coolant temp sensor is bad on TBI cars, the pcm will default to like -40F and dump fuel.
God love ya buddy, you've got way more patience than I do. I think you could have put a small block chevy in that thing and been on the road with a lot less heart ache. Thanks for all the great content
On my bmw IVC was bad it has rpm up.
😂 the exhaust and drum scenes 💀  I think we learned here today that this car is truly one of the worst Cadillac/GM has ever made.
Carb swap it that's what I did with my TBI I have zero regrets
I love to watch you problem solve these issues - it’s like some mystery oil in your brainium! You don’t know what’s in it, it’s a mystery!
I would’ve let it keep burning and walked away….😂
Derek when you get home different motor and trans you have other caddys or chevy motors that car is great other then the running gear keep the rubber side down.
“This thing has more junk than shakira has in the trunk” 😂😂
DUDE!!!!! Team up with Demolition Ranch 😂 u know what to do.
I say you give it to Demo Matt. He'll know what to do with it. OR you can give it to those fellars with the monster trucks!!!
The struggle is real 😂
When I was in Cali, a young green tech, we had a small fleet of Chevy Caprice station wagons and 4 doors, with carbs., that a school used to carry students.  There was nothing worse than having to do an intake manifold gasket on one of those.  Vacuum hoses for days.  The Early carbureted Hyundais were awful too.
Just run it with a carburetor don't struggle its better. You know you know
Demo Derby Car!
Engine swap it to something that doesn’t use a computer. Aka carburetor
Lol the Office Space movie reference lol.
The first time I have seen Derek beaten and as a none American I reckon this pile of complex junk should be returned to sender, I doubt it will sell as its reputation seems to travel before it.
Drag it home and swap in 500 ci caddy motor .
When the brake drum ran across the floor, it brought back fond memories of 20 inch gear blanks shooting out of lathes at GM and causing grown men to scream like little girls jumping out of the way...  It Was OUTSTANDING!  But How The Heck Did It Miss The Tripod???
I know the car sat, maybe thats why the oil filter didnt want to come off so easy, but people reslly be putting oil iflters on WITH the oil filter wrenches.... Guys, if you put an oul filter on with your hand strength, no matter how hard you put it on with your hands, you will always get it off with a filter wrench. Stop using a filter wrench to put filters on!
Paul from Fab Rats is converting an LS 5.3 with a kit that stops the 8/6/4 non sense. l wonder if theres a delete kit for those old ones and what juice newton is doing today?
This car is definitely hunted!!!! O.O
My grandfather has one of these for I think 2 years hated it. Traded it in for a buick.
The ECU is on the passenger side floor behind the compartment thing. The contacts and connectors always corrode. Pull it off, clean the board side with a WHITE eraser. Give the connector some love too. Inspect the board, look for swelled caps or other burntness.  We used to swap out the intakes with a carburated 368 manifold. I believe I've swapped on 425 manifolds, but not certain. I do know from experience, you Cannot get away with running the TBI manifold with an adapter + carb. It never would run right that way.
I love the show but the death test while under it is a little questionable I check befor I get under the project kinda the point
Whereas the engine management didn't even work well in the 1980s, I was thinking from the beginning that you would convert it to a traditional engine setup with new ignition and carburetion. Seeing the condition of the bumper fillers, what would possibly still work within all those complex engine systems?
I live in Arkansas and I think I just saw a brake drum rolling down the road, sparks flying everywhere.
Yep, those tbi's are a pain in the butt, sound to me like the ECU is smoked or possibly not grounded correctly. Anyway, Just LSize it and get it over with... good luck man, and great job figure it out without codes. Lol
Don't buy this car and try to get it back on the road. No matter what. Gotcha. LOL
I worked on those cars when I was like 20 years old at the Cadillac dealership. I hated them then and watching you just brings back. Bad memories. because I did all the same things you’re doing with holding your head thinking why am I working on this car?
Preludes had those seat belts.  Also the early 90's camrys had those neck chocker seat belts too. But this caddy is beautiful.  I have always loved this style caddy.  And the El Dorado.
You need to add dust masks and face shields or safety goggles into your tool boxes !
Sounds like a job for Ivan @PineHollowAutoDiagnostics
Sounds like you’re not too excited  about the vehicle overall. If you liked it, I’d say carb or motor swap it. Otherwise, might as well sell it
in case your a young one "map pockets" are what held the old fashioned gps or as we called them " paper road maps" lol gave it the old college try chin up chest out back straight lol
If it smells like eggs, then your catalytic converter is blocked and it’s bad
You did a hero's job of trying to get this thing back on the road. I think it's more aggravation than it's worth and you're probably ready to see it go away, so make it go away and find something fun to work on. As a viewer, I have more fun when you have more fun.
Should have let it burn and gone for a curry and a few ales. Great effort Derek, this was clearly a pretty awful setup even when new. Better luck next time. That said, throw all those stupid hoses away and put a modern management system on it, and it could be kinda fun.
carb conversion or new efi
He was a smoker, so now we know why there was an estate sale. Frickin cigarettes..
The brake drum spin definitely needs to be made into a short.
I respect you for trying but my parents had a couple 80s caddies and they were trash. The time you spent would have better on matches and marshmallows. Not all vehicles are worth saving.
Derek cracking up laughing when the brake drum come off and then the who ever behind the camera was clearly laughing also with the shaking absolutely sent me into a laughing fit 🤣🤣🤣
I'd like to see a carb swap see if u can get her going she's mint in the inside and outside seems like it's just the engine
Noted it ran good for awhile after you fingered banged the coolant sensor acts like it thinks it’s-41 deg fail number the ecu goes to on a open circuit
Great job Derek! That drum was a classic! Just a thought if you ever bother with trying to do the 8/6/4 check all the grounds out, I know it happens on newer pcms . Anyways great job as always , Never give up!
Funny as hell man I love it
carb carb carb
Also, Derek you need a mask
LS SWAP
The Bricklin went farther ......
I think it needs a 81. 496 big block in it
I would love to see a carb swap
LS Swap
Derek, the main sensor on the early GM fuel injection systems used to determine how much fuel to inject is the MAP sensor.  First suggestion is just to unplug it and see if that gets you closer to injecting the right amount of fuel.  Second suggestion would be to replace it.
Safety squints!!! Lol!!  I’m squinting while I watch…… man I’ve gotten sparks in my eye twice!! From grinding! I had to have it drilled out with a drill. Both times!! They tell you….”Don’t move. Stare at something on the wall.” While they touch your eyeball with a dentist drill!!! True story!! I’ve got close up pics if you want to see them!!!   Love your show Derek!!!!
Carb swap
got one of these cars in the early 90s for free if I could get it running I could have it! pulled my hair out for two weeks. Got it running with one of the injectors unplugged and drove it home that way. I was happy to see the junkyard show up and thanked a guy.
AWESOME💥💥💥💥💥👌
Safety glasses would be good
oOF! Da!, well I hope you get that engine figured out. I never like seeing so much sensors, electronics gizmos and hoses running all very the top of a engine that you can’t see any engine underneath it all. Keep up the great work and Merry Christmas
The automatic seat belts were an option, but they were the completely door mounted variety like all GM cars eventually got.  My first car was a hand-me-down 81 Coupe DeVille that didn't have reverse on the TH400, a bad shift modulator, and deactivated modulated displacement.  I read the owner's manual and supplements many times.  Mine was seaspray green (like baby blue, but green) inside and out.  Mine was optioned a bit differently with the vinyl roof not covering any of the back window and had opera lights (unless this car has had the vinyl replaced with one designed for the Fleetwood Coupe and they forgot to put the opera lights back... Hmm)...  Mine also had a factory sunroof, which could explain the different vinyl roof.  It also had bad trunk struts for the heavy trunklid that had extra weight applied as a faux-continental kit on top of the trunk, which broke the pulldown I noticed this one doesn't have, so my trunk wouldn't be closed most of the time.  It also had a bad climate control that wouldn't turn the fan on, so it was so cold in Iowa winters.  I had one of those little plug in defrosters I'd hold while driving to keep the window cleared.  Oh, and that map pocket is a trash can.
Paint markings on the brakes are most likely torque marks confirming the worker torqued the fastener
"There's so much mouse nest in my mouth...I can feel it in my teeth"....Words that should never be spoken, and also a new sentence to add to the English language.
When ever has a wet willy not worked? (referring to tho O ring thing)
Maybe Derek can buy a Cadillac with the 5.7 liter Diesel next .... to get it  crossed off his GM good idea on paper total failure in the real world bingo card ...
Such a self induced government nightmare. The definite beginning of the end of Cadillac.
Love the video. As a mechanic with 43 years of bad experience,  i feel your pain! That Caddy would be so cool to cruise in!! I'd either convert to a carbed 368, or LS swap. Im done
we do things haft-way around here and that is good enough    love it
I’m surprised that piece of junk injection system and stupid multi cylinder stuff even lasted for a year ..
I'd like to see if a computer change would help 🤠
Wet my pants when that drum came off 😂
How do you keep your cool. I would have had a massive meltdown, and ended up in a mental hospital. Respect!!!!
Before a Carburetor, please check on your MAP sensor. A common issue in those years, a bad Map on an otherwise Good Engine will also make it run poorly. Do some more rootin' around Derek and NEVER say NEVER. it will be fine
A perfect reminder why it is not worth trying to work through all the 80s smog equipment - best bet is just to strip out all the electronics and computers
I recently sold my 1994 Chevy truck with a 350 and TBI.  I tried everything  and just wanted to set it on fire.  Finally gave up and sold it to a buddy of mine and got a 73 K10 4 speed 350 truck.  He claims he got running ok but I did too until it didn't want to run right again.  Never again will I go with fuel injection.  Great video!
Im impressed you managed to keep your cool like you did I would of lit it on fire and pushed it of a cliff honestly just sell it and be done with it 👍
LS Swap It!
How did this car get so rusty under the hood?
Never drove one of these but my buddy had an 83 coupe deville with the 4100 and you could run faster than that thing.
WTH is with all the commercials
Thanks for the video.  Good luck with this one.
Love your channel and am always in awe seeing what you manage to get running. But computer-controlled engines are very complicated, you must have the training, knowledge and test equipment to work on them with success.  You are a superb mechanic with old school engines.  There's plenty out there.  Would love to see you slap a carb on it though. Do it!  Thanks for the great videos.
Not gonna lie. I guy was enjoying some bourbon and it was about to hit, when the muffler part came on.  😂 OMG !!
Put a QuadraBog on to Her!
What would it take to strip that engine to the bare metal and try to make it a regular v8
Body’s great but the brains are shot … sounds like the story of my life … nope … body’s shot, brains are shot.  Anyway, maybe you should make her into a low rider
Don't forget you didn't check the sparks on the passenger side
I've seen many of them in my career, and every one I worked on was, and still is, junk. Tape a nickel to it and throw it away, it'll make you feel like you actually threw something away. Or put a real 472 or 501 in it and have a nice Caddy.
I worked at a GM dealership when this car was new. A big complaint from Cadillac owners with the 8,6,4 system even if it was in perfect order was the continuous incessant lurching and hesitations from the transmission shifting up and down and the torque convertor locking and unlocking while the engine was shifting from 8 to 6 to 4 cyl. modes and back. The smooth rolling Cadillac ride was compromised without any significant gains in fuel mileage.
This was such a great episode because you really looked challenged.  You make carbs look so easy that it was great to see you problem solve again.  Absolutely loved it.
I could have saved you a lot of time. My friend had this car. What it needs is about 1/2 gallon of gas and a match. If you light the interior, it will burn faster.  I hope that helps.
We cant win em all Mate, big thumbs up for having a go, LS it and throw it in the next demo derby
I wanna see a carb on it
This is why I seldom work on my own cars because this is how it normally goes for me no matter what I'm trying to do! LOL Serious props for staying after it as long as you did!
Looked like a TBI 220, in 1981? Whaaaaaaaat? It's a shame it didn't have an ALDL connector you could short the pins on and read the blinky blink codes.  The only other thing I could think of, and maybe you did it and I missed it, was to unplug the coolant temp sensor and see if you saw any behavior difference.  The newer units I believe "Guessed" what a missing sensor value SHOULD be based on other sensor values, depending on which sensor was out of range.  If "spray-a-palooza" stopped after unplugging coolant temp, you might be able to stabilize it.  I had similar behavior with a Ferd with the "EEEEEEEEEEK 4".  Turned out I was right about the coolant temp sensor, but the replacement made no difference.  Took it to a mechanic, and he replaced the bad out of box sensor, and it purred like a kitten after that.  Would love to take that one off your hands, what a piece of history! (For better or worserrrrrest)
Great effort on this one; even in 1981 when I first saw the ads for this "V-8-6-4" option, I thought, "Oh, this'll work just fine!"  I think it was a nod to fuel economy, after the 1979 oil shortage nudged gas up to $1.00/gallon (we also got the infamous Cadillac Cimarron, gussied-up "J" car around then).  As you found out, that right rear drum rolled farther than the car did, and then it tried to burn itself to the ground in that final scene...Nice shape, though; as others suggested, probably a carb-swap, or Holley EFI unit; good going-to-town rig!
Wouldn't the car digicals primarily run on the chargelator, whilst it boils the battery, in that 80s technology whizz  thingy?
Dumping fuel might be a bad MAP sensor.
My wife came in and asked why I was screaming "DISCONNECT THE 864"
i want to see you strip a highly electonic/computer car down to the mere basic to make it run.   delete all the computers and make the ls run or the such
Funny to see you are more revolted by cigarette ash than mouse and rat shit.
I think we would all like to see you take the family on a much needed (and well deserved) vacation (at least 1-2 weeks). Go camping, to Disneyworld, or anywhere where you can relax and have some fun and rejuvenate without the pressure. I totally understand making $$$ to pay the bills but sometimes you just need a break. Awesome content as always. The 8-6-4 was the worst. Never heard anything positive about them.   Happy Holidays Everyone,  Cheers, Jeff (Garage Maker Guy)
Sorry you had a tough time brother ,,brake hub trucking out of there was cool , reminds me of my self lol,you earned a wobble pop or 2 for that crazy stuff brother.
A lot of people like to BS about all the problems they supposedly had with these engines.  These will run just the regular 368 when 864 is deactivated.
After a guy got that piece of metal in his eye he did good for awhile with safety glasses but not I see he is back to safety squints.😂
As watching , and seeing something to the same effect. When cranking it over ,and seeing the TBI and TBS act that way the starter was pulling voltage down on the cpu (or what ever they called it) .Then trying to clear codes ,new alternator,pulling off ground to reset,the variable valve switches disconnected ,to all points to a Very Bad Ground issue with the cpu,or the whole ground system. An oscilloscope connected on the input voltages ,then on the outputs should be able to tell if you had a bad ground or severely compromised computer. Get a Fluke meter hook up to battery watch for severe voltage drop . Get an amp meter hook to positive to starter for how many amps it draws ,too much  and the system fails. I read that the cpu runs off 5 volts ,but where is the tap to knock it down to 5 volts. All those cut wires,dash problems ,shorts or faulty ground .It would take a very long time and the engineering schematics to test. Fluke meter,Fluke amp meter always have them on hand. This is theory ,but that car is a basket case. The wires in the engine bay out of the wire loom ,it was exposed to check voltage signals. Taking the negative off and reconnecting makes it seem like a voltage drop problem. The computer resets as it gets its voltage and runs,disconnecting wires the voltage jumps ,computer runs. ( ground on the cpu housing,bad ground on the wire loom,very bad ground from battery,or no ground from battery to on board system). All theory but need schematics.
Comment........Those are Oldsmobile hubcaps...just saying.......
You are awesome, like you said you win some you loose some, now you know why it was a one year only engine because of all the problems with that engine.
I've owned 3 - 70's Caddi's. Had issues along the way but nothing like that! At some point I was wondering if having no exhast was the issue and the computer was reading a problem because of lack of back pressure on the engine. I feel for you brother! Those days are hard to stay calm. Have been watching you for years and being 66 years old I get how a fellow would want to stick with older cars. Good for you for trying.  Bill
I'd like to see you do an LS swap, or just a plain old 350 dropped in.
Need to finish the other Caddie really 😢
Keep the feature do a part 2 if that pos boat runs.
Derek - How you talked about chasing problems on what the ECU does, I do the same on my 1990 corrado. Your a OBD1 guy now. Great job.
2:03:10 😂😝😝 That’s a first for me, the stoppilator drum had enough! I’m outta here 😆
Needs a engine swap. 500 cad with a Holley sniper
Derek do you think since the alternator isn't charging right there might be a problem getting the right amps to some of the 300 different sensors maybe? That possibly could be one reason it won't run right?
Holley 600 CFM refurb.  Nuff said.
I get the sense that whoever pulled that fuel tank hadn't the slightest idea of what they were doing, and/or got frustrated at GM's design and build choices and just took a sawzall to it out of frustration. I only ever owned one TBI vehicle, a 1988 GMC Jimmy, and it seemed pretty well behaved... I didn't have it for long though because some jerk stole it. Also, pretty sure someone out there is going to turn Derek yelling "NO!" at the engine into a meme.
I liked the tannerite idea.
LS swap
It’s clean.  Do a carb swap.
10 minutes of muffler cracked me up hahahaaaaa
best one yet
F that car lol
2:00:03 Maybe shoulda grabbed 2 new remanned starters 🤷‍♂️
I haven't laughed this hard in years, thank you Derek!
JUST when a guy thought he was tossing himself a softball, he popped that air cleaner cover off, and it was all down hill from there.
The new Turd Ferguson.
Smart move not attempting the drive home... Whip out that engine and donate it to a Cadillac museum and throw in a small block. Or a big block. Cruise to the tavern in style... 👍
It ran after you disconnected and reconected the coolant sensor if its bad or a corroded conection the computor thinks its -40 F outside thus the reason for the extra fuel spray.
It's nice to see a video not working out once in a while. It just goes to show no matter how hard you try things just don't go the way you want them😔
Just like the Northstar engine.
As a life long mechanic I feel your pain; carb swap that pig and drive it!
Only goes to show what happens when politics get involved with the auto industry  Courageous attempt Derek pull out the injection and the hoses and get it running on all 8
Brilliant film Derek. Not gonna lie, I actually spat a mouthful of coffee when the rear drum tried to run out the workshop! 🤣🤣 All the best from Nottingham,  UK.
You're one very brave guy trying to tackle that antique MDS. Is there a way of deleting the MDS and going for a full time 8 banger?
That  car is cursed brotha...
Fascinating to see that VW's "Blue Motion" engines aren't a new thing, but something from the 80s.  Also, congrats on finally getting sponsored by O'Rilley!
So 26 years later GM never learned from their cylinder cut off mistake. My truck has the v4 mode. Can’t wait to rebuild it and delete on that
Gotta love those late 70s through 80s attempts at electro digitals! Just call it and burn it to the ground 🔥
Reliability.... Luxury.... We are Cadillac... I got a chuckle out of that line.
OK I AM GONNA SAY IT. How about fixing up some of the gems you have rotting away in the rusty acres. We have been waiting to see what you are gonna do with a ton of unique cars and trucks.  Sadly we see them rotting in your field instead of the field you drug them out of.  Basically they were dug out of one grave to be put in another.  The Studebaker firetruck, Betty White etc it is sad to see. Maybe save some traveling expense and film episodes of COMPLETED projects. I bet they would bump you towards the 2 million subscriger mark!  LOVE what you do THANKS
Injectors
Drumroll, please...  hahahahahaha
My wife has many times walked into my leather workshop and found me weeping in frustration at not being able to stop my old Singer dropping stitches and I almost wept for you whilst watching the whole thing whilst I worked ! I was sure you were going to finally stumble on something obvious and scoot home but I was wrong...but it's got to be something !
Do me a favor Derek PLEASE save your eyes and use safety glasses or better yet goggles when using a cutoff. or grinding wheel
Who's filming
A carburetor and a set of twunna foze and jamarius would drive it forever.
Replace that wonderful engine with a corvette engine. A true sneaker. And move that seat back.
Please do an episode of pulling the motor and destroying it, Then a Cummins  swap into the Cadillac!!
Toyota Cressidas have those seatbelt tracks you're talking about. Canadian models did not have them, I happen to own a Canadian model.
Get rid of the extra stuff (electronics and hoses), do a carb swap, and get rid of the computer. Definitely disconnect (remove the 8/6/4 feature).
Replace the injectors.
Tune in next week Same derek channel..........😂
Wow! You were trying so hard!
The soundtrack for this  episode is awesome.
Edelbrock 600 on top of a standard 350.
Wow! Thanks for giving us a close up tour, camera person, and for Derek teaching us so we don't have to go through the guesswork with an old TBI.
Not worth your time Derek. Just a POS running or not.
Is swap it
Take this mint car, rebuild engine, and put it back to a carbureted  engine
2nd time a feller has been right next to my home. Maybe sometime I'll see ya round. Thanks for the videos man much appreciated
Should have used safely glasses working on the caddy...nope!
Don't forget , it needs a new AIr Filter
Great video, not so great a car with all of the complexity in the systems. Seems it would be easier to just rip all that stuff under the hood out, and turn it into a normal carbureted engine. Folks might want to see that.
Hope you're clear of the tornadoes
Are those engines related to the 472? I'm just sayin...
2 hour video with a commercial every 5 minutes.....
Hey Derrick, am sick in bed (day three) with the flu. This new video is making me feel better, at least mentally
Hey VGG, my car blew up. Will it run and drive 500 miles home?
just love how  the camera shakes whenever Derek makes a joke 🙂
Hey Derek, why not swap out the engine in this car for the engine from the car Fab Rats recently gave you?
mulch iit..... or there is tanerite😅
That is why I drive a Toyota 4 banger.  Easy to work on.
Lol... this was great... it's my life story😅😅😅😅
Has more junk than Shakira has in the trunk as far as accessories in the front. Poetry that brings a small tear to the eye.
Don't let IT win!!
This is exactly why I lost all hope with 80 model cars.  Eliminate the computer, Please......
The gm TBI is actually incredible. One of the single most dependable fuelies ever made. GM realized this, and got rid of it. 🤣
New carb.
She’s a rambunctious little devil
Sell it and get any other car,  which is more worthy of your time.
Hey! I’d be interested in the Cadillac! Let us know what it takes to get it bought! Thanks!
Seems like the critters from the Alien films...could suffocate you and/or burn you with its acid blood.
The amount of commercials is getting ridiculous.
I’ve seen ALL of your videos….i was feeling your pain on this one.  Please rent a huge crane and lift that Caddy as high as possible and drop it!  LOL!
I was surprised you were so concerned about this thing having a proper fuel tank. You usually just drive them home on a boat tank set up. LOL!
Carb swap means "rig it up Derick".   Show how to convert to a real engine.  Or put a propane conversion kit on it.
Springfield,MO. Great mexican restaurant down town!!!!!
I would love to see the old caddy carb swapped 👍
This Caddy is a Cream Puff!!! Mint condition!! Definitely a going to town rig!!!!!!
It is a nice car other than that crappy 4--6-8 fiasco.  I vote for deleting the engine and putting a different year caddy or chevy or anything into it other than one with an engine computer in it.  Must realize that this was made before microprocessors were in use.
This is to nice of a car to not bring it back. Pull the motor and put a sbc in it
Put a carburetor on it
Has anyone, instead of putting the filler panel back in, just frenched(recessed in) the tailights and bumper?
Man, you looked so exhausted after that muffler wrestling..badum tss..( I show myself out..)
😷 ( HINT ) face mask or die young without breath , you choose
Was this car flooded under water? Certainly looks that way
Too bad youall tried your best. Enjoyed  video. Kinda reminds  me of 78 new Yorker I had with lean burn system.
Don't waste anymore time on this heap of junk... Get Betty White to show standard!
Is Jessica filming these now?
My favorite episode yet! Sipping coffee watching you struggle never has been so satisfying! I almost threw a wrench for you!
Perfect candidate for a complete engine and all associated "junk" pull and drop in a 6.0 Escalade motor.
Cold winter nights.  Ideal rig for setting fire to it in a field.  Gutted the electodigicals managed to kill off your time on it. You can’t win them all I guess. Great episode.
this car is clearly telling Derick, I'm retired. I want to stay retired. I don't want to go on a vacation. I don't want to see the highways again. Leave me alone.
i think a carb conversion is in order!
Tuff one , thanks for the education on this nightmare. It still a solid car it appears.
Boy, what an episode, Derrick, you have the patience of a saint. I about died laughing when the rear drum flew off!! I guess you’re right, you can’t win ‘em all. After the vid, a Cadillac commercial came on,OMG. KEEP UP THE GREAT VIDS.
I had an 82 fleetwood brought d'elegance 2 door hard top coupe. Same as this, except the rear window was in the middle of the roof not off to the front or rear.
What next?  A 350 small block diesel?
6.2 liter LS swap this rig and make a tire recycling machine out of it
Wrong fuel pump & pressure too high?
I can't believe they abandoned  this thing in 81 then turned around and put the same crap back on all gm v8s and v6s in the mid 80s
Whiter than a Celine Dion concert…….now that’s funny  . 😆
Youll be lucky if you get 50 bucks for that old GM bead cat
As a driveway "mechanic" I can feel the need for those gutteral annoyance sounds you're making in my very soul! Nothing like working on some shitbox trying to figure out why it's not doing what it should be doing, or doing things it should NOT be doing and the damn thing fighting you every step of the way XD  Keep up the vids Derek, they are both VERY entertaining and educational! Greetings from Holland!
That's vas baaad and tight
Nice studio gotta admit but it’s kinda lame they don’t have a lift…
Ya I would totally just get that thing goner . Them old one of ones are a tuff road.
Finally met his match 🙂
When the rear drum flew off i almost died cant laugh from haveing the flu but it was hilarious 😂 😂 loved it
It needs a big block with carb.
Trade you for a 1996 f150 title and all it's on my channel let me know
Those are some fancy Oldsmobile 98 hubcaps on that Caddy.  It’s not your fault, that engine, it’s computer, everything in it…won’t work.  They didn’t run when new.  LS swap it.  Lol
That muffler put up a fight for it's life
Problem is, after all the work and money trying to revive this thing, you would still have something no one wants.
Drinks gas  from the pump
This is why I don't do anything over 1979, Stay within your knowledge and you'll be much more happier,..  Probably NOT! 😂
Sweet car just strip the junk under the hood and I see Holley term in there. That thing is a keeper. Boys can take it to prom ?!
Wait did he say "Terminator brocolli engine!!????"
swap with a 350 and sell it 😂
502 swap
Looks like another candidate for an LS swap.
The drum brake rolling through the shop has to become part of the into to all the videos
Man that injector mounted on the intake manifold instead of a carburetor offers no advantage. Even in ww2 german fighters had direct cylinder injection. Put a carb on it or real injectors not some carb wannabe.  I bet a few dozen hours in you wanted to toss those injectors and bolt a carb on! Then to find out no kit was available
I would have replaced the injector unit if possible.  flushed the lines good before even trying to start it.  And as you said computers can be an issue.  Along with all the sensors that have sat all of the years.
for the plugs on the passenger side if you remove the wheel you can get to them through the wheel well. Have it towed to Eric O, he loves those challenges...
Sparks in the face!! I laughed so hard!
The fight with the muffler😂😂
This is why all of these modern cars wont' be worth squat in 20 years.
bet the ECU is full of bad electrolytic capacitors. there is this fellow youtuber shango066 who does vintage radio and tv reapir and he also works as an auto emission tester mechanic and hes solved some weird ecu issues casued by bad capacitors.  check out the handful of ecu repair videos he has on his channel
I had one with the old ht4100 motor. That thing was horrible!
Is it possible to put an older engine in it ?
This was the hardest I’ve seen you fight something for a while maybe ever!!!! Mad respect
the wasp nest in the background approx 56 min in. Classic VGG.
I’m a titch older than you, and I’ve NEVER seen goofy valve covers like that!!! 😂
Would love to see this issue get figured out,
Man. I hate to see you struggle. I am guessing that the COOLANT TEMP SENSOR is bad. I assume. This car has similar setup as my 1985 Mustang CFI. My car was dumping fuel, wouldn't run properly, even after rebuilding the TBI. Unplugged one injector, it would run, but like crap. Lol sound familiar? Now I replaced both temp sensors, and it runs GREAT! The computer thinks the engine is cold, dumping more fuel like a choke. That sensor corrects the too much fuel issue. 🤷‍♂️
Those look like Oldsmobile hub caps
Derek, where did you get your patience from? Is that brake drum still rolling down the road?
Well you tried your best but it seems like 1981 computers are just way too advanced technology for the modern day. Clearly it needs to go back to be plugged into the alien mothership to be reset correctly. I think slapping on a carb to get it to run is probably the best option or wind the clocks back to 49,000miles and call it in for it's 50,000mile warranty service.
Great video. I think you should LS swap it...yeah, LS swap it.
It's the first time I've actually seen you seriously get frustrated and I don't blame you She's a complicated unit A lot of guys would have gave up in the first half an hour
toss a carb on it, rip some donuts
Is that the green and black toolbox from hobo freight I've been drooling over?
Honest to God....I would have already set that $1800 on fire after about 3 hours. Derek is a man of patience... and constant sorrow.
58:10 NEW RECORD for WAYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY too much! LOL favorite part always.
Memories.  Sad to see this outcome again...  My father, a Cadillac man,  had the same car, in pristine condition, (I believe mid to late 90s), never got that engine to work right and ended up yanking it out and putting a 70s caddy engine in it.
Carb swap it then demo derby it till it's dead then pull the carb and leave it for the monster trucks to smash 😂😂
To me this one seemed like your hardest one ever
Darn it’s so simple, you forgot to do the O2 sensor preload. Most people didn’t know but on the 4/6/8 engine it’s very sensitive to that. Once you install the new O2 sensor you need to torc it to 500 foot pounds then a 1/2 turn. Once that is done exactly use the GM computer reset tool or you can take an open ended wrench, 14mil and lay it from the positive side of the battery to the negative side and leave there till the wrench is a bright red. The bright red color indicates the computer is reset and you can then drive home.
I love that the camera man chuckles at “shrek’s wedding ring”
All else fails putt an LS in it.
Put a different engine in it and scap the existing one
Wow mate this was a tough one...
My mother owned one when a guy was knee high to a nat, I remember she didn’t own it very long and came home one day driving a shiney new Oldsmobile Vista Cruiser… loved that wagon….
The muffler removal had me in stitches. 🐁 My favorite episode so far. Great work!!!
I have to hand it to you, you have the patience of a saint. Knowing that was one of GM's biggest pieces of crap in terms of a motor. It's right up there with the genius idea of the 350 diesel pickup motor that they made. I'd be seeing what the car goes for at scrap price or having a junkyard come get it. It might be a good candidate for a used 350 or 305 swap though.
You are a very funny man sir😂
After consulting numerous mechanics. We all agree that one year was waaaaaay to long for that engine. The amount of time it runs before it quits is to long as well. Throw a horse in it and send it to the dog food canning co.🤣😀😎 Great video, Derek.
The frustration of trying to straight pipe a rusty Cadillac
I have a 1989 TBI C1500, that wouldn’t idle, unless you put foot to the floor, on the first start up. I remember my professor saying that on a cold start, the coolant temperature sensor is the very first sensor the computer reads until it goes into closed loop with the O2 sensor. Sure enough, I checked the data port on it. It was reading dead hot, so the computer was completely dumping fuel. Looked like that is what you were fighting.
As a mobile mechanic in the 80-s and 90-s I can't count how many Quadrajet carbs and non CCC distributors I pulled from wrecking yards to "fix" these and, the earlier 75 and up fuel injected 350 Olds and 500 Eldo engines. Much credit to Derek for even trying!
Crazy the differences in 1981 fuel crisis vehicles! I’m working on a 1981 vw diesel rabbit…way easier to work on!
Respect! Takes lots of patience to stick in there that long
Haha,disappointed.This was an especially interesting episode but I can’t say I’m surprised.I’ve never worked on one of these in my career but I’ve heard all of the stories.Sorry,I know you felt like you were getting close.
Hey Derek you gave it your all, I think you hit the nail on the head because I think it’s the computer as well, I gotta say the engine is good tho, how about a new injection system you can always have spacer plate made for that manifold, still a great video, man I never laughed so much when that drum came off
Derek you got heart brother. That’s why I love this channel so much. I was pulling my hair out watching you lol
Heard there's bad weather out Tennessee way, hope you are all keeping safe.
The late 70's 500 cubic inch Cadillac had an optional Bosch fuel injection (8 cylinders only) that was port injection instead of "terminator broccoli injection". It was more advanced and worked better. It was expensive though.  The MAP sensor was built into the ECM which was located inside the car. This 4/6/8 system is way worse. I drove one (a Seville) from Dallas to Lewisville in the mid-90's and it worked fine. I'm glad you found a Coupe. I'd love to have that car. Can't afford a nice earli '70's car any more.
only 40 minutes in, but it got me thinking, LS-Swap
Would love to see either a carburetor added and does Holley offer a fuel injection kit?..    The car seems clean and should be saved.    Although my favorite year for most all gm products was 1979
Derek, i feel your pain on this revival soooo much. I remember when my father heard of auto manufacturers started going to the eco mode crap and he worked a a salvage yard for a bit and said" " cadillac did that v8-6-4 mode s***, and it was a disaster!!" Welp god rest his soul. He was right lol. At this point an intake carb and swap would've been quicker but definitely more expensive.  Im old school and i got to say a ls swap is in needed in the future and HRPT 2024. thank you Bieri Family for everything you do!!
Hi Derek, I waited until the end to comment. anywhose, I feel a bit of the old motion sickness watching this video because I was not prepared for the camera to move so much. I guess I've become more accustomed to your shooting videos solo.  The guys from Portland over at the BisforBuild channel have recently run into a snag when they found that their Lamborghini Murcielago body swap was NOT going to fit onto their Tesla Model 3 donor car. Perhaps they might be interested in this beautiful Cadillac to put Dual Motor Tesla power into?
Even the brake drum wanted to get away from this car😁
At about @30:00 your camera person was way ahead of you with finding the pump connection. 😬
Reilly Auto can’t offer a guy a lift to work under?
What a headache, but hey the effort was definitely there. Hope you guys are safe from the storms ❤
NOOOOOOOO, my frustration exactly , carburetor swap! I love everything about this car except  It not running.
Nobody mentioned the fire😅😂😅
Your tenacity isonly outdone by your sense of humor...either carb swap it or breakout the tannenite, either would be fun to watch😂
I fell asleep to YouTube last night and woke up to @1:03:47
That was extremely tough.  I looked at Holley Sniper fuel injections and new Carburetors and with those prices I would just put on an old carburetor that your have on the shelf. You tried every other reasonable fix.  Thanks so much for your efforts and helpful videos.
Ive watched you test for gears before, wondering what magic kept those drums/ discs on. I always throw an oversized nut under a lug nut on each drum or they will dly off every time for me.
What do you want for it ! I will pay for it
Nice try can't win them all
I really got my hopes up when the TBI caught on fire! Betty White needs a little sister; you need to put a functional fuel/ignition system on her. Imagine the value of the only working '81 Cadillac in the world!
Recarb it!!
I see the pb blaster. We call it penguin black belt
TLDW.
Change out every sensor on that thing. Especially the cold temp sensors water/air. Unplug the magnets in the valve covers to delete the 6-4 aspects of that system. I used to physically remove the magnets. Then LS swap it after you're done pulling the rest of your hair out..
Reassign the purpose… boat anchor.
A feller can delete on the 8-6-4 if so inclined? Just get under those Valve Covers and change out with earlier Year Rockers. FYI
A feller felt strange watching Derek have a camera operator on a revival.  I mean, I got used to it on Road Worthy Rescues, but this?  Is he moving on up to the East Side???  :)
455 caddy swap that thing. lol. I would still look at temp sensor. I thought you said at some point it wasn’t working on the dash. 🤷🏽‍♂️
Do a carb swap
I watch your show on TV, but I have to comment on my phone because I don’t know how to do it on the TV, but you had me laughing so hard taking off that muffler I couldn’t hardly take it. Great show all the time. 😅
That was not the only poor choice of engines for that car; the Olds 350 diesel was also available, meaning you could pull that engine and replace it with a decent gas Olds 350 or even a 403.  You wouldn't need those extra fuel lines either.  I had my 1980 Olds Custom Cruiser diesel engine pulled and a gas 350 and turbo 350 trans put in.  Worked magically.
The brake drum leaving the garage on ITS OWN was classic!  It told that you should follow suit.  Great job at giving it your best. We have all been there. VGG is the best!
I would just let that one go... unless you plan to do an entire engine swap orr do a stand alone ecu...  I mean it's an ok rig.. but really nothing special in general.. I'd put the time and money into something nicer, more special, and with less electrodigical gremlins.
Been watching you sincd i was probably 15 im now 23 and have gained alot of knowledge from your videos ! Keep up the great work derek
Had an eldorado with the 4-6-8. By the time I got it it was full time 8. The switch system was disabled. This was back in the 90’s and well, it drove like a Cadillac.
This might be my favorite video this year! The struggle with the muffler really hit home
Maybe the Meeces have chewed the wiring to pieces.
can you not just pull the ecm fuse for 15 secs
Wait someone is filming him 😮
I had a 1980 caddy bought it for 800 buck just temporarily to get to work ran like a dream couldn't get it pass admission test for inspection sticker had to junk it Derrick this is an epic one enjoy this one for sure 😊
smack that alt with the tanya harding a few times loop the heater hoses fix the brakes and get gone
I say rip that monster of a motor out and slap in a proper monster of a motor! I imagine you'd have a few lying around the place! Would be a shame to see such a nice car go to waste! Loving ya work! watching from Australia!
A carb swap onto this engine would be cool. I would like to see how this engine runs without all the messed-up computer stuff.
Is it just me or did the cameraman forget to pull the safety plastic thingy off the lens? Got that weird soft focus thing going on.
I loved how this is basically AFM/DFM back in the 80s and the consumer hated it. Fast fordward to today and someone at engineer was like, "I got an idea!" and the consumer hates it again.
Hi Derek!  This is such a nice going to town rig that a guy should try to get it running right.  If you could fix some of the little things like the seat and electronics / radio, this would be one sweet ride.  Reading the comments, it seems like the coolant temp sensor is the likely problem.  Good luck, hope you can get it going
Carb. Swap. Love you Derek.
Think a carb swap and then delete the V4 V6 complication permanently  - then sell it. 🙂
MOSES’ SANDALS!!!!  I’ve never seen so many doodabs and whatnots on one engine!!!  😂👍🇺🇸👍🇺🇸👍🇺🇸
I remember my dad looking for a used car back in the day. There was a really nice neighbor owned '74 Buick Electra that someone wanted $500 for. My dad asked if we could take it to a mechanic, and the owner said no, what do you want for $500? He walked away, and at the time, I didn't understand why. THIS video clearly shows why!
Hows about hooking up a Holley Terminator computer  (about 6X the value of the car) to make it run and drive it home.
Brilliant as always. Those metal strap filter removers are rubbish! Much better off with the old canvas/chain type that fits on to your 1/2" drive ratchet. I've often had those metal strap ones twist the filter. Better off knocking a screwdriver through the filter and getting it off with that.
Well, it’s an awfully clean old rig… LS swap, twin turbos, rocket sled!
Really a shame a guy doesn't own part of a muffler shop so he didn't have to lay on the ground hitting rusty tailpipes with a hammer....
Sell that girl or u know.  Bb swap!!!!!
Fair play for sticking it out on that thig for that long. I'd have waved the white flag LONG before you did!! Car looks a solid unit, so I guess yank all that 80's tech junk out and either swap in a holley or a carb and get it running. Would be some victory to see it going down the road under it's own steam. :)
That engine looks like a nightmare to keep running. I rather wrench on the 6.2D under Chevy Van than that.  PS. I've worked on those earlier EFI, mainly V6 and smallblock an they were a hassle too.
I have no clue, but wondering if the injectors(1orboth) are shorted..  that was an issue with GM and maybe others in the 80s-90's. that or something like the capacitors died in the electronics
Send her down the road Derek
Id like to see you pull the motor and remove all the garbage then put a carb on it and send it
Make it the new luxury burnout machine
WOW! Derek, as many cars as I’ve seen you revive from the weeds and rust of Father Time, I can you LOVED working on this car the most! 🤣🤣🤣 Nope…. 🤦‍♂️🤣
With the charging issue may be causing all the other issues. Not enough charge in the battery to run all the electronics
No [crotch] cooler, no way.
If the computer thought it was WOT, it would cut fuel off. It's called clear flood mode. I filed all of my TPS reports! Also, that cat is of the bead filled variety. Gm invested big on the bead style as opposed to the modern monolithic type. They are heavy and sound like a maraca. Also, love the Oldsmobile hubcaps!
What a struggle!
Gotta say your a hellava mechanic and you do great work. But the Cadillac engine I think is pure trash. My suggestion is put another engine in . Because the body and interior are really nice for the year. So good luck and keep on truckin. And I'll keep watching your videos.
Well that fireball was like a crash and burn.. great show!  Leave it on the side of the road.. lol
That motor couldn't be as bad as the Ultra Knocking 4100 motor. Had the 4100 in my 83 El Dorado. Drain all the oil and put hydraulic fluid in it. Lasted another 4 years.
Are you supposed to send 13 volts to a fuel pump ??
And yet gm didnt learn their lesson with afm/dod. Decided itd be a good idea to bring it back. Bad idea then and its a bad idea now. Lifters with springs...what could go wrong😅
I feel like if revivals were a video game, this would be the final boss. Thanks for always giving us fantastic content!
Ya just can't Win them all buddy. Good try though.
make it a 454 dirt track beast
All those sensors are the reason I will never buy a GMC or Chevrolet product. EVER.
Welp. I think it's safe to say there is a reason Cadilac apologized for this contraption. I'd dump this mess off on someone else asap.
now I have to clean my computer screen after spitting out my coffee when the brake drum ran off without the car.  Funniest thing I've seen since you worked on that ford van that caught fire while driving it and you were dousing it with antifreeze (i think).  You win some and you lose some but you kept your cool and kept trying.  The fire at the end was epic.  if it had not been in someone else's garage, I would have let it burn.  Sell this as a parts car and look for something else.  You are the best mechanic I have ever seen.
as a health n safety rep.. WAKE THE HWLL UP,, SHOWING OTHERS IT'S OK TO BE STUPID, GOOGLES,, OR A FACE MASK, YOU ARE AN IDOIT,
My wife's uncle worked for fisher in 81, sprayed whites. Like 1 in 20 chance he shot the paint on that car.
I've been at this long enough to have had success with those awful things. They're a combination of a reliable and commonly used EFI system and some pretty janky crap to try and skirt EPA/CARB standards of the early 80s. It actually works to some degree, but not enough to justify the drivability issues and weird sensations it created in the car, even when it worked at its best. That said, lose it. It's more gimmick than tech. Proper functioning EFI with a healthy mid-displacement V8 should've been able to deliver similar fuel economy, even back then.  That's a really straight car... worthy of a mild Chevy big block or LS swap, for sure... Just swap out the climate control stuff for analog/mechanical controls. It's still GM parts bin stuff all over that car... Almost every stupid digital headache in those Cadillacs has a mechanical/analog equivalent used in another GM product, usually Buick or Oldsmobile that can be swapped out with minor modifications and some smarts...   I'm also fairly certain that you can get the plastic bumper fillers again made from a plastic that DOESN'T digest itself in the sun, which is always nice...  I vote you drag it home, go shopping in the achives, and harvest some new propulsion for that sled... make up for the schitzophrenic V8/6/3/1/7/?/whatever... put some miles on it, actually wear that seat out a bit...
I think the car uses maf sensor . With air cleaner aasembly off it doesnt know much aircits getting.
Computer messing up cause not charging?
Carb swap bleep bloop and maybe a computer change, also great video as always :D
Did you ever actually change the throttle positioning sensor or did you just talk about changing it? Also you could check voltage at the injector connectors to see if they are indeed pushing 12 volts to the connectors constantly during startup or if the fuel injectors are just letting fuel blow by on their own without power indicating a bad constantly open injector getting stuck open or held open without power
I hate that I was laughing my ass off as well as aching for you to win, the trsvelling brake drum damn near made me wet myself. Great emotional control, I'm afraid I would have used the hammer differently and Tannerite maybe the best option.
in 1981 i bought a brand new Eldorado 8-6-4 and ended up getting towed 12 times , traded it for an 82 Eldorado 10 months later , in defense of Cadillac that 82 Eldorado was a very rugged well built car , one of my favorites  , VGG IMO is in the top 5 best automobile TV shows on youtube
Lol at least that drum wants to get on down the road!
this was so much fun, laughed till I cried
Man what an effort!  And the dam thing still doesn't cooperate.  What a shame--beautiful body and interior.  So what kind of engine are you going to put in it?  Thinking that one you are tired of messing with!!  Thanks for sharing dam interesting process you went through!
Maybe a demolition derby car? Would probably feel pretty good to see the thing all smashed up and going to the scraper…. Or just cut your loses and sell it
I'd love to see everything involved in carb swapping a 368, Derek. As the timer ticked toward the end of the video I was pretty sure the drive home wouldn't happen, but I enjoyed the rest of the ride!
Send it, but if you decide to keep it either LS or big block Cadillac swap it
My wife said to blow it up.....I think she's right. Take it to Matt's ranch😂😂
LS swap or a bored out 500
Check your powers and especially grounds for the ECM and then get an intake, distributor, and carburetor. That's what we did at the dealer back in 87 but there were plenty of junk 4 barrel Caddy's for scavenging the parts.
Yet another story of emissions requirements outpacing the technology of the time. The idea wasn't a bad one, but the early electronics just weren't capable enough to do the job reliably. Hell, even today cylinder deactivation still has its issues. The computer's just not the limiting factor anymore.
The entertainment value is through the roof on this episode. !!!
Don’t put any more time or money into that garbage. I would like another motorcycle build; on an old KZ650 or KZ1000.
Quad drivers in computer bad😊
Sell it or engine swap it maybe? Seems like such a huge pain.
OK here's a question, who is holding the camera for Derek? I just noticed it's moving around, usually he has it on a tripod, is it Jessica, or a perk of filming at O'Reilly?
I just tried buying some merch and the website said it cannot process my card information, then proceeded to charge my card, I entered my account info for a second time, was charged again and still hit with “cannot be processed”, anyone else have this issue? It’s taken 100 bucks from me and id really like to get my merch and money for the second charge back
walking around a giant Caddy coupe door a thousand times might make a guy consider taking it off
So who was doing the (fine) camera-work? (cue the "He told ya at x minutes and 43.6 seconds!" 🙂)
I would like to see a carb swap
You got your hands full with that one Derek you spent $1800 for that not a bad deal you got a lot a car that’s for sure I suppose this makes a good project for your show because there’s so much that needs to be done By the way, I love what you do
The ole muffler press. Classic
Worst idea ever convert it to v8 only with a carb.
I’m afraid I would LS swapped that puppy and moved on.  Would have been less effort.  I applaud your effort!
This is so cool! You were in my hometown!
A valiant and impressive effort. Now I believe the rumors.
Watched till the end. GET IT HOME. Pull the computer out, swap the motor for a nice 350 and use it for a grocery getter.
If you disconnect the plug on the transmission it will only run in 8 cylinder mode only. Make sure the ign module is tight they would loosen up and loose the ground. A little lock tight solved that problem. I had the computer go out and got a remanufactured one from Cardon and never had that problem again. I put 200,000 miles on that car and sold it still running great. The motor is a dog not much power. But always ran fine. Passed emissions every year.
You are awesome put a carb on it and let it fly
Great video, as always. Lmoa when the brake drum made a break for it!! 😂 This fellerette from England thinks you should do a carb swap, which would be good to watch and see the outcome.
Good try! I would have quit long time ago and just gone for carb.  I'd like to see it run.  Nice car!
Man I felt the frustration on this one. I admire the drive and perseverance.
Those look like Oldsmobile hub caps.
PMSL when that brake drum ripped off across the floor. Like another comment I read, I'd like to see a part 2 where you can put this to bed. I'm fascinated to know what the issue is. Other than a really bad design idea.
Your gunna need an ls9 and a chainsaw
2:03:08 rear brakes rebuilt.
As a retired mechanic who had to work on these when they were new, I cried right along with Derek. And I'm still drinking, too.  On these cars, it was rarely the computer that failed, it was the multiple, many sensors and their connections. Many of them were vacuum operated (BARO, MAP, etc. )A disconnected hose to the MAP would run it full rich. Bad CTS switch, same thing. Cadillac in those days (actually from 1980 to present) did and does their Quality Control using the customer as their test bed. Very innovative stuff, but halfway engineered, and most of the time, not ready for Prime Time. Another excellent video, and it brought back all the pain. Thanks, Derek!
Carb it video 😮
You remind me of Chevy Chase national lampoons christmas vacation!!
1979 is the last year for a Quality Built Cadillac.
When I worked at a small town GM dealership in the late 80's, one of these engines came in. I asked the main mechanic about them. He gave me the Coles Notes version, but he told me the idea behind the workings and what they did to fix it was disconnect the "brains" and just ran it as a normal all the time V8. Love your channel ❤️
It is obivous you wouldn't fix something like this without atleast a basic block diagram of the system from whitch you need to go trough every single sensor, solenoid, whatever to know if it works electricaly, not even to mention the engine wiring loom, wiring loom grounds(chasis minus) connections..
Good condition car - rip out the engine, put in a good condition  LS and run it as a family car for the next 20 years!
The struggle in this one was real…I know that pain. 😕
Was there a scan tool in '81 to see what the computer is doing, or thinks it's doing?
Lol at 10.20 he looks into the map pocket starts coughing then comes back and says ooh we have hub caps. Normally I'd say squirel moment but I think it should be known as a derek moment 😂
If you haven't tried Ozium for odors, give it a go.  It works great.  However; it's highly toxic and you don't want to be in the same room/car when you use it. Stoners love it for hiding their smoke and don't realize the precautions needed.
Screw it. Do an LS swap, man!!!
Seeing you struggle with the catalytic converter: maybe you should have asked one of those hobos that steal them for a living. They get it out in less than 3 minutes!
Having ripped apart TBI systems many times in the past... I found this video to be anxiety inducing. Lol I found myself yelling at the screen, "No Derek, not like that Derek, stop Derek, that's not how that works Derek, Just do it like this Derek." 😂😅  Usually, I'm the one learning from Derek. It's interesting to be on the other end of things.
As someone that's had metal chunks removed from my eye with a syringe needle...twice, I get some pretty severe anxiety every time I see someone grinding without 14 layers of eye protection. 😂
Maybe the caddy is mad and wont run correctly because its wearing oldsmobile hubcaps...lol
The brake drum coming off was hilarious. Then, seeing you laugh as much as I was, that was good stuff.
In 1999, I bought one of these V8-6-4 Caddys from the elderly original owner in Calgary, AB. It had about 60K miles on it. Fleetwood Brougham D’Elegance, toppermost of the poppermost, completely loaded including the power moon roof, memory seats, and the outrageous $3,500 option real wire wheels. I spent $10K in parts alone doing a complete mechanical rebuild on it. Very comfortable, nice riding car, but otherwise a horrible, spiteful, malicious, soul sucking, unreliable piece of junk. It had constant, crazy electrical issues. I replaced the variable displacement rockers with standard rockers, thus defeating the variable displacement. These cars were still in wrecking yards then, and I had half a dozen of every key component as spares.  I strongly believe the real failing of these cars was GM penny pinching. At one point I had the driver side door right off the car the investigate wiring faults in the hinge area. There are about forty wires in the rubber bellows in the hinge area. I found about seven that had sections of missing insulation. The insulation was brittle, like dry mud. This cheap wiring is, I’m sure, a significant source of all the electrical gremlins in these cars. I suppose GM saved $4 per car by cheaping out on plasticizers in the wiring insulation. The 368 engine is probably as good mechanically as any 500/472/425, and there’s no issue with the TH400. The rushed-into-production replacement engine for ’82 was the 4.1L HT4100, hardly any improvement. Derek, no help is coming. Save yourself, crush that car.
Fix it! We want to watch you cry.
Swap out that efi for a holley fuel makin happener.   80s injection is GARBAAGE
What a complex mess you were working on.   This is a prime example of the government mandating things that the manufacturers tried to accomplish but with questionable results.
"You can set my truck on fire, roll it down a hill, but I still wouldn't trade it for a coupe DeVille"
Betty white ran better even sounded better!!
That brake drum flying off! 😂😂😂😂😂😂
I live in Branson about 40 minutes south of where you  were and I wish I'd known. I would've come and helped you.
“Whiter than a Celine Dion concert” hahahah
Just yank all that garbage out and put a regular V8 in it and fix it up and keep it.
LMAO at the muffler delete! Very little can get out-loud laffs from this bitter old grump anymore, so thanks!  You're awesome dude.
What's a guy complaining about?! You revived that 70 white caddy in a muddy pasture!😊
You possibly could have poured or squirted Berryman's or Sea Foam into the fuel inlets on the injectors while still in the unit to soak which may have freed up the injectors.  Hind sight, I know.
Just carb it!....cant go wrong withe the basics...rip out all the unessesary hoses and dodabs :D
We love ya man and want you around for a long, long time! Please wear safety glasses when using a grinder on those old rusty exhaust systems. Snapper..
With the known problems, can’t believe you didn’t just swap on a carb and make this a 45 minute video. Hell of a good try though!
Maybe since it’s a cool body and great interior it’s worth pulling that albatross and putting something reliable. BUT there are still lots of electronics, hvac and wiring gremlins to overcome! - Donate it go an auto mechanix trade school!
Those safety squints don't seem to be the best option lol. 😂
The same idea for fuel millage kills the 5.3 engines today
Should give credit to your "silent" cameraman. Not used to seeing a cameraman on a Derek by-himself youtube video.  I wouldn't have able to stay silent...especially watching a brake drum scoot across the floor!
New burnout car?
Oreilys official statement: Vice Grip Garage is no longer welcome at our automotive studios. After trashing our studio like a rock band on tour, he left a 1981 Cadillac with a destroyed TBI and refuses to pick it up.
Didn't know the YouTube had 4D....I can smell that car from here.
With all you went through getting it to run, why bring up the fact of those being Oldsmobile Royal hubcaps.
The brake drum leaving the chat has got to be the funniest thing I have seen in years 😂
" I think we're gonna make it home with no issues"... Sorry, spit a lil coffee right there fella.
New merch. Just give it the pinky.
Scrap it all and LS swap it
You have such a good page dude I love it and the fact that your son is like doing his things with mechanics and stuff now awesome so awesome can’t wait to see what he does in the future with you
Swap in a 6.0L Cadillac motor from the same era. I had a friend that had one in an Eldorado that would smoke the front tires.
What an absolute SHED .. Man that thing needs putting out of it's misery ...  Love the commitment though  ..but wow .. is it really worth it
Derek,u r a trooper.serious with funny.u luv this stuff.and have us learn so much and laugh with your ways of entertainment. This 4 6 8 futuristic  Cadillac joke idea was a nice attempt. What yea,pos!!! Your going to get 1 every 20 u find i guess. Your ways taking this on is incredible. Luv this show,channel.and all you do and believe in.the exhaust take down was hilarious. Your a automotive rockstar. Dont ever get discouraged, u have ways of being the king of cool,funny.and are a scientist of getting your goals accomplished. And or damn close.keeping it old school with knowledge. Hope to meet u oneday.all the best.
Derek Should feel right at home with the gas tank in the trunk... but, yet... it should be in the back seat or glove box!   after all, the gas tank in the back... that would be too normal
You owe me a new computer.  When that brake drum went careening across the shop, i spit half a mouthful of Irish stew on my keyboard].  Then, the injectors went up in flames and the rest hit my screen.  Your best video EVER!   Can't wait for the next one!
Just get rid of it, it's junk
This is a prime candidate for an old engine swap.
Maybe since alternator is bad it doesn’t have enough juice too run the computer
I really admire a guy for sticking to it and going outside your comfort zone. Someone else mentioned the MAP sensor, not sure if you did anything with that. You really needed to read some data on a scan tool like map and tps. You could have simply unplugged the O2 and it should run on the base fuel map. Checking fuel pressure can be done with an adapter at the fuel filter. I probably would have just thrown 2 injectors in it, but I’m not sure that was the issue.  Keep up the good work Derek.
Definitely carb swap it
I had one of those and it ran like a champ, floated down the interstate at 120 mph and started every time. Before i sold it it needed belts and a charge whirler. Dark blue with blood red leather guts, enjoyed it for about a year and sold it at the first sign of trouble.
We LOVED this episode. My wife cracked up when the brake drum shot across the shop. You can't let this thing beat you. Toss a modern EFI system on it and make it a super nice, "Take momma out to dinner" rig.
Great video Derek. Superb looking car but what a challenge for you. Amazed at your calmness and humour in the face mounting problems. Certain you will get it running again and looking forward to part 2.
1:08:29 Never thought I'd here a Cool Hand Luke reference 👍
I've seen a bad ECT sensor telling the ECM that it's -10 deg outside.  That may have been why it was dumping so much fuel.
Another common issue for these to or any tbi to run horrible is the coolant sensor going bad. The computer will think it's -300 degrees and flood the engine
Best solution is a carb swap for sure
Why doesn’t a guy use truck ramps instead of jack stands? They are safer and can lift the car higher if you buy the right ones.
As reparations, I understand GM will swap out the 4/6/8 emblem for one that reads P.O.S - FOR FREE!
Fact…. In the 80’s, they made cars that you COULD NOT FIX.  Good try, Derek!  Advice, stay away from the Cutlass Sierra in all its incarnations.
LMAO- I almost fell over, when the rear end drum, had enough- and tried to  make a run for hills
Demolition Ranch
You need to get with demo matt on what to due with this caddie. 😂 Pretty sure he just built a new pewpew station and might have something that will help this car out. Hint hint and the tanerite sounds pretty good to a feller
Looks like the only thing left to do, is rip that piece of junk out, put a pre-'80 Big of Blocks in its place, and wire up the trusty Holley Sniper EFI. It'll probably get better fuel economy than that 8-6-4 could ever DREAM of.
the brake drum has left the building
Every computerized vehicle that sits up will need at least an IAC, TPS, and MAP. Feel the TPS is reporting incorrect values, rough miss and no idle are symptoms.
I approve of that sneeze at 34:35! That muffler removal reminds me of the time I removed a muffler from my '77 Scout II. I had a bunch of friends waiting for me to take them to a river for tube refting. My girlfriend was especially irritated.
The early 4.6.8 motors were super bad for the modules to fail.
Turbo LS with a 9 inch rear ...drag and drive car.... PLEASE!!!!!!!!
what's all that hi quality camera-operator-nice colors stuff?!
Getting that muffler off was hilarious
Put a carb on it.
I had a TBI Chevy truck that done the same as that Cadillac dumping fuel and flooding.  I remember using that same rebuild kit but it ended being a sensor but I don’t remember which one. I think another video fixing the current system or a carb swap would be awesome.
Scrap it and run!
Great show Derek, Thank You! Loved the brake drum running off into the sunset LOL  As for the caddy... whatever it takes to get it running dependably , add a carb or replace the whole engine... looks too nice to not be a goin-to-town rig.
1960's 300 straight 6 " I will always run , out last your children and get better gas mileage . "
Penzoil filter must to have had the oil changed at Walmart
The camera guy laughing quietly had me rolling
You are so damn funny
Derek I worked inside of the dealership on Cadillacs and that 80 model was a nightmare. They were a massive piece of junk really feel bad for you for all the time you spent on it. Yes I think the best thing would be is to carbureate it or put a throttle body off of a 8.1 big block Chevy trouble with that and has to have about 45 PSI of pressure for the fuel. I really enjoy your show watch every episode you come out with. I've been in auto tech for 47 years I know what you go through. Can you make me laugh every time thank you
Those old injection systems are a bear lol I done the same thing but it was on a V6 GMC truck lol leaks are hard to get stopped man
I had a 1980 sedan Deville, with the 386 de bored big block 8-6-4 electronic deactivation. Huge tank! A lot of people bypassed the system and forced it to run on all 8. Just not enough processor power to process the ignition timing and spark at varying rpm speed. The plastic stuff still in tact @ yr 2000. The guy I sold it to still drives it today. Baby blue with royal blue interior. The original 28 gallon Fuel tank was bigger than that one in your trunk! Looks like a 18gal maybe? I remember the IAC controller being locked up. Yes use PB blaster and try it before replacing it. It’s plastic sleeve piston to control vacuum. Not the solenoid that you mentioned in the video. This is in the throttle body. But looks like you found it!
Great video.  Looking  forward. To more of the great  content
Carb swap her lol 🤣
IF it was to be a museum piece, id say try to fix it. If you want easy, carb it. If you are a Derek and like somethig more challenging, put on a Holley Sniper or other TBI. It does have a new FI fuel pump already....Gotta love those eletro-digicals and doo-dabs.
Low rider ! Yeah nice car but that motor is trash . Carb swap please ?
VGG Tackles One Of The Worst Engines Ever!  The 1981 Cadillac Koopay De Villainy - An automobile that looked like it was snagged out of a junkyard straight off the assembly line.
It would be amazing to get to build on a project with u
I would like to see you take this cadillac to one of those scrapyards with the giant magnets to pick it up, and then get it crushed into a cube.
Derek love the channel. I’d like to see a new modern efi unit installed. Fast, Eldelbrock or whatever you have laying around. You already have new tires, fuel tank, and pump. Then make it a “going to town car”.
Derick with your unique charm and witt, that we all love please just carry on what are doing, I love that car, perhaps a Carb change if your interested or a used computer install another time?
Carb swap
I think  I would have to try a carburator just for gee whiz .
Ripping the Muffler off was the best part!
Despite it's Govt. imposed shortcomings (and this particular heap) 80's GM fuel injection was damn near indestructible and formed the basis for many aftermarket EFI systems. I thought this was a front driver but apparently not, also seem to remember the O2 sensor just being a nuisance trouble code not a deal breaker. If all else failed there was limp in mode AKA just get me home, something you don't see today because you'll be killing people by driving with less than optimized economy, in my particular local moving under power is better than hoofing it. Also my Grandiose Cherokee after a $2300 drivetrain repair just threw a 4020 code a couple of days ago less the optimum catalyst efficiency reset it and headed down the road.
You could sell it, which is probably the best idea.    Or, you could carb swap it, see what you can make of it.  Or, my favorite, LS a swap it, turn it into a SuperCruiser.
I've owned three of these one got a intake swap two got chevy 350 swapped
Do a carb swap!
I hate to take a whooping like that  however i must tell you i've took a few of them  whoopings
The brake drum was ready to go RIGHT NOW
I am thinking they thought they had a fuel problem, when they just had a mouse problem.  Edit:  yeah someone was in there tinkering with the doodads that went really the main issue.
Chalk it up to bad engineering in the early 80's, probably induced by too much government intervention and regulation. From what I've been reading, I don't think the GM technicians can do any better than Derek did with this government project engine. It's a testimony to why government bureaucrats need to butt out and leave industries alone. If a guy keeps this Cadillac, put in a bare-bones carbureted V8 set up the old fashioned way. Thanks for reinforcing our belief that whatever government touches, we can count on it becoming worse!
By far the funniest in a while   Derek’s fuel injection shop! Zero guarantee 😂😂  And the ol familiar angle grinder rodeo   And just laugh when the next thing Fs up
Oh and the egr valve is disconnected
I owned a 1981 Cadillac Biarritz with the 4,6,8 junk. Was the biggest pos I ever seen. Had all the same symptoms the one you have, I converted it to a carburetor unplugged all the valve wiring and turned out to be a good car. It will always have a check engine light on unless you want to take the bulb out of instrument panel. It is fixable and will run like a top and make a good car. Great low mileage unit 👍👍
Will this one be Barry White?
'Not educational, mostly for  entertainment!' Ain't that the truth - Derek is comedy central and a mentor to all of us to not giving up! A fine family man! Cape Town Dave
Derek, just a tip I learned one time. Spray rusty shit with PB and get a cup of coffee sit 5 min, take a break. Come back and loosen line........you are exactly what we needed today.
Springfield fan here
something like that...just nope.  id rather pull it and put in a 400/400.  or anything else really.  what a nightmare. absolutely the worst era of cars.  I mean except everything built after them.
I think carb swap would be awesome to see and all of that early gm junk electronics ripped out to bring the caddy back on the road
My Ex Mother in law had a 1978 White on white with red interior she bought new.   I drove her around in it a few times because she was afraid of the size in town. I loved that car!
I owned a 83 El Dorado Britz with that motor. I didn’t have it long got rid of it before it was a problem.
I think you need to get it to charge and then the computer will see constant voltage 🤷🤔
Drop a different engine in it and call it a going to town rig.
Here we go again.....way ro many commercials you have the ability to choose how often a commercial is set.....chill out i stopped watching.
I’d like to see the engine compartment gutted of all that unnecessary garbage and replaced with a chevy 400 big block, carbureted flavor or a new holley sniper injected system. Great episode as always, Derek!
Have been watching you since the Coon Rapids days. Sad to see your content go the way of power nation or shows like that. Should have tried to keep it real and original to yourself.
I notice A Guy is a bit subdued when working with a crew versus shooting by himself somewhere. A little calmer here I think, still like it, but definitely a different energy. ❤
The briclin, or the caddy🤨🤣 which one is worse..lol the caddy ,it never left the shop. Actually the caddy looks good . Just need to rip out all that computer stuff,and give it a real engine . Ty for 2hrs of ongoing entertainment Derek. I don't no how you keep your cool without using every curse word in the book😅
And if the 4-6-8  weren't a bad enough idea, Cadillac would double down with the infamous northstar.  And GM wonders why its going broke..
Have you considered putting a Holly Sniper Fuel Injection System on that car?
It's one of the best episodes yet, ups and downs, the mental sanity slowly fading away. I like oddball cars they make for entertaining content !
Quick and easy muffler delete 😂
No matter the video format, you’re always a great host Derek. But this seemed like something special with a camera man and your standard top notch VGG editing to boot. Always entertaining and a laugh! Sorry this car wouldn’t run for you, but it sure made a wonderful video.
That studio was nice! Really good lighting for making videos there 😍📽🎬
Pinched a lower o ring hammering them injectors in
I'd wear safety glasses with those cutoff discs.  I had one fragment on me and it went right through my lower eyelid just missing my eyeball.  The doctor told me I was very lucky.
Should have got you a disconnect battery terminal, which would have been easier to reset.
******DEFEATED****** I can see why people didnt like this car  lol what a piece of crap
Funny that Derek can tell more about a car by taste alone than I can tell with my 4 other senses.
Don't know about the parts "swapability" on these, but it would be awesome to see a "re-imagining" of the injection using modern methodology and parts (eg. Holley or haltech). Proper in tank pump, modern injectors and sensors. Perhaps even with the modulated displacement included. Seems like it's a solid old bus, would be awesome to take the concept and add reliability
Laughing so hard watching you fight with that muffler 😂
Wow Derek's patience is very surprising and taking on that motor is like knowing someone that says "I'm going to rebuild this Northstar "
Parts list Mmm, LS swap it...
As someone who loves your channel and thinks the world of you, it was painful to see you struggle so.  I also admire your commitment and have the utmost respect for how hard you worked on this episode.  Thanks for all you do and the sacrifices you and your family make to keep this channel the best on you tube.
IAC and MAP sensors making it run wide open
Derek was SO FUNNY in this one lmao I can’t get enough of the subtle humour
Carb swap. New computer if ya need it and run it.   Disable the 8-6-4 thing and just leave it a full on V8.   Those were nice cars,  would be a great land cruiser
That was painful to watch. Not only was the car fighting him but he was basically doing it live on camera. Oof-ta may, indeed!
This was the best and funniest video ever… I think I want to go buy an 81 Cadillac with a 2/4/8/6 engine!!!! Wooohoooo
The body is in really great shape, would it be possible to motor swap it to something without all the digacals and maybe do it as a giveaway?
Yes it was my favorite episode by far that's the first time I ever seen you get frustrated and you still keep us laughing keep up the work we enjoy you videos..😂
GM was recently doing that 4/6/8 in their pickups . It was no better . Made for oil burners that also did not get any better gas mileage or power .
My dad had one of these 1981 8-6-4 Cadillacs - bought used in 1990-ish? - that was modified via a switch attached to the fuse box to always run on 8 cylinders.  If you accidentally - ask me how I know! - stepped on the switch, the normal 8-6-4 would kick in.  It was really noticeable when the engine changed back 'n' forth between cylinders.  My dad had a bad run of GM cars - like the 1984 diesel Olds '98 that blew the engine - and then the transmission, and, when he was younger, the Monza engine that was destroyed by 60k miles.  Later on he bought an Olds Aurora with the Northstar 4.0, which, amazingly was quite reliable.  For a few years after that Oldsmobile we were a Nissan family - all thanks to that "fine" GM engineering.  He's back to GM now, I just hope that 3.6L in his Buick lasts him until the last years of his life and doesn't mess up with the chain guides.
oh man, the tank straps part is so funny hahaha cudos to the camera person, wonderful camera work
On a TBI V8, if u full throttle the go pedal, it will shut off fuel injection and alow it to unflood  itself
New burnout car
600,000 views on a Saturday night, not bad Derek!
I was just contacted by a scammer on your channel, saying chat on telagram. Send me a screen shot of my comment. At first i did this but as the conversation went on it became clear it was a scam. I new this because i won a silverrado problem is i live in south africa how would it get here. I aas told they send stuff all over the  world. But The SA GOV wont allow a left hand car be inported 😂 i guess the next question would have been to get my deets but hey i can smell a rat a mile off so just a warning
Get shut Derick.....that was brilliant !!!!  But it is a lemon 👍
The only way I would consider keeping that thing is if I could do a full engine swap on it
40 years later, GM is still playing with cylinder deactivation and 40 years later, it's still a disaster.
If the POI was driving around at 2500 rpm's for an idle the tranny will be fine ........
Man, I felt your pain on this one.  For one, something went really, REALLY wrong when this car was in storage.  Gramps either nosed this into a pond a few times, or stored it in an area where alot of water was near/under the car, allowing for extreme condensation.  The rust in that engine compartment tells it all.  The dots of rust in the screws that hold the top of the fenders on.  For goodness sake, rust on the UNDERSIDE of the air cleaner!  Water destroys everything and in weird ways.  It is water that ruined those injectors (if that is what they are called).  I think your poor starter was doomed before there was that load put on it.  The alternator too, all at the same time?  That does not compute.  Water got into everything in that engine compartment.  Add to that Grampy's and friends attempts to fix by yanking out wires and cutting out the gas tank show an amount of tinkering that did more damage and didn't help at all.  Another explanation was that GrampFarty was the kind of guy  that hosed out his engine compartment every time he washed the car, and "let it jus dry nat--rually!!!!!"  It would require a real specialist and some major dollars to bring that thing back around.  I would be shocked if it turned out otherwise.
I liked to see a different fuel system or engine swap, I like the car though
I wish I could have helped you with that Derek!  Worked on many TBI units.
I worked on several of these at the dealership when they were still newish. I could rarely get one to run correctly back then even with the power of dealership part warehouse and up to date service bulletins. You did an awesome job just to get it running as well as you did. I would replace the temp sender. That's a pretty common issue with the early gm fuel injection. It can cause the injectors to fire full speed ahead if the readings aren't right. I used to know how to make these run, but it has been at least 30 years since I touched one.
Those look like Oldsmobile hub caps
stop fooling around and throw it on a trailer and show us back at home the fixing and updates
Great episode Derick it showed how real tracking down issues, working on the ground and the fustration and choice words it will cause for the average Joe Smoe. My hats off to you for wrestling with that engine. They never was any good. I would mind seeing a carb or a classic B.O.P. swap
Definitely one of Derek's most entertaining videos. One thing that should not be overlooked is that the problems American auto manufacturers had in this era (70s-80s) were mostly because of the meddling by politicians. GM was a particular target of people like Ralph Nader, one of whose activists was a guy named Bradford Snell who wrote a paper 'American Ground Transport' that caused a lot of political trouble, including congressional hearings. The Roger Rabbit movie was inspired by one of several anti-trust cases against GM.  This disaster of an engine would never have been built if not for government.
Guy could do something crazy to that Cadillac. Like put a Toyota 1UZ V8 in it.
I had to pause at the muffler removal. You sir are a ham of a highest caliber. Frikkin hilarious! Good God.
sbc swap could be nice
Just saw the storm that ripped through on the news. Hoping you and your family are ok. From fans in canada
Early EFI is de debbil.
Needs a 6.2 and LSA blower.
By 1:46:00 I'd be trying to figure out how to get the money to replace all that gobbley gook wires and hoses and injector "stuff" and replace with a carburetor or modern Holley efi. No, no computer, just good old fashioned carburetor tuned by ear. Update: 20 minutes later, still feeling it. No computers! At least no computers from the early 1980's.
Coolant temp sensor maybe, I remember quite a few 90's gm's towed in with it reading -40 flooding out causing no starts
All the insulation from the hood is missing is the stuff packed the muffler I think.
I bought a caddy one time for my wife.  She wanted it. I told her when things started to go wrong we needed to fix it.  Long story short. To many bells and whistles went wrong and she got rid of it. No more caddy’s for me. I know you’re about fed up with it.
forget it drop in a LS. then sell it to me
My dad had a brand new 1981 Seville 864 garbage. I think they unplugged it and just left it as an 8 cylinder. Somehow. click klack valve. I think the thing was weird. Good luck.
Great video Derek, can you change the fuel injection to a standard carb if you don't want to mess about with all of the computer stuff
Check battery power with your tongue!
I owned a 1980 CdV (same series, same engine, but carbureted and minus V8-6-4) that wasn't nearly as nice as this, but my word was it the sweetest carbureted engine I ever owned.  Dailied it in and out of Boston in winter and summer and it never gave me a moment of trouble.  If you want to fix this car, get one of the '80 368ci engines, they are smog monsters and slow as anything but so sweet.
this would be most peoples nightmare car project. Brutal but entertaining to watch :)
So I'm just sitting in my garage smoking cigarettes watching a cadillac fuel injection expert do rocket surgery on an 81 cadillac. Then all of a sudden a brake drum goes full send across the shop floor. Now I'm using  shop-vac to try to clean pee out of my favorite lawn chair while my dog looks at me in extreme disappointment.
I was sleeping on it before I finished the episode this morning. If I recall the 403, the 350R and or the Olds 307 will go right in there. Standard intake either 4 or 2 bl and away you go. Should mate up with the existing transmission
I worded at a GM dealer in the 80s.  New curse words were invented because of that engine.
Bad coolant sensor will cause computer to dump full causing flooding. Had this happen with 03 Dodge Ram. Unfortunately you can't plug in the 81 Cadillac.
I need to do a revival on my grandmother's 77 cadillac with 78k miles. It's a beautiful triple white car with red carpet and a factory cb radio.
“Reliability, Luxury, We are Cadillac” LMAO
I had no idea you were an Exhaust guy! Great show as always!
This is the first time I have seen you  not get it done you tried your best, i will always be a true fan.
well I'll be dipped! I thought why doesn't he drive it home with one injector? then you show it with the wire off of one and it starts on fire! The slowest I ever saw you move to put it out.....Merry Christmas Derek thanks for letting us see a bad day in car engineering
Amazing diligence!!!
You are gonna get spoiled with a camera man.  We get better shots and you don’t have to waste time with camera duty and can focus on wrenching.  Keep it up.  Also keep on working on odd things and stuff out of your comfort zone it’s how you and your viewers can all learn together.
pull that crap engine outta there and put in something FUN and make it a sleeping nightmare for every other 80s Cadillac that is still alive!!
2:05:00 is about the point where you oughta call some feller from Ahia to go hook up the spare MegaSquirt and show that TBI system who runs the place!
Would make a great vgg demolition derby car
Swap the engine!!! Thats what i did to my 82 Deville. Put in a 350 with a turbo 350 tranny. Done!
Every last nerve would be lost if I was working on that dumpster fire
If you can't keep it running you don't have to worry about the stopalaters.
Absolutely love the camera work, and editing of this movie. Great job!
Are you guys okay? Were you affected by the tornadoes that were going through Tennessee?
Big block swap and just atomize the pizza cutter tires. Respect for the attempt, maybe there's an expert out there, but GM definitely was bouncing checks that Cadillac couldn't cash with the technology available back then
GM engineers will pass by a dozen virgins on their way to screw a mechanic.
Out of all the cars I have seen you do this one really got your goat
LS it
That's why I don't like modern cars with computors.  Honestly, the only computors that should be in cars is the mobi phone.  Bring back reliable points and contacts.
Ty, for your service.
Is it wrong to laugh when Derek gets sparked ? Cos I did 😁
I've rebuilt a TBI on my 1987 Chevy 2500 years ago
Since your greedy now and are charging to watch your videos I will no longer watch your channel at all including my large family
Funny thing is 40 years later GM brings back this junk
Involved  in the used car business back in those days, & remember that this era of Caddy were rather nice & a hot seller in any form used when about 2 to 5 years old... however even then, the "4-6-8" was avoided like the plague. Save 1 in a museum & convert the rest to something useful.... I don't care.... sure an LS swap is fine by me. Cheers
I would like to Derek put a Holley computer on it and see if he can get it to run.
Is it possible to just delete the V8-6-4 malarky?
A carb swap would be awesome.
You have the patience of a saint. I was laughing through the entire video. You may want to check your carbon monoxide levels.
When you slapped the muffler and breathed in deep afterwards, I kind of felt the particles entering my own airways, please be careful Derek!
Get your iron on the muffler press we pump you up😅😂😅
Shocking that an auto parts garage doesn't have a lift.
I wonder if those bumper fillers can be 3D printed easily.   I am sure there would be market since those just disappear on all those Cadillacs.
EYE PROTECTION PLEASE!!!!!
And yet the idiots at GM tried and are still doing again… still crap. The 2000’s cylinder management stuff is crap . They took great motors and turned them crap.
I would try to  replace the ecm temp sensor
Having grown up in the 80’s, car wise… The 80’s sucked regarding vehicles. Music, not so much…
You removing that muffler has just made my life complete I haven’t cried laughing so much in years
I owned one of these tbi they suck. If u come across one run away
You have the world greatest patience and endurance for trouble shooting 🎉
Hemi or LS swap lol
I cut my teeth  working as a GM tech back in the 80s.  Several thoughts came to mind about the flooding issue, and I THINK, at 2:06:49 in the video you unplugged a sensor, said it was very corroded and ignored it. After that, it ran pretty decent and ran until you got back from picking up the charging whirler.  You may have temporarily restored connection? The early GM coolant temp sensors were single wire with a white connector.  They are a thermistor, which means the colder they are, the higher the resistance.  So an open circuit, such as a heavily corroded connection would be telling the ECM that it's like -40 deg, and it would really dump the fuel....not that the car would actually run at -40. I know you can't actually check fuel pressure on the old TBI units without an adapter,  but if the pump was high pressure like for  port fuel injection, the regulator may not handle it.  Those pumps unregulated will make around 90 PSI as I recall?  I'm not sure about the TBI pumps.  But a restricted  return line...plugged, bent metal line, kinked rubber line, will make fuel pressure skyrocket I don't think that car used a MAP sensor, but rather a vacuum sensor and a baro sensor.  If you lost the vacuum source to it, it will run rich. I don't think the O2 sensor is causing an issue.  You had to get the engine, and the sensor up to operating temp for the system to go into closed loop. The idle control motor has 2 circuits.  The actual stepper motor that controls the idle and a nose switch the ECM that the your foot is off the gas pedal.  When you're on the gas, the stepper motor extends and as you take your foot off the gas, it gradually returns to idle speed.  They were problematic.  The nose switch would fail and it wouldn't return to idle. I used to take them apart and clean the nose switch rather than replacing the unit Adjusting the plunger just set the minimum and maximum authority,  There should be an old fashioned throttle stop screw on the throttle body.  When it's working right, you can increase the engine speed to about 2k, depress the nose switch and the plunger will retract fully.  Unplug it and let go of the throttle and you can set base idle speed. If you get a chance to revisit this car, I hope these tips help.  It's a pretty cool car, and I'd like to see you make it run sort of the way it's supposed to.  It was a perfect example of GM poorly executing a good idea at the wrong time. It seems the biggest problem with the v8/6/4 was the electronics of the time.  The ECM just couldn't keep up with it and get confused
This needs to be a "to be continued"
A guy thinks that battery ng
I think it’s time for a VGG tannerite research video featuring this POS as the base of the explosion — a guy could get some cool pictures of it and bleep bloop em on the innerwebs
Time to let that one go to the auto recycling yard.
So far half of the fun of this video is watching the removing of the tank straps
Derek, you are a true car warrior! Man, what a pain in the ass this Cadillac was and your persistence was awesome. Since unplugging the TPS made no difference, and a new O2 sensor had the same result, I would say your assessment of the ECU being cooked is probably accurate. I messed around with some GM TBI stuff when I was in HS and usually they're pretty easy to t-shoot, but never with the added layers of cylinder de-activation. Holley aftermarket TBI?
Gm's finest year LOL .
Those look like Oldsmobile hub caps to me man
The new filming style, is different and a cool change.
Just yank out all that crap, engine included and drop in an Iron Duke and call it a day.
Those true north little trees are my favorite
I bought 1 of those in the mid 90s and had been sitting few yrs , woman said it didn't run right and i soon after realized the electronics were junk and sold it asap
A carb swap would be good. There's nothing wrong with a quadrajet.
Hope you and the family is safe from the tornados!
Dude…..please put on some eye projection
Take it all out carb it
My ‘94 integra had the choker automatic seat belts. Amazing to see the ‘80s GM design language. Dad had an ‘82 Impala wagon and it looked so similar to this caddy! Ah, memories.
You really might have considered cutting the pipe but you’ve got plenty of energy - good fun to watch but felt for your struggle. Very very cool info on the Tbi - thanks
Who is the cameraman?
stuck injectorss????????
the drum taking a ride through the shop OMG🤣
How different was that TBI than one you'd see in a post 86 Chevy 350? Kinda surprised A1 Cardone didn't offer a rebuilt one, or if it was possible to scavenge the injectors from a chevy one.
That was a tough one grip.  Get it home and put new heads and holley efi in it
The MAP sensor was not very sensitive but the engine (water) temp sensor was very sensitive and could cause that problem. It starts on open loop ignoring the sensors but then goes into closed loop. A bad sensor then becomes the problem.
Derek you wouldn't  be every good at steeling cadillac converters in record time took to long lol. More practices needed my god Ha Ha !! Great work though .
I understand the “moment of truth” with this channel. When you are looking things over the first time you see something and then you pretend you didn’t see it. That would be the moment of lies and deception
The battle with the whole exhaust system killed me HAHAHAHAHA
Id like to see what you have to do to get it running with the original set up
Think I heard a snicker coming from under the hood when you were walking away. Should show it the crusher and see what happens
Did you try connecting positive and sad together for a bit to reset
Derek get your self a intake and carb for a 1980 368 and you should have a 200,000 mile cruiser, or turn it into a burn out machine with the 2:28 rear gear you’ll get plenty of wheel speed.
This would be a great cat to show how to retrofit an old electronically driven car back to carbs and analog.  Then sell it
Crazy idea. A much as possibles, get the fuel injection working. Maybe, just maybe, get the 12 6 3 working.
Needs an LS and a 4L80E. One of those rare occasions you wish for a Q-Jet! LOL!! More homeless mice. This car is an example of what happens when politicians force auto makers to defy physics. The consumer suffers. You may need to go get the 48 Studebaker to tow this p.o.s. home. LOL!!
Imagine being a Cadillac technician in 1981😮😂
My suggestion is film a tank driving over it,
I think a carb swap would be interesting.
Great video in that a great wrench like you still sometimes loses the battle fix it ( temporarily) like we hobby mechanics do. What next? You have to get it running with the original 864 system, no carb, no crate motor to honor the GM engineers of that era coming up with technology ( albeit imperfect) no other company (/American or European) would attempt. Cant wait to see a 20 minute followup video with the win, ( and get the radio working with an 8 track playing Buck Owens). Merry Christmas to you and the family. And because if you I use O’Reilly as first choice now for my parts to keep my old 70’s vehicles running.
Gotta know when to hold em, and Derek, well he knows when to fold emmmm, yeah!
Rip that thing off and put on a Holley carb.
Big block swap!
My parents had 2 of coupe devilles . It makes me feel real old seeing a car you grew up with being a barn find . Both had the 4100 which is the next gen after this disaster oh wait the 4100 was a bigger disaster. My mother’s caddy died at 43k miles and my father had the super caddy with a tape player , his died at 64k miles . Both died spectacularly so yea having 60k miles on a caddy was a fantastic feat unless you’re a millionaire. So my father did the right thing and dumped them both and in 1987 bought 2 Nissan maximas with the automatic 💺 belts which came out in 1986 but got banned due to idiots like my family just letting the automatic part work and not use the lap belt so you can play yellow submarine while getting into a car accident. Thank you for making me feel old . Squeeze the sides of the steering wheel not the center. Also the climate control has a service mode for code reads not the mpg console .
Love the fire extinguisher at the end.  Perfect.
Lord I hated those things and the early Delco electronics when everything was just going to computers absolutely a nightmare to diagnose anything
Go old school and drop a old caddy engine in it. Like a 500 cl
Wow, Derek you look just like a heart surgeon!🤔🤨🙄😒😮‍💨🤨
My grandfathers road master with a 350 TBI  had a bad coolant sensor. It would cause it to full bore both injectors. Would run fine-ish on one. I changes the coolant temp sensor it was perfect.
absolutely excellent video
Old caddilac no dont need one😂
Saving you two hours: continually cranks…poor running.  Installs new battery, fuel tank/pump, starter and alternator.  Attempts to free up sticking tbi, cuts off exhaust.  Followed by more cranking, stalling, cranking, stalling for another hour…can’t get it to run…throttle body flames up…walks away….car never moves….end video.
I wonder why she's got Oldsmobile hubcaps?
You should really fix this thing up and drive it to Hollywood and give it to C.C. DeVille from Poison. 😂
I SO NEED a slice of your calmness 😉👍
6bt burnout machine .
“TPS reports”…nicely done!
Watchin Derek tryin to get outta that rig with that seat all the way up 🤣 I get it all to well lol my g/f is 5'1 & I'm 6'1.. Big difference in the seat adjustments lol 😂
I have a 81 Seville with this same motor. They are complicated to say the least.   Do yourself a favour and buy the Cadillac shop manual. Its a must have!! It’s not an easy motor to work on especially the electronics. You will definitely need more time than two hours and 20 minutes to figure this out especially for a car that has been neglected like this one. Please do a follow up video. I would love to see this car running again .
👍👍
I want 2 hours of my life back. Can't wait for the conversion video!
Addendum: yes, a carb swap would be a solid to humanity in general.
My grandfather and great grands owned an auto parts store in the early 1900's into the mid 50s. My GPA always said Battry... but yet he get upset if we didn't speak proper grammar. I'd tell him GPA it's a BATTERY not Battry.
Great episode as always and it was a long one too
Engine swap it and put it in a demo derby.
Kinda reminds me of Chrysler's Lean Burn system in the late 70s. Total fail.
My dad had one of those! It was a nice riding car ! The only thing that went wrong with it was that the secretary system locked out the starter at the gas station ! And after 45 minutes of messing with it we finally figured out that the car had to be unlocked a certain way or it would not start! And it needed a new paint job after my brother drove it through a chain link fence after doing a brake job on it ! LOL
thats a busy engine bay
Give it a viking funeral...its halfway there already with the flames and smoke
I'm fairly confident all the problems here stem from Derek not replacing the cigarette lighter in the back seat properly at the beginning of the video. 🧐😆
That's a bit too modern for you Derek, I mean a mans got to know his limits and I think this Cadillac 8-6-4 is it. To be fair, I don't think the dealers knew how to fix it back in the day so hats off to you for trying but I really wanted to see you drive it home..
I really like the look of this car. What a good going to town car.
Try and make it work Derek.
In 1987 when I was 17, my dad passed down to me his 1982 sedan deville DIESEL.  It had around 240k on it at the time.  Ran into some engine problems and took the path of least resistance and bolted in a 350 Olds engine.  From there it got me through my senior year in hs and first year of college before the trans gave out.  It was a comfy ride.
LS swap with modern displacement on demand...finish the job GM started.
I did always want to see how a carb swap would turn out. Those were really good engines minus the electronics.
Don't let that thing beat you!  I used to own a 79 with a 428, it was a BEAST!  Carb swap that thing!  Defy the odds!
I wonder if Betty White had a misfit younger brother as well...
Carb swap and remove all that smog stuff. Really clear out the engine bay.
A fellor needs to wear those safety glasses and yes I did see those in the parts box, just saying. 😅 not being a safety geek just need to keep them peepers safe. I love your content and channel . Keep it coming 😊
The car is so nice it would be good for an LS swap for road trips or just a really nice going to town rig
That is a perfect candidate for an LS swap
That was the beginning of the end for Cadillacs, they just have gone down hill since, less luxury, more plastics and faulty electronics, they dont even sell in europe hardly anymore.
When in doubt check the codes. Google paper clip code reader.
I’m 38 minutes into this video and just realized you have someone on the camera. Lol subtle but nice! Almost feels like episode of Roadworthy.
that sad feeling when you get near the end of the video timeline and its not running at all yet......
Since you have the new fuel tank with pump, time to LS swap that hunk for the first quarter give away.  Would be cool to have 468 displacement!
Ok. That's so bad even I would put a carb on it. It's like it's got 864 problems or something. 😂
Carb swap simple form ?!?! Good luck
Rebuilding transmission, new clutches 😂😂😂😂
Carb swap. Sell as a driver considering effort involved. Bye bye Caddy
Put a 6.2 ls motor in with turbo 😂 I would to see that build.
You gotta LS swap this car with modern displacement on demand!
Hope everyone is safe from the storms 🙏
What a shit storm
I would just go with an LS swap that motor and everything else that goes with. It is a piece of crap.😎
My old , Caddiac  still does that. It also has limp mode , when things are ready messed up.
Tow it home and put a small block chevy in it.
Throttle position sensor ?
800-1810N is the GP Sorensen injector part #
After you get it running park it someplace with the key in it so you never see it again.
Carb swap.
Aww Man, Derek gets beat on this one. Been watching you for going on 3 years and the only time I have seen that happen was that mid engine oil burner you tried to drive home. That one was just dangerous. Nothing is as frustrating as mystery electronics. Good luck fixing it, I would actually like to see that.
Anti theft converters LOL
Carb swap, new exhaust, rear bumper fillers, and RIDE that land barge! 😉
🤣my friend called them 2-4-6s.
Hey, I just wanted to say Derek. You're great and up to good work! You kept my husband and I company in the ER today. So thank you.
Put a Holley sniper unit on it and drive it home 👌
One of the best episodes!  The runaway drum was HILARIOUS!!  Sorry it didn't work out.
Total classic.  This changes deserves every bit of success. Brilliant.
Why is Derek not in his own garage the past few vids?
Trust me, tow it to the scrap yard and walk away, don,t think about it you will live longer . Thanks for your great shows,a fan.
Think about it, you could possibly be one of the only people with a V8 – 6–4 Cadillacs that is fully functioning once you work through it. It's worth getting that crown! You'll certainly be much better at electronics after you get it straightened out
Good lord, that poor starter is earning its keep today 😂 Should be able to read the code thru grounding the A & B terminals with a paper clip in the harness under the drivers side dash. The check engine light blinks sequentially in numbers with pauses in between telling you the code. Code legend should be easy to get online
I had issues with my Cad , Would stop for no reason and like yours the T.B.I was erratic so I got rid of the T.B. I and put a quadrajet on it and removed various sensors and finally got it to run !!
LS SWAP
Mask: worthless for viruses. Pretty all right for mouse shit.
ChNge computer
Wonder if the computer stopped working correctly due to the voltage dropping with no charging whirler and it didn't know what to do (not that it knew in the first place)
Carb swap sounds way better, that looks like a very cool ride !
Please make this go away.
I had a 1981 cadillac fleetwood v8-6-4 back around 2002 It was a nice car but mine was locked into v8 only and someone had swapped the rear end from a newer 4 speed/overdrive car into my 3 speed car which made it into a real low end screamer but is sucked on the highway. I sold it after i accidentally put my knee into the windshield  while loading a church pew onto the roof. The white leather was was so dried and slick that if you touched the brakes without a seatbelt on you would slid off the seat into the footwell. I actually spent nearly as much for a genuine set of vintage caddy oem wire-spoke rims for it to replace the spoke hubcaps. I hated that high reving gas guzzler at the time but know I miss the old girl.
carb swap jobs a good one
That brake drum killed me 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂. She had eeeeeeeenough😂😂😂😂😊
She'd be perfect for a motor swap.
Floor jack and a piece of wood makes getting the fuel tank up easy
Love the air filter housing throw.
Future plans?  Gonna rip the fuel injection out and convert it to conventional 4 barrel carb?
also nto great to be in that building without a cat in the car....
Replace tbi
I feel like when the drum fell off and shot across the floor, it was a good representation of dereks sanity with this car.
"Modulated disp......" What??? Oh boy.😮 Engineers are great but sometimes they do some weird stuff. I've been saying for years that the parts store should sell dynamite. Bring those profits right up!
1:40:40, I would flip the injector around or connect one on the other.
Sell it now!!!!
Put a glass pack on it🤣
Thought the climate control did on board diagnosis.
Why?  That is a very good question...
OK, so it wouldn't make it.  As a watcher of your channel I expect this from time to time.  You make miracles happen most of the time anyway.  But the question now is what to do with it.  I'm sure every in the comments will say LS swap.  And that might be the best idea,  Also sell it and cutting your loses comes to mind.  First question for you Derek is, how much do you like this car?  It is in amazing condition, no rust, clean looking interior.  You like bringing these older cars back.  So let's say you want to resurrect this beast.  I say make it cool.  Four wheel disc brakes, 18"-20" real wire wheels.  Shave off the rear bumper supports and push that bumper right up to the body eliminating that plastic section.  Now for the drive train.  Caddy always had the best of everything,   Go big or go home they thought.  So go big, Supercharged 8.1 LS!  Fumigate, fix the head liner, Vintage Air, sound system.  It's the new going to town rig for the whole family.  Or a plush cushy ride for Jess.  She's a hot rod chick for sure, but every woman wants to be papered at times.  :). Keep up the great content, I never miss an episode!
I'm so glad that crawling on the ground under a car on jack stands is not proof I'm a awkward dork. I used to use two pieces of cardboard, one to cushion the gravel driveway, one to slide tools and parts in and out from underneath the car plus rust bits out. Experience taught me to wear those chemical type safety goggles. Age and better jobs let's me gladly pay a professional with a lift to do that type of work. 👴
Cool. I had an 81 fleetwood Bhoham With the 864. my first car that I bought. Thanks for the videos.
Want to see you learn how to fix this so you can start working on Post Nixon cars and maybe teach a thing or two there, fella.
LS swap. The body is sweet AF
Man, I’m stressed out for you.
I think that thing behind the thermostat housing that you unplugged, looked at, said "its rusty, probably dont matter", plugged back in, then it started and ran good, I'm pretty sure thats the coolant temp sensor, I'm not saying its bad per say, but a poor terminal contact could make for erratic readings to the ecm, the low end of the scale is -40°F, a cold start @ that temp requires alot of fuel to fire the engine, see where I'm going here?
I'm wondering who's crazier. The person who thought of the V8-6-4, the people who approved it, or the guy who tried to fix it. Good on ya Derek, rather you than me 🙂😎
Truck home then in your own shop continue on. We must not be defeated. 😮
Derek- sir, you have yourself there, a bullet proof 368 cadillac block- there is a way to rig it to all 8 cylinders >fuel injected V8 . That caddy will be ripping down the block, like a couch in a big tin can. Also handles   Excellent for an overseas container!
Derek's parts you did not see...1. Should have bought a '79 Caddy....
Lol. The comment section is a bunch of spoilers 😂😂, I came to say I feel like qe are gonnaneed a part 2 and obviously, sadly VG didn't get it on the first try. Guess he doesn't really run on sparkulators an VP juice 😅 awesome vid, my first car, 1200$ was a 24k gold edition Cadillac, guy had 2 on the property. Not rusted out in canada, thats a big surprise, now if that's what it really was I don't know never registered just bish beat the poor thing for a weekend than scrapped it
Engineer's must really hate mechanics designing these monsters.
Put a Carb and a HGI distributor like you have done in the past builds
Man whoever worked on it before sure wasn’t the sharpest tool in the shed. Probably cursed it and the air turned blue as they discussed the finer  points!
My 2 cents would to change it out to carb  when you get back to the car
Absolutely loved the video as always. Something that was really hard to deal with was the unskippable 45 second ads every 5-7 minutes. I’ve noticed this on multiple channels I watch . Generally on the longer videos. It’s like watching old broadcast tv again. I quit cable and regular tv because of the commercials. I hope this isn’t permanent.
Just bring it home and pull motor and LS Swap it.  Car is in great condition.
GM Quality
2:19:34 Wrong firing order 🤣🤣🤣🤣
LS swap it with forced induction and mini tub it. Make sure granny gets to bingo on time!
you could not do your usually heat and lubricate technique like you do with breaks to get other stuff off (Like the oil filter)
My ‘77 doesn’t have rear defogger either. I found it odd being Canadian however the car was originally a Florida car, so I assumed it wasn’t necessary for the original owner.
I think I would have had at least a couple cold snacks after the muffler issue lol!!!
I'd like to see you put LS into it and cruise it
With these cars if you disconnect the cylinder deactivation stuff it will run like a normal v8. However it is still just a 368 which was the last cadillac big block. 80 was the first year for that motor. Only the cylinder deactivation and related crap were 81 only. Get 80 parts like carb and distributor and it will be fine
That was hard fought loss. Time for Derek to demo derby a Cadillac I think
How does camera guy keep it together? lmao
I like the tannerite idea 😂
My anxiety is up just looking at that think😲
Love the vid man, what a problem rig to get running, what a challenge, this beast really does not want to come out of retirement....
Car manufacturers were really trying to keep the shade tree mechanic from wanting to even look under the hood. Take everything to the dealership to have it worked on. The mechanic would spend half the week just taking crap off to get it out of the way so he could get to the important stuff.
What does mouse taste like. You do things like when I was younger  love this content
Can I guy just do a carb swap?
And people wonder why auto mechanics are such grouchy assholes and alcoholics.  Especially Cadillac techs!  Oh yeah, your next project should be a 1982 Cadillac HT4100, ha,ha,ha. They are suicidal.
Tannerite is the answer to this problem!
Did he check the temp sensor it would drive them crazy lol
Love it, and I just keep thinking that your mantra should be 'What could possibly go wrong?' LOL - knees squeezed up against the dash, too funny.
How about you engine swap it?! Drop in a 6.0 LS. other than the crappy GM electronics, the rest of the car is nice!
I had this EXACTLY problem on a cheap car with TBI once, every time I switched it on,  the injector would slowly fill the intake up and flood it. I spent hours looking at it! I switched MAP, TPS, Oxygen sensors, pretty much everything bar the ECU/ECM. In the end the fix actually proved quite simple. I converted it into scrap metal, as it was clearly what it wanted to be. Problem solved!
Engine swap would be cool. As good of shape as the body and interior are, putting in some reliability could make it a pretty cool ride, I would think.
TPS reports😂😂😂😂 make sure they got a cover sheet! Whiter than a celine dion concert, im dying....
The 8-6-4 6 Litre engine, was offered in 1980 and 1981, the 425 c.i.d from 1977 to 1979 and the 4.1 litre from 1982 to 1986, the  5 litre V8 was std. from 1987 to 1991, in 1992 to 1993, the 5.7 litre, and from 1994 to 1996, the 5.7 litre LT1.
BTW.....I'll give you $2500 for it right now!!
What. A. Battle. I was dying laughing at the muffler moments because we we've all been there. The break drum and tbi fire were just the cherry on top. Haunted for sure.
You should have worked in the shops in those days , I grew to f;:/..Ing hate GM and Still Do,
I'd like to see you get this one running on the original engine/tbi setup.
The only other engine that was worse than this half baked contraption was the 5.7L converted gas to diesel V8 that was found in several GM cars around 1979. My dad’s Toronado being one of them. Truly a horrible design. Could not keep a head gasket. Seems like if a head gasket lasted until oil change you were winning.
Derick - never heard you mention or check the CTS(coolant temp sensor)..  Common problem on my C4 with the same symptoms.
I have a great memory of puking up my school lunch of spaghetti in the back of one of these...  My dad wasn't happy.
I would look into the coolant temp sensor or map sensor as a culprit in the not running properly those two can make it dump fuel. If you haven’t already. Keep your greasy side down!! 😁
That car would make a great daily driver, or even a luxury muscle car.   Would one of those Holley Sniper EFI systems work on this?  Honor the intent but modern tech.
Check the ohms on the injectors obd1 gm cars if 1 injector is out of its ohms it will just the car down no matter what you try it will just keep doing this it can be cold run fine for a few then shut down all over again once the injectors warn up so check cold and warm ohms
Oh my God I love watching your vids. Fire sir! ❤😂🔥
I owned one of these back in the late '80s that I bought from a dealer in San Diego, who was selling it for an old woman whose husband had died not long after he bought the vehicle new.  I had been parked in the sun so the lacquer burgundy paint was rather badly damaged on the hood and the trunk.  It had the same white vinyl roof, and exactly the same interior.  The only problem I ever experienced with the 8-6-4 was at freeway speeds with the cruise control on.  It would constantly jump from 8 to 4 and back again because 4 cylinders was just not enough to keep that boat going 70 on cruise control, so it would slow down and the ECM would keep firing up the other four cylinders to get it back up to speed.    An old mechanic at one of the garages I called said that there was a chip or something that you could remove that completely disabled the 8-6-4 routine, and it left you with a cast iron 350 that ran on 8 at all times.  I never tried this, but he sounded very confident in what he was saying.  I'm dropping this comment at the 1:43:30 mark so sometime in the last half hour plus of the video maybe you come across this.  I don't know yet.  But what I'd do in your shoes once you get it back to shop is rip out the whole ignition system and install one of the Holly Sharp Shooters or something like that.  As far as I know, the engine itself is the same as any other 350.  I could be wrong about that but I do remember the advice that old mechanic gave me.  I loved that car, by the way.
The camera person is ice. I could not hold the camera near as steady as they with some of the Derekisms.
Derek! Check coolant temp sensor resistance. Had same issue on old tbi 350 and when it goes bad it defaults to like -50 degrees so it will dump way too much fuel and flood
Derek had it right when he said “radio doesn’t work?! I’m selling it” 😂
Sadly, generations going forward are not as willing to digest a man sized helping of muffler dust. Lmao
I had one of these 368's in my '81 Seville that I got from my father. I remember the solenoids for the cylinder deactivation were so gummed up they wouldn't work correctly. I ended up just buying the regular rocker arm bolts from Cadillac and eliminating the solenoids completely. Made a world of difference. Only thing was when it tried to switch into 6 cyl. mode you would get a very quick dip in acceleration  that only lasted about a milli-second. The only thing the solenoids would do is change the pivot point of the rocker arm so they would pivot on the tip of the valve when activated, pretty neat actually. Good luck with it.
Derrick :...I'm gonna do a revival in your shop if thats ok....Oreilly ceo:...Sure...just don't make a mess...3 mins later....everythings fine...had to do a muffler delete..lol
I have 4 injectors from 85 corvette that I don't plan on reusing. You can have them if you want!
What's the opposite of a Casper? This haunted car sure isn't friendly.
2:03:09 well...at least the drum wanted to leave the shop....
ls3
Kind of reminds me of a gbody and we all know those are only good for one thing… gut it, tub it, mega hp send er down the sticky pavement on some big tires with no tread
I had a 350 TBI Chevy truck and it  was dumping fuel out of the injectors real bad like that, turns out the return line was clogged. I got the return line free'd up and it ran perfect. If fuel can't return to the tank it gets dumped right through the injectors
Looks like a big block replacement canidate
Send help. (I'm laughing already).
Wow, camera person made me feel like too many wobble pops, while watching 😊.  Not a bad thing.
Its because the radios not hooked up
Time for four barrel fuel make it happener
Ls swap it. Would be a cool rig to use on power tour.
I've only seen you not get it done like twice. That was hell you did get it running I would have let a match to it a long time ago
Saw the tornadoes go thru Tennessee on December 9th  hope you and your family are safe and well
This car is nice enough that it  deserves a swap of some kind...either to a carb or a complete LS.
You got so blessed on this car and how you made the fuel injection thingie work.
Lift tank with jack
Not worth a dime
the brake drum ranaway!
Seriously derek wear a respirator and safety glasses when doing this nasty mouse infested vehicles.  Can these broccoli injection units just be scrapped and put on a 4 barrel intake and carburetor or holley sniper unit?
My dad had this exact same car but it was silver not white, Great Car
gas tank out fuel pump bad tbi carb is gummed up its the perfect situation to make it carbureted with low pressure pump
That was a nightmare! Sorry you had to go through that. Maybe throw a carb on it so you can go to town with it.
ls swap
Video starts... "Cadillac V8-6-4 with terminator broccoli injection. is it as bad as everyone thinks?"  2 hours pass... "Turns out, no. Its worse!"
Swap a carb on it, and sell it. That Will put it back on the road, and we.wont have to see it again.
ls swap it and make a going to town rig
Donate that POS to charity and take a tax write off.
Don't forget to safety squint!
Swap in a holley sniper !!!!
You should name this white caddy “Carl” Christine’s brother😂
JMHO:  Go old school with this Caddy.  Get rid of that computer, TBI, and all related parts.  Install a good 4 bbl carb and dual exhaust.  And then.....Power Tour 2024!
Haul it too the scrap yard.....🤣😂
carb swap it. nice enough condition vehicle to continue to try.
It was the 3rd gen accord that had the seat belt option not prelude
If anything was ever a candidate for an LS swap this is it.
Carb swap to add some rebiliti
I hope u guys r okay after the tornados went thru.
Hi Derek!? Whay did you waste  so much time on that old crap. Would it not be easier and faster to replace the old egnition system and a carburetor...?
WHY!?!
We really needed bill for this one😂
If you and Eric O from South Main Auto could collaborate on a part 2 that would be cool. His diagnostic style on electrodigicals is incredible.
It was like driving down the road while sitting in your living room easy chair.
Oofta May! That was probably the hardest, most stubborn rescue you have ever done Derek. Just goes to show that simple engines with fuel make it happiners can be fixed to get a guy to his hometown. I love classic cars and that car is very original, but it needs to be put into a demo derby as it's haunted by the devil!
Derek.... LS swap this bad boy.
Good episode but I couldn't watch the whole thing for all the ads that kept popping up and each one was longer than the one before it!
man that cadillac is a struggle! feel your pain
I was wrenching at the time and heard a lot of stories and never had too many issues, maybe they all went back to the dealer for electronic issues. Had a couple as well and did work normal-ish.
The rear brake drum shooting across the garage summed this episode up pretty good. I was cracking up then saw you doing the same.
I don't know if anyone else noticed that you had someone holding the camera for you on this project, but i have no idea how they were not laughing their backside off!  :D  Also I think the 8/6/4 thing is a neat concept  but you can't imagine now FAST I'd remove all that stuff off the car (not to mention all that rotten smog pump crap) and make this poor engine back into a simple V8 with a trusty NA carb - sheesh.
Just drop down to nwa and drop it off at my house or I might could  pick it up
Love the muffler work out. Not!!
I think a carb swap video would be pretty handy for people who are afraid to do that.
carb swap, or modern efi (that's been done 10000000000000000000000 times though) forget that, just do carb swap. The engine (at least fuel injection, V8/6/4, etc, sucked when it was built), just do carb swap so it will drive reliably, (haha) independently from the computer. My brother (who is now 62) has been a mechanic his whole life and has always loved the late 60's, 70's etc caddys, he has said many times he would never touch a V8/6/4 one. My hat is off to you for trying as hard as you did. u did get it to run, can't blame you for an ECM that probably had bad programming to begin with and is now bad
Great job Derek. You fought the good fight. Great car, bad computer.
Currently watching from my 81 Eldorado with an Oldsmobile Tornado gas engine swap 😂
Early electronics,um,you need to able to get the fault codes,I also not sure about about the injection rebuild,could be sticking,just saying,some one who watches your channel must have the necessary skill on this system,it would be nice to keep original,but if someone else has the passion to keep the car on the road ,sell it,that’s my view,thanks for the video.
Rip that crappy smog motor out and put a big block Chevy in it and make a cool cruiser
I'll be dipped, someone is holding the digical video doodab. You are no longer lone wolf 6000'ing it! Congrats
Just watched the video and having wrenched on GM cars and have had a lot of experience with TBI injection across different manufacturers. One thing has always been true, If it’s running Rich to the point where it’s even flooding out, it is always the engine coolant sensor that the computer reads. I seen you unplug it and look at it and say that’s corroded and you plugged it back in and you went to start the vehicle and it started. It ran great for just a while. I think you have either a bad coolant sensor, or a bad connection to the coolant sensor. Would love to know if you ever get it running what it was that ultimately fixed it. GM vehicles of that era were also known to have ECM problems and GM put their ECM’s right below the heater car. You can also just unplug the ECM, and it will generally run in a limp mode.  Love the channel and my boys watch the channel also and they do learn a lot from you.
The old GM Toilet Bowl Injection was actually incredibly reliable. I’ve worked on probably 1000 vehicles with it on it over my nearly 20 years as a mechanic and they rarely have issues. I think the only reason they get so much hate is because certain people would rather have a carburetor because they don’t understand fuel injection. That and they were installed almost exclusively on malaise era vehicles (or relics of that era) that made 1/2 the power they should make, even though that really had nothing to do with the TBI.  The problem with this car is probably the coolant temperature sensor. That’s usually what makes them pour fuel immediately when cranking. If it is corroded or just bad/disconnected, the ECM will think that the engine is sub-freezing (usually -40) and just _pour_ fuel in because that’s the only way the engine would actually start if it were truly that cold. The O2 sensor has zero effect on the fuel injection until after the engine has been running for a few minutes AND the coolant temperature sensor is greater than a certain temperature (my memory says 160F). Even then, its adjustment ability is limited to about 25% of the total amount of fuel being injected, which is _not_ enough to make it flood that badly. Cars will typically run OK even if they’re running 25% rich (they just get horrible fuel economy). If there is any fuel coming out of the injection without the engine running or cranking, it’s because it’s leaking. Could be leaking past the injectors that were seized up and probably damaged by being jabbed with a screw driver or a split o-ring around the base of the injector.   The cylinder deactivation is a different story. That’s a disaster now, there was basically zero chance that it would work 40 years ago.
I had a buddy that owned one of these cars and he loved it. It ran great, until it didn't anymore. He took it to the dealer and they told him that it would be some astrnomical amount to replace the PCM. They offered him a good amount for trade-in and he took it.
I've got a 1990 that's been setting for 19 years
New engine drag build
PLEASE WEAR SAFETY GOGGLES!!!  PLEASE!!!
Derek exceeded my expectations with this one. I didn't expect it to run at all. He actually got it to idle.
As soon as I saw this thumbnail. I knew this one wasn't going anywhere. That 4,6,8 bs was awful in the 80's and time hasn't helped it. Should have just let it burn to the ground once the backfire through the throttle bodyish happened.
cheap junkyard ls swap caddy
Running it to get all the junk from up top doesn't really make sense. You're pushing junk back up there. Changing the oil before starting it makes more sense because it has had so long to settle to the bottom.
Carb swap!!!!
This car is a disaster. You could do a lot with that but Derek, I think you should sell this to one of your YouTube friends and they could do something with it , 4-6-8 on demand...? When I saw you were on this 468 I figured you'd end up turning into a V8 and then drive it. That would be the only way ..but the typewriters had me rolling. That's good stuff. 😅 Now you see why the previous owner removed the gas tank with a. Sawzall😂.
Holey 600, remove all the original digicals, hoeses and doo-dabs and make it run, it's a pretty clean rig.
Just Class muffler ,Mouse,excersise ,black death action ....Funny as fook
Pretty good chance that car has a bad coolant temp sensor. When the temp sensor goes bad or the computer doesn't see a coolant temp signal it defaults to cold start fuel. Basically the computer is acting like it is -40 F and adding extreme cold start fuel.
Do you ever get stopped by a cop while trying to get the various cars home?
Ads every five minutes. I'm out.
I would have shown up with a carb and adaptor for that thing. They make one!
"safety squints" LOL
Derek you are one hell of a mechanic and guy….sometimes you don’t win….the way you held it together and didn’t give up and still gave us a great show was really impressive!  I think it’s important to show it doesn’t work out every time…..push that one in a ditch and on to the next one!  Appreciate the heck out of you
definitely do a carb swap!
A Bad Barn Dance with Betty Whites Bipolar sister....Feelin for ya Fella
Omg Please for the Love of GOD do Not let this person film you again, getting sea sick from watching this
This is how all my repairs go, so pretty relatable.
The MUFFLER PART!!!!! HAHAHAHAHHAHAHAH
Good job Derek!!! 👍👍👍 You can't win em all 😊
I'd burnt that junk after the first three tries. Such an engineered nightmare 🙂
It would be cool if there was a way to modernize all the sensors and crap and still maintain function in the cylinder cuts. Add turbo, switch to E85 and maybe get 17-19 MPG's lol
Patience of a saint! The brake drum was hilarious!
That's a nice car...too bad it's got such a junk powerplant.😡
GM is notorious for putting out engines without fully testing them. If you remember the diesel conversions they tossed out in the 80s, and how you couldn't get rid of these pos's, dealerships wouldn't take them as trade in, even from the place you bought it from. GM went to arbitration and owners did get something of money back from GM.
All of the 8/6/4 were junk from the get-go... Automatically disabled them all to run on 8 cylinder. To this day i think i've only seen 2 that actually worked the way they were designed.
Ls it
what could possibly go wrong? 🤣🤣 Littering O'reilly's pristine shop. ☺ great video 2x👍
❤ Hope you and your family are safe after Saturday storms!
I had a 1981 Eldorado and the official term for the engine was V8-6-4 AND TOW!
Really nice car minus the drivetrain.   Needs a carb.. or LS with Holley term X and 4L80.  Then you can rip everything out and grow in in the trash.
I had a 78 Cadillac Fleetwood for little over a year, odometer said 17777 when I got it, ran good but parts were next to impossible to find
This has to have been your toughest assignment I've seen you tackle, Dereck... it was clear you were often frustrated, disheartened AND YET you kept positive right to the bitter end.  You, sir, are a champion, and we salute you! Now then, what to do with this rotten old thing... personally, if you aren't willing to throw a match in it and do some total destruction episode with it, can you please just rip out that awful old engine and simply slot in a nice normal V8 with a carburettor and a whole lot less electronic palaver? For me, this episode has been a living, breathing confirmation that crap that is foisted upon an engine in a misguided effort to make it more 'efficient' or 'sustainable' or 'environmentally friendly' will, in the end, only make things much, much WORSE.
I would enjoy a followup where you completly chop / tear / dissect every usless pice of hose and cable in this beast...Fabricate / buy an adapter plate for a Holley and stick in some kinda simple MSD ignition.. Let that poor engine live for the first time in its life and also shows others how to save them if they find them :-).. Fantastic vid as always.. God Bless.
Send Help fairly good deal. Trying to get rid of them.
Oil pressure sensor, coolant sensor, intake air temp sensor, bad computer.  Something is keeping computer in open loop.
How much laughter from the camera person did they remove? I have to imagine this is the first time a host has snorted 8 pounds of mice house and then hocked it onto the floor like a cat
lol awesome intoduction-agez with hopefully not too many waste-agez  a guy can't even buy a basic car now-days.... *sigh* at least i still have my good old manual-shift toyota! very basic. power windows and not much else. medium-good on gas, i'd say
As you said earlier, tannerite. Blow it up...
Check out the coolant temp sensor, if it's faulty it tells the computer that is -30 degrees and it will dump fuel like crazy. If that doesn't work, try changing the MAP sensor
Carb swap it! My neighbor had one of those Caddies, but not for long. I'd love to see that car on the road!
on some gm,s you can get to the spark plugs by taking the tire off and going thru the wheel well
Beaut
Turbo Ls swap? Fast boat sounds like fun
You didn’t give her the B12!
This was hands down my favorite video yet.  I greatly appreciate the time and effort you put into these videos as well as reaching these vehicles.  Watching you fight through those issues while keeping a level head and still being funny about it is priceless.  Keep it up Derek.
Get a Holley EFI
I enjoyed this video very much and love the car, but there are many gobs of gremlins hiding in this rig.
Not saying the application of the unstuck juice is not approved. However, a Guy needs to remember his squint goggles when applying juice that sprays that far.  Also you need a grenade to fix the engine...
LS swap it !
I wonder if the computer or chips out of the pickup trucks in that era would work with all the displacement stuff disconnected. Carb swap tine
this is why you hate digicals. those 80’s early injection system were terrible!!!!!!! gm crossfire injection, those caddys and currently fighting a 1 year only 89 dodge truck tbi unit with super annoying traits. i feel your pain.
LS swap.....
Well if it were a horse , you could shoot it ,,,,,,, lol 😅
An old junk man trick is to pour gas down the throat, don’t crack the throttle and start the engine. It will set and idle for a short while. It works even on carbonated engines to prime the fuel pump.
What a pile, great content as always. Keep it up!  The body is so clean what about an engine swap??
The solution to your 8 6 4 problems occurred at 2:19:35
I was a mechanic at a Caddy dealer back in the day and I hated seeing these 8-6-4's come in. One of those designs that looked good on paper but sucked in application.  In truth I hated pretty much everything Cadillac made in the 80's. At the top of that list was the utterly lousy transverse mounted FWD 4100 {4.1 liter} V8. What an ill engineered pile of junk that was and GM warranty paid squat to work on them.
LS swap
I know what it needs, a small block Chevy!! Problem solved.
I'd like to see you put a carb on it & toss that computer down the road 😂😂
I like the tannerite ideal that way we can all have a little fun
The camera man is on point. Good action shots and snickers at funny bits o and the brake drum leaving the chat
I can’t even imagine the engineers at GM in 1980 looking at that engine bay and saying “mission accomplished”.  You should have bought a battery cutoff switch to reboot.
Dont circle back later Derek not on this ....leave this one for your wife or son!
It’s the solid 5 mins of fighting the muffler 🤣🤣🤣🤣 much love Derek!!!❤️😎🤘🏻
Loved the ride when it would run.
Nothing a little arson can't fix.
Nice, can you imagine sitting there in the showroom in 81 doing the deal with add ons including the vanilla scent, then arriving home and emerging from the car like a look at me iam a god to the applause of your neighbours then for the next day to be the start of 42 years of spinning and swearing.
MERRY CHRISTMAS SIR 🤓🇺🇸👍
I say take that paper weight out and drop in a ls and get it over with lol
I like how the rebuild kit looked like an unopened Christmas ornament from the 70's.
I've owned numerous of these 1980-1985 Caddy coupes. When I would purchase them I would be super excited and couldn't wait to get them home just to have them and enjoy them, then when once home that enjoyment would quickly fade and I would be reminded on why I sold the last one you know one of those Love/Hate relationships. Over thought, over engineered and way underbuilt (as in quality). Never owned one of the 4-6-8's, mine were the 1980 Carb'ed 368 or the infamous 4100. Funny thing, I don't currently own one but if I found a decent one that was priced right I would by it on the spot. If you have a hard time understanding that, then I challenge you to drive one then you'll know why!
Anyone else just die laughing at the muffler push ups..... that is the most real struggle of what average Joe's do while on the floor and on jack stands. LOVE IT!!!!!!!!!!!°
I've always said, Too many sensors these days! Try to stick to the older cars! Great work though!
Big black Chevrolet, hot rod, power tour giveaway car perfect
The fact that it runs sweetly then has a fit tells you that the basic hardware is good (basic fuel system etc). The PCM is seeing something it doesn't like (there aren't actually many inputs) due to a duff sensor, harness, connector or obviously the actual PCM being faulty internally. Fair play for keeping at it though - epic to watch as usual! The runaway drum was a real highlight!
If I were nearby I would just bring you a carb and adapter to ease this pain
I would replace the TPS, MAP, and ECT to start. Or better yet, pull codes.
It’s refreshing to see when someone has a more accurate experience as I often have, to wit everything goes wrong, everything is junk, and it turns into a total ship show.
Sounds like a bad Computer problem.
Dude, I feel your pain. Kudos , because I would have lost my cool way before you seemed to have, some you win and some ... well, it's best forgotten. Great videos btw.
Was going to recommend Bob barker to name it but after you worked on it a while I think it's a Stephen King
Crossfit should add your muffler removal to their exercise program. hahahahah
Great vid, as per usual, maybe not so much on the "blair witch" camera shake lol
It was at that moment you’re under the car slamming the muffler up and down, and O’Reilly is like “wait… we’re payin this guy?”
Loved to see at the gun range filled with Tannerite.
Oh man did this one fight. never seen the likes. I was getting annoyed sitting here can only imagine how you felt, Can you please look after yourself more tho wear some safety glasses, Im not American and im saying you are a national treasure
This guy wants to see you replace the computer indoor do more diagnostic also and get it running with the TBI in place. This guy don't like carb swapped F.I. vehicles!
The Tbi is not a bad system it's a bad system on the 468 piece of c*** cad,  I have a setup on an 88 pickup very dependable works good you still have to deal with the TPS ETC electrical parts, normal stuff like that but it is very dependable you can  Increase injectors to a bigger size make some pretty good horse power.
you have 86 that engine and ls swap that bad boy that could be jessicas pimp mobile.. id pimp that ride all over the place
No guts, no glory". Who knew so many little demons were lounging in this Cadillac
Engine swapp!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Best solution!!
Derek is a good mechanic.  Wish he was working in our area
Perhaps a guy can check that fuel psi like ya said and stick a reliable OBS 87-95 5.7 TBI unit on it along with truck computer and truck MAP sensor ???.... Nope stick a 500 caddy it it and a NOS plate
What kind of work light is on that hood?
Well Derek, you put the SEVERE in PERSEVEREANCE. Sell the caddy.
that muffler battle, lol
Car seems nice enough to save .. I would go straight to a used 472 500 425 swap as that 368 POS is same family easy bolt in carbureted. Or maybe even if ports are smaller maybe a regular Cadillac Quadrajet intake will still bolt up and tear all that junk off
I worked on contract at the Clark St. Cadillac plant about the time these were being made, and that was about the time the cars were being sabootaged with Coke bottles in the doors.  The build quality was fine, but the labor forces were not on the right side of the fence.
You're determination on getting this Cadillac back on the road iis incredible.,but if i was there with you  I'd help tou get  that meas to the crusher!
It's a much better video when you have someone filming you as opposed to having the camera on a tripod.  Really enjoyed this one!
How in the heck did that drum come flying off ?
I love these 2 door caddy’s. I had an 83 that was early efi. It fought and fought until I put a carb and clicky clack pump on it.   It would be amazing to have this car and ls swap it for a super nice cruiser with a little zip to it!
I don't think the first injector is working correctly, even though it is now clicking.   Maybe a new set of injectors are required to have clean nozzles once again, that actually close when requested. I wonder how much of that computer system can be deleted, if you can fit a standard Carburettor. Nice car otherwise, once the engine problem is solved...   Will be watching this space for any further videos.
All that crawling in an out.. i did see a creeper on the wall but a lift would have been sweet huh.. maybe those injectors are stuck open
Apparently O'Reilly provided a camera man too!  Next time have him lay off the coffee before filming.  😄
I'm going to make some people mad but I been watching this show from the start and it just keeps getting cornier (if that's a real word)by the episode. Really 5min of banging a muffler off the floor. You were funny in the beginning now it's just annoying.
Well that was an ordeal. I bet it was a lot more fun to watch than to do.
36:12  YOU MADE ME SPIT MY DRINK OUT LAUGHING MY ASS OFF! YOUR KNEES TO YOUR CHEST AND YOU KEPT TALKING LIKE IT WAS NOTHING. LOLOL
Remove this mess this car NEEDS a good old big block
What GM also did in these days like they did the Diesel 350. These 368CI were taken out by some dealers and these were retro fitted with either of two engines you could get a Oldsmobile 307 CID V-8 or a Gas 5.7L 350 BBL V-8 as an option. One of my teachers had one of these and the engine AFM blew up the engine and the Cadillac/Oldsmobile dealer put in 4BBL 5.7L Gas 350CID V-8 and she drove it trouble free for 25 years after the original engine blew at  15,000 miles and got a Oldsmobile Rocket 350. Most of these engines were retro fitted to the two Oldsmobile Rocket 307 or 350.
sesnsors?
To see this man struggle so hard with this car... despite his mechanical sense and mind is crazy. I know he doesn't like or understand fuel injection well... but wow, it made me feel better when I struggle with mechanical stuff.
engine swap
Holly Sniper swap! Remove all that 8 6 4 stuff.
I would really like to see this car with Holly EFI
Muffler removal!!!!  The best.  LMAO
as no vacuum to map   mm
Run and drive in a shop?  Your becoming later years of Roadkill
Best thing I've heard him say if you think about it. "Missing gas tank" No chance of running bad gas through.
GM is a slow learner and wastes a lot of money. Reason why they went broke in 2008/09.     I use a AFM disable plug in on my 6.0 Chevy Tahoe LFA engine so it doesn’t shut down.  At some point if I still own it I will install the AFM delete kit and an upgraded camshaft.
Carb swap and computer delete. The best electronic part is no electronic part!
Hello we have been trying to reach you about your cars extended warranty.  We offer coverage for stuff not to include loosing your mind all over again.
That's one sad engine
find the map sensor
I wonder if a combination of that tool and softening those creases with a torch would have made the job easier
The shaky camera is killing the quality of this video and distracts from the content.
Bruh get some safety glasses please bruh
Put a 460 Ford with a blower on it and use it for burnout competitions.
My folks owned one, top trim was as The Guy says a “Broham”and it was well maintained and it lasted a good while for them.  They took several road trips in it.  On one trip away from home they were rear ended at a stoplight by a 18 wheeler and they both were injured and the Cadillac was a total loss.  My dad who was in the car business started buying Town Cars after GM down sized their big car lines.
Put the new computer in and get it running good
Cadillac engineers obviously hate mechanics
That was the last good looking Caddy, that interior is nearly identical to my 82 LeSabre that I had.  I put 200,000 miles on it before I sold it.  Best $1200 I spent and it lasted me 20 years.  That caddy you got is a fantastic deal, running or not I know people paying 4 and 5 grand for cars that barely run around here.  I guess the "run" part of that is worth an extra couple grand. probably not.
map sensor
Stop engine light going on when pressing the key in, is a sign of a worn ignition cylinder. Cadillac wired that light in with the Buzzer that sounds when the key is in an the door is open. Should be the same on Betty White.
waiting for the huge gm 2 door open close sound!!!!
The exhaust batte at 1:02:50 was a mechanic blackbelt  move.   How do you not love this guy!
"Everything's going to be fine......no". Man, that kills me every time. Great intro.
Can we say engine swap and computer delete when you get it home.
I'd look at the temp sensor and the connector
Throw a Holley EFI on it, take it to race with Cleetus, could call it Crown Vic and a tank.
solid vid but im not really a fan of a dedicated camera man, im not against getting help but there is something about just set camera angles
I remember discontenting the AFM on these back in the mid to  late 1990's
Oh no one of the second to worst Cadillac engines ever made. These 368 CI engines were fine once the AFM (active Fuel management) was disconnected  and the 368 ci was 1981 only and maybe hard to find parts for as these were discontinued for the Hook & Tow 4100 4.1 V-8
You rely should indulge in a pair of safety glasses and of course a mask, God wouldn't know what you were inhaling from that old muffler, used / old mufflers and cat converters are full of heavy metals ad other toxins,  you'd be better of smoking 20 a day.
i have nothing bad to say about those early tbi (toilet bowl injection) engines. i've had more problems with the ignition control modules and fuel pumps than the tbi unit itself. i think i've only replaced one set of injectors. if you keep the vacuum leaks plugged, delete the EGR, and give it a free flowing exhaust and snip the o2 sensor, it'll run a touch rich but it'll atleast stay running at a light. almost as reliable as death and taxes. i parted a 95 chevy truck out that had over 350k miles on it, cracked transmission but that tbi motor fired right up every time. my 95 gmc c1500 has 281k on the original tbi 305. it was beat on before i got it 8 years ago, and i have a heavy right foot. been through 4 transmissions and 3 junkyard 10 bolt rear ends, but the 305 is bulletproof. i have a 350 vortec im building for it, but the 305 is still kickin. if it aint broke dont fix it.
Got to love 80’s GM electro digicals. I do like the part when you said “now that it’s been demo-derbied lol😂. A guy is curious though. Has a feller ever ran in a demo derby?
Looks like a luxury burnout rig with a carburetor
Carb swap GM was baffled by this one with hundreds of techs in the early 80's. Electronics were notvup to the tasks that they were asked to do AI in the age of pong!
Small block, big block or Ls swap. But toss that garbage lol.  At least the heads up.
"Ran when Parked" aka "ran until it didnt!"
funny a GM with a bad fuel pump?  Didn't they finally fix this issue in.... oh wait they haven't fied that one yet.
Awesome video so far, love the camera guy stifling laughter here and there. 😂
Licks dipstick but dust is too much😂😂 Buys all the parts and then checks for engine rotation 😂😂
Hope you enjoyed Springfield while you were here, next time don’t be a stranger.
Love u to continue with a carb swap & a really major burnout,,,!! Lol 😅
oh good 2 .2 hours of derek!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  dont like the 16 minute motortrend stuff
What a frustratingly hatefull car😂
You definitely tried . I would have pushed it outside and tossed a steak on the hood and grabbed a box of wobble pop's.
Love the fact the camera man zoomed in on the fuel pump plug and does not say anything then Derek finds it!! Ha ha good stuff
LS it!!!
anyone know what VGG does with all these cars once running?
The way to take of rusty mufflers seems familiar. Can never get the cut completly of at the top,and you must wrestle it in the rustflakes😂
LMAO,,, 😂 when that rear brake hub went rolling cross the floor,,,!!
You got many power tools laying around you can use the battery of them to test almost everything with that
Lost the battle but I bet we win the war with this one
As much as I'd like to see a proper efi sniped on this car. It  simply wouldn't be worth the effort. Maybe someone out there is a caddie fanatic. The good news is Derek put out the fire and didn't let it burn to the ground. I can't say I would have done the same.😂
Muffler delete made my day. Memorabilia right there.
Burnout champion
Window seals tend to leak on those and drown the computer. You can replace the computer and vacuüm seal it so it wont get water damaged. After that it might work just fine. But if you want to avoid a ride of pure terror and fucking disaster id put a carb on it. Trust me i have a HT-4100 ive been through hell with that fucking Fleetwood Brougham. It drained my savings faster than i drained my balls at the age of 12.
the carb swap would have bin cool. from injection to carb gonna need some parts.
Great attempt there, you deserved to win. So annoying they put computers in everything. All they do is cause pointless problems!
modulated displacement system... lovely. LOL. 59 pullys
the 1984 ford fairlane had the first (for a australian built car ) efi engine, it was very sensitive to vacuum leaks, if you ever wanted to annoy a car dealer selling on of the cars fitted with this engine  all you needed to do was pull the oil dipstick out a touch and it would run rough
This has got to be the most aggravating one you've worked on Derek! I loved the rear drum flying away. 😅😂
My boy singing some Jonny cash happy holidays
Sell it!
Wow, I remember walking by a Cadillac dealer back in 1981when that car was new. That my experience with it😅
I thought for a minute you were going to be heading home in a Dart!
Engine delete?
I’ve owned an 83 Coupe deVille for over 20 years and holy crap I can feel every emotion you are having. I can smell this video. I loved every minute of this one.
Put an aftermarket fuel management system in it and make an episode 2
G'day...what a nightmare ...the answer is an LS swap...😅
Air out the garage!!  Not good to breath those fumes !!! Is the alternator working!?
That TB gave me a panic attack.   You should find the highest mileage 4.8/60E junkyard turd and swap that in with a $72.12 budget. Then once it does big greasy burnouts up and down Main, make it a give away disaster.
Just a thought. Could you just replace the engine with something easy like a carburetored 350?
@vicegripgarage Just hear me out….. big block swap…..
Worked on these engines and yes the electronics were terrible. Brand new parts were also defective right from the dealer.
How did it rain under the hood
Those are Oldsmobile 98 hubcaps. They look close to the caddy hubcaps. Nice car!!!
Hook a bunch of potatoes together like the professor would do on the TV show Gilligan's island
I appreciate you letting me ride shotgun with you. I enjoy the crap out of your videos..
Back in the day, if you were the kind of person who could afford this car brand new, why would you worry about fuel mileage ? Still, I feel sorry for every car buyer in the history of the automobile, myself included, who bought a new car in good faith that turned out to be a poorly conceived, poorly designed piece of shyte that the manufacturer would not take due responsibility for.  I say, if you have another carbed V8 back at rusty acres you can throw into it and make it the decent car it should have been.
What is with this bad habit of “safety squint?” Didn’t you learn your lesson with the last eye injury?
Lol poor old Cady, makes me miss my first car. I had the same poverty caps on my 82 cutlass Supreme. She was a boat too ❤
Carb swap
Merry Christmas and Happy New year to the Bieri family.
My Dad had a version of this car with this engine. Was pretty neat technology - tromp on it 8 - when you relax a bit trying to get up on plane it goes to 6 then when your cruising 4 -cool was watching that gauge as it moved through the changes. My sister loved it so much she bought it from him. That said yeh she had technology issues with it and sold it but after many miles. My sons GMC I believe changes from 8-6 active cylinders so the Cadillac was pretty innovative for early. Love your show Derik, wonderful family. Just received my Vice Grip Garage work shirt👍👍. Keep it up sure enjoy your videos and hope to see season 3 of your rescue show on MotorTrend.
I have changed many of those Injectors a long time ago.  Never have I ever touched the allen screw.  I think that was for setting the pintel travel/fuel volume on a injector flow bench at the injector manufacturer.  Measure the injector pulse width,  this will tell you if the pcm is commanding an over fuel situation.
This needs and exorcismo 😂😂😂😂
I would've thrown a wrench through the windshield. I saw Derek getting frustrated but he never lost his cool... ON CAMERA.
best line ever 10 mins 10 sec   *its in my soul*
Twisty twisty is better than upee downee to remove exhaust
Crusher fodder?
The mice left Haunted Virus in that car! Not to be confused with Hantavirus.
Enough with the spitting dude especially when it’s not your floor
So cut the pipe,don't get hanta virus,you pillock Derek
Hi mate I’m in the central uk I would drive that looks tidy I love the old school cars you have in the USA
What a wonderful mechanical engineering marvel. Can't imagine why it was made for only 1 year ! 😂 Should have let the carb fire continue....😅😂
This seems the be the least enjoyable revival I’ve seen him do. Don’t get me wrong he has infinitely more patience than I would. His ability to pivot and push forward as the task gets increasingly more daunting is beyond admirable.    Keep up the great work. Watching your videos over the years finally gave me the confidence to start a project car. I’m hoping I can keep my cool half as good as you do as I rebuild my 71 Skylark.
The vehicle is too nice inside and out not to try and do anything to preserve it.  Whether it be an engine swap, carb,. swap, whatever.  Please make it a project!
I had 81" Eldorado with 4-6-8. Because nobody wanted these I was able to grab It cheap. It was tweaked to run as an 8 all the time. It ran great and I had that car for a few years.
When I clicked on this video I said to myself “20 bucks says the 8-6-4 is deactivated.” These were awful.
Bro that muffler beat the living shit out of you
this  is a job i would expect @watchweswork to take on, drop it off at  his  place
Wish you were solo on this one like normal.
I've never laughed when watching YouTube.....when the drum rolled off I had to pause the video from the belly laugh. When it rains it pours.....belly laugh funny!!!!!
Hey Derek  how about a Cummins 5.9 with exhaust thru the hood call it the cadieseilac
DAMN! What an absolute nightmare!  How about an LS swap on this one?
I love your videos, but please, stick with the stands instead of a camera man!  The wobbly, shaky, back and forthness made this video difficult to watch!
check the ect
Meth heads steal catalytic converters off cars in like 2-3 minutes
Reverse-engineer it to an '80. Get that computer out of the mix. Nice try on something w-a-a-y overdesigned.
I cheered when the brake drum left the chat.   The car's own parts don't want anything to do with it.
Wrong fuel pump.  Those run very low pressure, most of the other cars at the time ran higher pressure.  Fuel pump over pressuring the injectors causing them to stick open, and even when it does run, it's way rich.   If you adjusted the fuel pressure regulator down to where it actually ran a bit, the pressure was likely still too high.
What a painful video to watch. No wonder it was parked. Imagine the $$$ a dealer would charge!!!
Im am by no means a mechanic. Could you rip all the crap out, put in a Holley Sniper? Leave it full time V8? Derek, thank you so much! For bringing us all this enjoyment.
Derek's comedy club 😂
All the mice living in the tailpipe and muffler. Makes a fella (and fellet) wonder why the mice didn't just chew up all the wires. Only thing I can figure is they were just exhausted all the time.
Needs an intake and a decent carb or a terminator x fitting. That system is junk.
My friend's grandfather was buying a Cadillac in the mid 80s and watched the dealership refuse to take one of these 8-6-4 cars back as a trade in.
Has anybody suggested an LS swap and/or putting it in the burnout competition?
Put the engine in the scrap yard, and throw something else in there !
1:02:54 I feel like a guy could just get a tweeker to do this if he just said they could keep it.
FORD TEMPO HAD THOSE AUTOMATIC SEAT BELTS.
I’m am 1:35 into this video….. not sure how it’s going to end…… but me? I would just quit…..
Who won the dusters
Got a carb
Getting the muffler off 😂😂😂
I can't believe you made Jessica film this. What a neat gal.
He should’ve left it parked on the street for a few hours, someone would’ve come by and got the cat off for him
Hilarious as usual, great job! as for the caddy? I'm pretty sure when she started on fire, ida just stepped back and let her burn.
Good thing they only did the 8-6-4 for one year. Carb swap it and maybe she will run!
Tough break guy, can’t say you didn’t try. Way she goes.
That the first time I have seen you give up on one keep doing what your doing man I have learned A lot from watching your videos. I love it. Thank you Derrick
Just leave it on the side of the road somewhere 😮
You fought hard Derek and I could see you were frustrated terrible fuel system I see why they didn't last shes still got good bones though maybe an engine swap
i like you .that is a hell of a car
Ahh...I really wanted to see you drive the Cadillac home. Such a beautiful car.
Can you say, use it as a boat anchor for an aircraft carrier?? I know ya could.
Those early efi units are so temperamental!
This may be a problem for Jared Pink ,he loves this small wire stuff!
I love your tenacity and applaud the effort but you have to know when to fold em and Derek knows best
My 84 mustang had a similar tbi setup. I'd make a left turn and it would randomly die, leaving me stranded. If I sat for 20 minutes or so, It would fire right back up and I'd be on my way. First chance I got I ripped it out and installed a holley.
Lol I’m rebuilding a Holley 600 while watching this and it made me chuckle. I’ll be removing the tbi from the wife’s third gen and replacing it with a 600 also
Future derby car?
brake drum kill me coffee came out my nose lol
Could be one of your best performances. You should get a camera person. Need more ballistic missile brake drums in the videos 😂
This video was AWESOME!!!  Thanks Derek, I’d love to see you finish what you started with this caddy.
Long time viewer. Tried to watch this new video. Ad every 4 or 5 minutes. I just give up.
constructive feedback with love… camera work was making me a little sick watching on the tv
You should have subbed that cat removal job out to a local tweaker. Could have saved yourself a ton of time. O'Reillys studio may have come out light on copper wiring though... worth it
Please do a carb swap on the Cad.. would love to see it run..the motor seems solid outside all the garbage on it.. just undo all the good ideas they had..lol
I wasn’t prepared for Derek to have a camera guy following him around
Well done sir! Wish I would have been there to share my tbi knowledge! Kept mine running the last twenty years. If anyone is in the area I personally recommend the O'Reilly machine shop. They do a great job at a great price!!!!
Ls swap😊
It’s always nice waking up on a Sunday and having the first 2+ hours of the day already planned because vgg made another movie picture.
01:45:55  "Then it goes 'blehh"  lololololol
Lmao... Get you a real sawzall.. muffler/cat would have been done, I own a 83 coupe, these cars make you hate life!!!!
Who won the duster was there a announcement
Comedy gold. Even though it looked aggravating as all get out I could not stop laughing at the misfortune.
engine swap.
Tear it down and start over. Scrap the crap and throw something old school cool in there.
Use one of those holley TBI units on this thing and keep her injected. Great episode.    Thanks for sharing your talents and adventures!!!
6,8,4, if my math right you got a 18 cylinder Cadillac
Carburetor, carburetor, carburetor
How is it some kid on the street can remove a cat in 2 minutes?  :)
Engine swap… replace the V864 with a Oldsmobile Diesel from the same era.  😳🙄😵‍💫
Derek, that was an unbelievable feat of self control. That car did everything it could to dissuade you from making it run. I saw things that have never happened before in any of your videos. When the brake drum rolled across the floor without a car attached to it....I  almost sprayed my cold snack across the room. That old Caddy was trying to tell you "leave me be, I'm dead and want to stay that way". I was actually afraid for you, I figured the only thing that hadn't happened yet was for the car to fall off the stands and trap you underneath. You did have a good idea at one point when the car was running "good" just park it outside and let it run all night.  In Springfield....your problem would have been solved, the car would have been stolen and you could have just forgotten about it for good. Another option would have been to douse it with gasoline and set it ablaze, would have been great content with no adverse effect to the car.
Literally had me crying when the drum came off and rolled across the shop. Thanks, I needed that.
The runaway brake drum was epic! I had a 78 with a 425 that was absolutely awesome, if I drove it normally it got 15 mi to the gallon. And it had balls to spare. The best thing you can do is pull that engine and throw something else in it. Absolutely fantastic Derek! Keep up the great work dude 👍✌️🇺🇲
I bought an E350. with an efi 460 for $500, it was running on four cylinders cause rust had accumulated on the computer pin that fires the other four cylinders. I got it dialed in and that dog hunts once again. Great show btw…I was going to tell you to bolt the drums down before putting it in gear. Hehehe
My suggestion is to get your starter, alternator, battery and fuel tank back…keep the tires and hubcaps and sell it by the pound.  I’m sure you discovered the reason it has low mileage!
6:41 whiter than a Celine Dion concert!   lolol classic
I had an all blue fleetwood brougham d'elegance  (10 years ago) with blue leather interior cleanest car that drives like a cloud motor is crap I tried to take my bro 30 min to his job motor locked on freeway 😂
i wonder if those injectors need replacing . i'd like to see a carb conversion....but, other than that, its a good GM V8 block, and drive line.  it seems the transmission works.  but that early digital cylinder cancellation isn't doing you any favors. that   idea was ahead of the computer technology of time ... ... especially  when the Commodore 64 was considered  high speed. putting  that car back  to original is a long day.  easier to rip it apart and make it into a super drift car.    😁p.s. your patience is remarkable. i would not have lasted that long.
I think this needs viper v10 swapped. Just to add 2 more cylinders.
Seems like a decent vehicle in need of a heart transplant but why, that is the question.
if any car  deserved and gallon of petrol and a match it is this one
No rust under that car buddy 😅
Doubt its the computer, more likely corrosion AT the computer connections or related, bummer Derek, gave her the old "collage try" Looking forward (in a twisted sort-away) to the next installment of this beast. Cheers, and Merry Christmas to you and the family.
I had a 1990 Honda Accord ex with the track seatbelts. Actually really loved them and everyone always complimented.
There are several guys in town that offer Cash for Junk Cars.
Don’t really see a car get the best of ya too often. That old Cad ate you up and spit you out like a big ok bear. That’s ok.  I love the show and it really relates to all of us working on the old rigs.  Hope you tackle this one again. Looks like a decent goin to town car. 👀👀👀
The 80's  ruined  U.S. auto manufacturing.
“Whiter than a Celine Dion concert” made my spit out my coffee! 🤣😝☕️ You owe me for one pair of Academy-brand sweat pants!😂
Hope you and your family made it through the storms. Stay safe. God Bless.
Derek, You didn’t loose on this one. You picked a fight, that couldn’t be won. Not only where these engines bad from the beginning, but you had to deal with a car that had been molested.  They were Terrible! My Dad owned one ( Eldorado) when we were kids  and had to sue the dealer to take it back! He was our next door neighbor! 😳  82 came and my Dad bought that year, because they dumped the fuel system. The transmissions had huge problems from 82-83, he dealt with it. Finally , in 84, the Eldorado came together and was a great car.
Kenny Rogers said...ya got to know when to fold um!
Love you man, you need a shirt that lists all your interior smell tests. I have added your commentary to mine lol, cracks me up every time.
I love the way US car manufactures dealt with fuel economy issues by adding masses of complexity rather than just making their cars smaller and thus needing smaller engines.  That car must be close to 2000kg.
01:02:45 SAFETY GLASSES!!! I was grinding 2 weeks ago WITH SAFETY GLAASSES ON & a piece of steel embeded in my eyeball. My "good eyeball", I'm blind in the other eyeball!!
That brake drum coming off is the funniest thing I’ve seen in ages….  You should revive a Oldsmobile Diesel powered unit one day. That will be as much fun as this 4-6-8 unit 😂
A 1959 cadillac would be so much easier.  Please please do one! 🙏🇬🇧
I'd like to see this thing brought back to working with the TBI.  It is very possible but maybe this isn't the channel for it.  Full diagnostics were possible through the climate control display.  Codes, engine values, etc.  You really need to know what the computer is seeing or thinking to diagnose fuel injection.  Aside from the V8-6-4- thing, this is (early) GM TBI, which is about as simple as it gets for fuel injection.  The later ones were quite simplified as far as emissions stuff.  The TBI unit itself is made by Rochester.  They ran until about 1995 in trucks.  A little browsing on Rockauto reveals that you can buy anything you need to get this running right.  Including an ECM.
Ya know whats funny about these revive and drives the ones that look easy end up being the hardest to get running most of the time lol on another note i cant imagine why this was only a one year only engine it seems fine.
Yea we are gonna need to see a carb swap. Cant give up now!
Had a truck with the tbi on it and when it was cold it would start great but as it warmed up it would run bad, I would unhook the temp sensor and would run fine all day for plowing, at the end of the day I would shut the truck off and plug the sensor back in so it would start the next morning
Part ll ! Part ll !
I would call it "The Sensor Ship" because of all those sensors.
Thanks for the video!
Its a cool old coupe, with some horrible tbi... Would be cool to see if holley could help you make that thing run as it was intended.
I love Your movies! Part with the muffler was the best!😂 Greatings from Poland! 💪👍😁
side post sucks to
Phone the scrap man 😢
Not a fan of the second person running the camera. If you’re going to do this at least turn on the stabilization.  This was difficult to watch.
Hey Derek, do you ever swear off camera? I do whenever I'm working on cars and I get frustrated when everything seems to go wrong. Great episode as usual, thank you.
Maybe time for a new engine LS engine or a normal 350 engine
WHAT A CRAP MOTOR.
My good try drum coming off that was the best thanks
Those cars didn't run well new my uncle had one of those boat    anchor😂😂😂
Poor guy waited so long for a lift and now he's inside, rolling around on the ground lol
EFI suck that's when they started using brain boxes for the cars
Come on now we want to see big burn outs in the cady
Ugly car don't care
Covert to a carb!!!
A tshirt of Derek shoved in that front seat would be a great shirt for the mystery bag
The best thing you could’ve done for that car is delete on all the digitals
I’ve never rooted for someone so hard…..you win some you lose some, but you live to fight another day (Friday)😅
There's a reason it only has 62,000 miles on it, it's junk.
holly flex hose cragars......
If it was mine, I'd replace the engine with a "user friendly" one.
1,100lbs tannerite, that’s my vote, had one these pos’s back in 86, i was given it as a “tip” from a client turns out wasn’t as cool as I thought & tannerite wasn’t a thing back then but I was blowing rock to set septic tanks so ammonium & diesel is what we used to “fix” it, done fixed er REAL good too
yard art
after watching this, I feel like should call those guys with the monster trucks and drag it to the next cleetus and cars so Derek can vent some steam crushing it.  maybe let fans have some time to destroy it by hand at a cost
Good try! Do an LS swap and give the car to Jessica!
Of all your videos i've ever seen, this has to be the most painful to watch. I remember those 4/6/8 gm's. they were almost as bad as that diesel engine they put in pontiacs. Lesson learned - stay away from design  failures.
Did a feller and his family survive the nasty weather in your part of the country yesterday 12-9. Saw some tornaders whipped through Tenn. Did you ever finish your storm room in the garage? Hope yall are safe.
I'm not sure how common it is for this era, but my '90s vehicles have had leaking capacitors in the ECM wreak havoc on me.
Now we know why the mileage is so low... Damn' POS didn't actually work... 😂
Swap in the carb'd old-school Caddy engine. Intake, Edelbrock or Quadrapuke, shorty headers, dual exhaust w/crossover...that would be a much better sled!
I owned one of these gems a few years ago. I’m pretty sure I used the last available stock for replacement ECMS in the USA. I can tell you, if you do get it driveable, you’re gonna be greatly disappointed. I can’t believe with 368 cubes under the hood how terribly under powered these things are. Good candidate for a swap. A 425,472 or a 500 slips right in. Or LS swap it like everything else these days. Lol
Watching you struggle with getting that motor running and then the brake drum goes flying off was hilarious!
Its 6:21 am Sunday morning...and I have to say...Ive never seen the drum roll off a car. That Caddy is possessed! Get a priest. Bless that caddy named Reagan.
This could be a good Holley EFI candidate, tho...   But a carb-swap would be fun.
It's like popping the hood on Apollo 11. FACTS
I think maybe she needs a big block stuck in there.
What a formidable battle. Till next time..
I'll just leave it here 1:04:06 :D
Must Get rid of the A.I. HAL 9000 Computer  1. Hook Up Non-conducting blade and controller with small Red Calculator 2. Input Nine 9's Take the square root and smash the Integer with a No.1 Tonya Harding 3. Install A nice non Intelligent Holly Carb.
would have carb or efi swapped that thing from the start. car looks good but all that fueling chunk needs to go lol
Ole Derrick rolling on the ground  with a creeper hanging on the wall behind him  Poor fella
more patients then me
The prefix numbers to my hometown are 864 lul
Having no exhaust on it now can for sure confuse the ECM.  Air is leaving very quickly now making the computer think the engine needs more fuel.  Could explain the very rich condition.  Didn't seem like it was an issue when the completely clogged exhaust system was still present.  Made funny noises then.  But it would sit and run.  Just a thought.  It looks like a great car.  Great video for sure and I hope you get it running.  Mechanically it seems fine.  Thanks for posting the vid.
In all the years i never seen you give up lets be honest i would not have given the selker $180 for that car, the maker tried to get clever with that model and failed dismally,
Bill nye has become the CO2 scam guy...  ( he needed to eat)
Respect man. Keep going, go and get her running!
Is it still a Cadillac even without the Cadillac Converter?? Inquiring minds wanna know.
Derek, i like the way how you not afraid to disassembly stuff that you are not familar with. ( I do the same 😂) Greetings from across the ocean for you, and you family.
The computer also relies heavily on a signal from the alternator...
You should drop the 454 out of Independence in that Caddy. That would be badazz. Twin turbos and a 454. Oh yeah. Also I used to manage a lube shop here in Illinois back in the 90's. That Penzoil oil filter brought back some memories. That was all we used. I still remember most of the numbers and what vehicle they go on. We were the first 10 minute oil change place in my area. We used to do a 120 cars a day. Then Grease Spot and Speedlube ruined that...lol
I don’t think you should give up I would like to see carb swap that and see if that baby runs and drives I think it’ll be pretty cool to see from fuel injection to put a carburetor in it absolutely I love to see it. Drive down beautiful roads of Tennessee.
Maybe its cause of you cut the muffler bearing off
IPC  EFI  CPD  ?  OH YEA THAT
Safe your self pull the motor it is the shit motor waste of time and money
I about laughed when you mentioned no ear protection. I was thinking safety glasses, sun glasses or something to keep the shaking of loose material from dropping in you eyes. Worked on many of vintage vehicles and learned by experience.
Ls swap it and clear coat the body 😮
bless you
I guess the next time you get one bring a carb and regular distributor
Candidate for rusty acres..... forever!! .... I was frustrated... can't imagine how you deal with something like this 😢😢
just when you think you are over the hump you are in the valley
I like how this one went from nice shiny O'Reilly facilities and camera crew to WHY IS THIS CAT STILL ATTACHED FOR F SAKE
Still watching  but “Whiter than a Celine Dion concert” 🤣🤣🤣.  I’ve been watching a long time. I might start using that one as much as I say “bleep-bloop.”
A good looking car........ LS or LT swap? Or big block with Magnum supercharger? Love all you do!!
well then, a feller got a bit bamoozled by that old girl eh? I reckon an injector delete and a carbkit replacement will fix her.
That muffler took at least a week off your life.
Nowadays planes fly by wire...i don't think that is such a good idea, seeing this video....
Every car flipper on the planet will be calling you to buy that car....! Some of them just might want that car in their private collection.
Would love to know where you're at, and swing by and bother you probably can't. But that is a very Springfield car. Being born here I'm telling you is very MO
Time for a 4 to two barrel adapter plate and a car slapped on top that ice cream sammich
CRAPALAC they made some real lemons
Coupe Devil.
The DELOREAN wasn't the only major problem back then!! LOL!!  Oh and Derek Bill Nye is NOT a Scientist at all. He's just a Journalist that got a job on a tv show playing a Scientist. It's like saying Rock Hudson was a real Doctor because he played one in the Movies. You wouldn't want him operating on ya!! NOPE!
Don’t give up and sell it.  Delete all of the TBI system entirely and throw a 4 barrel carb on it from some other car.  Respect to the mechanics who worked on these back in the old days.  The number of hoses, wires, and sensors is insane.  They had read a paper manual to reference info.  There was no PDF you could search on a screen or modern OBD that makes it easy.
Derek we're putting cover sheets on all the TPS reports now. I'll send you that memo again m'kay
Derreck I love your vids to the moon. Gettin' into the risk of not getting home, no clue about the state of the car, awesome.
Y'know, if you had grabbed that muffler by the tailpipe end and rotated it clockwise and counterclockwise, it would have broken off faster and you would have ended up with 87% less Hanta Virus.
When I heard it’s a 864 I was very sure it wouldn’t make the trip. Love the TBI rebuild tho 😂
Im not familiar with the set up on this engine but i would lean towards a bad coolant temp sensor.  Having worked on 90's GM Toilet Bowl Injection motors I know that they would dump fuel when the coolant temp reading was out of whack.  Typically after hot soaks.  Love your content Derek, keep it up 👍
I love that we're essentially getting a full-length movie every week or so, just showcasing your genius! Thanks for the fun! 🎉
You should sell it to me , I have a nice 427 bore and stroked to be a 510/511 cubic inch . Would look good under that hood. 😉
Do you like fuel injected cars
Hats a car I'd love. To restomod and slam a 572 Chevy engine with a supercharger and some fat rear wheels with factory hub caps. And even a nice quiet exhaust hahahahaha
@Vicegripgrauge , I would like to see a collaboration with you and @southmainauto.
Tannerite
The crowning jewel of the malaise era cars.  Thanks for showing a not-so-perfect day in the garage.
As always another fine episode, love it! Very glad you had to address the infamous GM’s Throttle Body Injection and it’s computer this time, the rusty screw  in my coffin for so many years 😂.  It’s a carb, but severely confused and thinking it’s fuel injection and the amount of 2.37 miles spaghetti and at least 23% of the processing power of the Apollo 11 makes them such a joy to work on! It’s barely able to reach 4500 rpm due to the horrible airflow and just about being able to calculate it’s air/fuel ratio. It’s special and takes special nerds to convince it to run.
Hmmm that oil Filter.   I would have put a long screwdriver through it to pry it off.  Worse case scenario
This episode is so long, I need a lunch break. 😅 Now excuse me while I go fetch a kebab. 🍴
One does not change the spark plugs in one of these. One changes the car.
Someone U plugged all the cylinder management and made it a straight up v8.   I'd leave it that way.   Way less headaches
Oh man. I've felt sorry for Derek more than a few times in his travels and situations. But all in all I think he gets paid fairly well for these moments of frustration and usually they end in glory....usually that is. This time oh no. Derek these cars were left to the yard art section of the world for a reason. Not like those other Cadillac's you've resurrected in the past.
Maybe the alternator not charging is affecting the digicals?
Looks like time for an LS Swap.
I personally like the tanerite option…but my Knick name is detcord so…..🤷🏻‍♂️
The V8-6-4 was a half-decent engine with that crap disconnected.
Could it be possible that the fuel pump wiring could be wrong??
just take the L derek lmao it’s a crappy set up on that motor don’t stress yourself out better off just carbureting it making it simple. It would be a nice going to town rig
Throw a carb on it.  Disable the cylinder deactivation.  Other than the crappy electrics, it should be a nice car to drive around.    My $0.02.  Fact is,  a guy's gotta do his own thing.  If you can't turn a profit on it, get rid of it.
Comment
Just put a carbureted big block in it
That looked like it was pretty frustrating. Good on you for staying pretty up beat for most of it. Plopping a holley 600 vac secondary would be the most logical and economical choice. I was saying that about a half way in but I guess you couldn't hear me.
The injector rebuild sequence was epic, I was glued to the screen. The muffler removal was hilarious. What a Looney Tunes episode!! Cannot understand how Derek keeps his sense of humour…
Hi all. I've been following Derek almost since the first You Tube video, and never seen him work so hard on a project 'drive home'. All credit to you, Derek. This type of commitment and stubbornness reflects who you are. Not only does it make great viewing, but it also inspires and educates those who are interested.  Personally, I'd love to see you 'win' with this car - whether with Holley EFI or carb conversion. Merry Xmas all. 😊
First complaint ever watching Derek, the camera work on this video was so shaky it was make me sea sick ! loved the video tho!
I'd be interested in the car if it's still in Springfield. What would you need for it?
You needed a bearskin rug to replace the missing headliner.
Having owned a 1981 Sedan DeVille with the 368 V8-6-4 from 11k miles to 85k miles; if they're taken care of and not molested; they are much better engines than given credit for.  I had no problems with the engine itself other than a cracked exhaust manifold (noisy, but replaced) and a broken free fuel tank baffle causing intermittent stalling (new tank installed), those were the only issues I experienced from it.  It always averaged about 17.5 MPG.  Not a fast car, but plenty of torque for pulling a fully loaded down car up mountain passes at highway speeds with no problems at all.  It had the burgundy velour interior just like in this video, but a two tone burgundy/cranberry paint scheme.  An absolutely beautiful car I'm sorry I let go.
I liked the blow it up idea....
I'd rather rebuild them Chevy TBI's than my crappy split intake spider injection crap in my 99 GMC Suburban.....
I would never touch that overcomplicated sensitive mess
That engine was a huge mistake hahahahaha.     What a pos. Watch it run hahahah hahaha
Well in my expert opinion as a certified recliner pilot I’d proffer the carb swap and dual flow masters to give this girl a fighting chance she never had.   Even if the problem is found it might work sorta right before it’s totally messed up again. 1981…remember Bill&Paul had just developed DOS and I doubt GM was right there with them.
had a '86 fleetwood with oldsmobile 307 engine. the tailfins were busted so I made a cardboard funnel around the taillight wires, cardboard behind the taillights and filled the gaps with polyurethane. cut to shape with kitchen knife and apply a layer of fiberglass. some sanding and spray paint and that's it :D
Looks like a top candidate for a crate or LS swap. The rest of the car is so nice it would be a shame to see it written off. They don't and won't make them like that anymore. Beautiful road cars.
This car is in such nice shape it deserves a full line and hose delete with a sniper.  Might have to put black tape over all the lights in the dash, but it would be a beautiful going to town rig for the whole family to see a drive in movie.
Talk with Steve Morris and put a SMX in it and a Whipple Supercharger and you have a nice going to town rig for Jessica..
Carb swap / big block swap
You could always do an LS or 350 swap in the thing. I had one of those diesel Delta 88's back in the day. I pulled the diesel out and threw in a 350 Chevy and drove it for years. I later did the same thing to a Custom Cruiser wagon a few years later. I still have the Custom Cruiser to this day. Good luck with this Caddy. A beautiful car with an absolutely terrible engine. At least it has the 400 tranny in it though. That's a bonus...
When that drum came off and left the building I about pissed myself. 😂😂😂
This car doesn’t want to live
Do a carb swap on it
Good job
Put a carb on it
I love the car hate the engine soooooo. Time for an old school big block like mybe a 500 😊
That muffler didn't muffle, but it sure did exhaust!
a good effort. i'd call it a success considering how close it was. kudos.
I used to drive one of these back when I sold liqour and hustled pool... oh wait that was a movie.
It’s hilarious you called the guy Earl. Jimmy Buffett had a song called, “Earls Dead, Cadillac For Sale”. 😆
Complete ENTERTAINMENT at the Least
Rip the barely runs crapomatic out of it and put in a SBC V8 with a *real* EFI system on it. You will almost certainly end up happier. Or part it out because that thing is suuuuper straight
Junk it. GM likes have its customers do their research and developement. The engineers had cheap drugs back in the early 80s.
you should of kept your hands in your pockets 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣😂😂😂😂😂👎👎👎👎👎👎👎
The best Christmas workout video for a sasquatch.
its a good thing you don't steal cats for a living
I usually think LS swapping old rigs like these instead of getting the original engine to tun right is kind of cheating, but this particular engine really should be repuposed as a buoy anchor and sunk deep somewhere off shore...😁
2 hours of.great big screen content for my hubby and our teenage  grandsons.  Love it.  The humor is awesome.  Derek, sometimes they are not worth saving.  Sad because she is a beautiful car.
This one is like watching a WWF game...one big wrestle....
i think that engine should have all that crap taken off it and put back to a normal carb engine
I hope YouTube is paying you well because the amount of commercials was ridiculous like every 15 seconds just like the Caddy works for 15 seconds, and then shuts off. The video was almost unwatchable if I didn’t have anticipation whether you would get it fixed good enough to drive back.
Ok, maybe not  A/C compressor
I’ve watched 5 minutes of commercials in 20 minutes. This is getting ridiculous.
Don't put it out would have saved you more bucks 😂
demoliton derby at best
Dude, they will never let you back into that shop again. 😂
30:32 A guy invented yet another new word: "Cadillatic converter" 😂 34:32 RIP headphone guys and gals 🤣
Ford EXP Had That
I saw the new safety glasses. Now darn it Derek, USE THEM!
Least you have a nice piece of yard art😄
Put a conventional carbeuator on it, get it off off a computer, get it running smoothly on all eight cylinders, then you can make the good body worth something.  In other words turn it into a late 60's technology car.
This was a massive Rollercoaster of emotions for 2 hours straight! You Sir are an incredible good mechanic! Give this thing a Carb, maybe this will make this Junkyard a running system. Thank you so much for your commitment and thanks O'Riley
Do a diagnostic scan and see why the check engine light is on
Bring that POS back to rusty acres for a video in the future
‘A guy’ out of hits natural habitat. Needing digical meters and stuff to fix a computer driver motorship. Great content!
Ship it to Watch Wes Work! No RVs, no boats, no exceptions(we'll ignore that it's a boat)! After completely characterizing every electronic signal in the car, Wes will trace it down to a few bad grounds and he'll rebuild the offending sensor himself.
Never has a car deserved a Carb so badly!
Rip everything bleeb bloop stuff off, and make patent as cheap as possible, then drive it to the sunset..
"cross thread is better than no thread"LOL love it man
Simplify it. Use a carb or something you are used to. Its a very nice looking car. I'd buy it. But shipping to the Netherlands is not cheap. Cameraperson did a great job 👍🏻👍🏻. Greetings from the Netherlands. Big fan. Wish the shipping was cheaper, I would buy a lot from your webshop. Now I'm waiting till my birthday to order some shirts and so on. Big fan.
Personally I wouldn't want a Cadillac if it was free.
Orilery garage with no lift. 😮😮
Merry Christmas to you and your's Derek!! Great video, BTW , thought we were about to have a cameraman delete when that drum spun off.Classic! LOL
heee you try it gripster.  i dont now how, batt   putt een new carb on it..  ( not de wifi carb )  one thatch igustble,s look how its run . ant forget the elec shitler stuf! great vid grepster ! thanks. gr
It's the A/C compressor!
Awesome stuff Derek. i remember back to a hotrod Buick with three frames cobbled together, now working with O'Reilly's 👌 I'll be dipped.
you got a lot more paitence  than i do it was very hard to watch hell i was getting pissed. i woulda dun pushed it off a cliff i remember them they were a nightmare. only two vacuum lines belong under the hood pcv and advance to the distributor.
Hood light is the issue
1:08:32 METALLICA NINJA STAR TATTOO!!!!!
I had one of these and fought with it for dumping to much fuel, changed every sensor, best thing u can do is put a carb intake on it, they made that engine carburated
Not a total lose fella, this episode will be long remembered for your brake drum coming off  and later a guy saying how the brake drum has traveled further then the car. Lmao!!!! 😊😅😅
Fun fact: 21 hours of strong language needed to be edited out of this episode
By far the most laughs I have ever had watching these videos.  Between the Muffler delete, your responses to the plethora of issues and when that brake drum spun off I almost fell out of my chair.  I absolutely love your videos, but this one is your best yet.
I have run into this fule dumping problem before crazy fix water temperature sensor 🤯
Replacing the engine may have been quicker in the long run and a lot less stress 😂😂😂 you have the patience of a Saint sir.
Seems a good body and engine, revert it back to sensible carb set up and make this a survivor
Stick a v12 jaguar engine in it thats what we do here in the uk 😂😂😂😂
When the Terrible B×%#$%it Injection backfired all I could think of was, just let it burn. You gave it the college try but sometimes you just got to throw in the towel..... and let it burn.
Back in 1999-2000 I worked with a guy that had one and everything WORKED!   He swore it was the best car he had ever owned.   I swore it was the last one left on earth.    I reckon we were both wrong 😅
Sell it! Maybe cars and bids
Derek, what happened to your camera lens? ;)
Another great episode,a guy should take it home and try to get it up and running
And the morral of the story don't buy a caddy get a c10 😂😂😂😂
I would like to see it in a crusher 😂😂😂😂
Derek you have enormous patience.
Technology don't you love it? Not
1:47:54 🤣🤣 this episode actually turns out to be much more of a comedy than usual... the sarcasm🤣 2:02:23 ... and OMG didn't I know what else was coming.😂 - never seen that level of frustration on the face of literally the most patient mechanic on YT. Jesus what a shitty engine-concept. lol 2:03:09 - yepppp. everything's going fine. 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
im sitting here watching your video wearing my vgg hoodie if you need my help just ask lol
the reason it didn't run correctly is because you worked on it in a big shop with fancy tools instead of in the middle of a field with barely any tools
That was the best muffler delete I've seen ever..proper struggle bus 😅
Hey! A feller was in my neck of the woods 😂
Getting concerned for your healt. Way too much monoxide carbon in the working area 😢
ya know what old rodders say,..  if it dont go,,chrome it...
sometimes you had to take the tank out to take them to the junk yard,make you wonder
Cats are always awkward - next time get a dog!
Dude. You basically stole that car at that price. Such a beast.
Give it the PINKY!!!!
This one was in no way your fault Derick.  Unfortunately Cadillacs, past circa 1963 are all poop.    Just like most other brands.   You still provided an amazing video, showing us exactly what to stay the heck away from.   👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼  Had to come back and say THANK YOU for the wonderful Thanksgiving,Christmas Nee Years Card!   Got it with the order and I’m tellin ya, it’s hangin on the fridge!
interesting to see how a primitive fuel injection system works and how he goes about dealing with it.  BTW, in the world of software, the engineering that spawned this obomination is called a "kludge". one half-assed patched up design flaw over another and another and another, until eventually the whole thing needs to be scrapped.
Hi Derek,the computer may not like the fact the exhaust and muffler system is not on the car
These GM 80 fuel injections didnt even work in Soviet Lada's
In retrospect, it would have been less work to replace the heads and the intake manifold, with the addition of a carb. But my hats off to Derek for going through the paces.
i see ford sold gm some interior mirrors..  they should have a screw, thru the windshild,,so they dont drop of & scare the crap out of you.. girlfriend, said, ''spider'',  i said, mmm, its on the outside,..  no it wasnt.. 3''..
Too bad so sad. Things happen😢
I bought one of those peice of sh##$ 8-6-4 engine cars at an auto auction in the late 90's for a one hundred dollar bill, it was the last car to run through the auction and most people had went home, the car was a bank loan and was being auctioned as is where is must sell. It had been sitting under a tree near some sort of manufacturing plan and it was absolouty covered in black suit and tree sap, but it had a cherry maroon interior. I steam cleaned, degreesed and buffed that car for days until it looked almost mint. even the vinyl top came out perfect, drove the hell out of that thing until the transmission finally gave out.
Pull all the variable displacement junk, delete all the unnecessary smog stuff, hoses, vacuum lines, experimental electronics and all that then put a carb on it. Better yet get a TBI conversion kit.   That thing is cherry and would make a great led sled type of a cruiser. Drop it a few inches and someone would pay good money for it. I'd drive the hell out of it. She's got plenty of life in her.
I really hate that car.
Please carb swap this giant electronic headache 😅
I'm stubborn. I want to see it run perfect. Carb swap 100%
Funny
I say tow it home and try to put the motor out of brown sugar into it! Call it white sugar!
You losing weight big man?
time to buy a carb and a regular distributor and cut all the electronic crap.
LS swap that POS
Great episode, but would really like it to have a part two being done after some research maybe, to make it a success. Thank you O'reilly for making that episode possible, and maybe sponsor more episodes. So much better than the MotorTrend episodes.
every smart man, with a corvette,,  stuck a holly on them..  they did bring them back in a 2bbl form.. same sht.. IF IT AINT BROKE,,DONT FK WITH IT..
So enjoy the videos, think I have seen them all now. Very educational and full of humor. Keep them coming. Would love a USA car, unfortunately not in a position to purchase one yet. Failing this a Reliant Scimitar would be my next option.
It wasn't a knock out, would call it a fairly close split decision, with another couple of rounds you probably could have pulled it off.  Reading comments sounds like the engine coolant sensor could be the problem but if not a carb replacement would would probably make the computer superfluous, but maybe there are some other functions it still has control of.  That was a nice little camp fire going on there, all you needed were some marshmallows!
I laughed...... I cried......... And then,  memories came flooding back. My favorite Cadillac was the '80- '85 Eldorado. And I had a plethora of them. I always got them when they were on their way to the junkyard; and I would get them cheap. I had a 4,6,8 and it ran great for a long time without any issues. It musta been the lucky one 😂.  Wait until you get to play with the 4100. Most people didn't take it back to the Dealership to have the camshaft replaced due to it being "too soft". NAPA sold a kit to replace the camshaft,  timing chain,  and lifters. I had 4 Eldorado Biarritz's  with the 4100 engine and they were great for me, fuel mileage especially. BUT VERY IMPORTANT was to change the antifreeze every year; and ONLY USE DISTILLED WATER for mixing. I never had overheating issues or head gaskets go bad.  I'd love to see it run with all the electro-didgicals from the factory,  but that would probably be expensive,  lol. Definitely would make for a great long term winter project for someone 😂.
I would’ve taken the Tonya Harding 300 right into that power station.
That car now has a name and it's "The Gremlin". Imagine if this had been outside in the cold sleet/rain and weather...
The biggest problem with TBI engines is the temperature sensor for the ECM, which is often defective and tells the control unit it is -40°C and it simply drowns. Secondly, the TPS sensor
You should just have parked in Ohio a couple of hours, then the cat would have disappeared magically 😂😂😂
Aces fuel injection,  you already have the pump, do a full desmog on it.
I wonder if this early OBD system had any way to read codes? I remember early 90s fords you could jump two pins and the CEL would flash in morse code ( I still remember 3-3-2 was insufficient egr flow detected) While some curse the complexity of modern cars at least the codes can give you lots of clues. I guess this may have been before the technology was there.
Carb swap and about 50% deletion of the crap attached to the engine. Otherwise, Demolition Ranch would love a new target. Love the videos you provide us. Cheers my friend.
1800,it must be a classic?
may be just hook up the drivers side sprayer..like a 4bbl. only 2 work..
carb
You win some and you lose some which eventually you typically win but you atleast have a definite part 2 lol Never commented but I have been watching since the beginning  ❤
Let’s see Holly Sniper EFI, Nitrous and make it a donk. 😂😂😂
It really shows dedication to a channel when 10 hours after release 450,000 of 1,750,000 subscribers have watched this video. Keep up the good work.
The brake drum shooting across the shop EPIC!! I think figuring her out making her run is the way to go.
The Last Late Great fuel injected General Motors Engine was the 3.1 liter Multiport, and 3.8 liter 3800.  Found on the W bodies. Gutless  sure,  lacked passing power, why not....durable AND EASY easy no nonsense maintenence,  ABSOLUTELY. The 3.1 Multi port actually had a Timing Chain, and the Alternator waterpump and powersteering pump were TOPSIDE, with a water pump thats changeable in 20 mins,not Ever found on them today.....  Prove me otherwise. GM you suck anymore.
Big block burnout car 🤷‍♂️
Hay bud if you do get it home by chance and you want to keep and drive the dam thing rip all that out in the engine compartment and throw a 350 4 barrel in it and you will have a neat car to drive other than that you will have to cross your fingers every time you want to drive it 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣👎
That was without a doubt the best video ever you Derek deserve a medal for perseverance on that car but the whole time went so fast watching and hoping you would win another you will of course get it running and driving in another video thanks for this one mate your weekly videos are unmissable
Oh God, there's so much mouse nest in my mouth.....I can feel it in my teeth..... I feel your pain! Like you, I also frequently stick my face where it doesn't belong!!!
Well you gave it on he'll of a try !
jeez i just want to have a cold snack with Derek
Hey, how about an LS swap?
When the battry gets pulled down during start, then you get high amps but no volts briefly.  White hot contacts.   Ouch Kids.  let's the smoke out.    All that electronic mess from back then wants 13-14 volts steady it seems.    The Ford Lincoln Town Cars from that year were from the same mold I think, but no variable cylinder displacement as per the crystal ball.   2 oil pan drain plugs on the 80's Lincolns, because the pan drooped so far over the steering crosslinks.   When you get that thing home,  rip all that out under the hood with 1 big hook.  And replace it all with Chevy 454 and Holly 600 goodness!!.
Boy, after watching (painfully) this video, I really want to go out and buy me a GM vehicle. Whew.
i never even heard of anything like that
Safety squints !!!! I thought only I wore those !
That engine bay looks chaotic.. Soo many wires and hoses
🤩 "This was a terrible idea. Why didn't we get an 80? They were carbureted; you know what I mean? You just throw some fire make it down the fire make it happener and you go home."
Never seen our boy get so frustrated!! Id have set fire to it so quick lol
I wish the vehicles I work on were still as simple as they were in the 80s
What honestly makes you put in the most work and most new parts to the most random of cars. is mainly like rust free examples just get all the love or mainly cause you like it. cause you have done some amazing revives on some pretty killer rides you just made work not putting a bunch of stuff on.
just put a 350 in it
Reduce the fuel pressure with a set of vice grips on the fuel line
Derek do what you need to do to bolt on a holy 4 barrel or edelbrook and it will be a good car. The body and interior is good. So it wasn't a total waste of time. Awesome vid as usual. I'm a mechanic too and I feel your frust #$$%%^^&& ion !!!
Holly aftermarket TBI?
Derek yelling "NO!" at the engine when it wouldn't run was awesome!
To bad you didn't get it on the road.  On these True Broccoli Injections, the computer only commands to open the injectors,  fuel pressure is not controled by the computerbox, so your excess fuel issue is a strictly "mechanical" issue. And for the idling, the idle air valve is controlled by the computer, that is taking in account engine temperature and thecreading onbthe map sensor(sensor has a green connector and a vacuumhose on the rear of the tbi unit. But if the engine is worth it, mayby you could terminator swap it? Caddilac is fancy enough for going to town or even the white house, so 😁. Sure enjoyed the video on my sunday morning here in Belgium,  seasons greetings!
She's still a beautiful machine guy. I love your work
I think a guy should just let the fire sort out all the problems.
Knew this would not be easy to get running. Please, more videos on this car! See if you can contact Bruce Roe for guidance on your options. He posts on cadillac forums and is regarded the experts on this and similar engines. From what I know this 81 has the worse electronics to deal with and the earlier TBIs were better. Research your options to find a solution!
Dealership troubleshooting manual?  One of my half uncles was an engineer at Cadillac and I vaguely remember him mentioning that engine, but I was too young to remember exactly what he said.
You should give it to @WhistlinDiesel 😆
Be a cool car for a resto mod deal, maybe a newer ctsv motor swap.
I hope you and your family are okay with the nados near you. hope all is well in the storms there. Stay safe!
That's just a huge case of more shit means more shit to go wrong.
Y look like   gorilla  sitting in that car😂
Bravery... shear bravery just opening that hood.  I'm shocked you tackled that one Derek, but not shocked that you almost beat it.  You're the man brother.
That fight you had with that muffler was worse than my divorce 😅😅😅😅
It’s worth trying to get it back to base. See if you can get second hand parts ie computer. Jets. Get o diagnostic tool.. if all else fails set it alight. 😂😂😂😂
Bad computer or the Eprom chips inside the computer need to be re seated. I'm pretty sure Cadillac had updated Eproms for these in late 1981 and were only specific to that year.
Should add also, youll feel 100% better about this after you get it to fire "one more time" with a little smooth running,and toss a brick on the pedal, make a little space, and feel the pain from smiling soooo big as she scatters!!!! JUST SAYIN
I had a 1972 that i drove from hell & back then my wife started driving it until the bushings went bad but wtf is on that motor I could changed my plugs in 20 minutes but that ones 6-8 hours !
LS conversion. It’s a big ‘ole caddy. Needs an LS3.
Can’t win then all carb swap😮
I just want to praise you for your patience.   I would have totaled it with a sledgehammer.
I’ll buy it swap it out for a good old fashioned simple 5.7 tbi! What you asking for it?
We have tugged a few of the 4,6,8 engines as well as the 4.100's or what ever they were, even a couple oil burners, and it's a fairly simple swap to a 5.0 or 5.7 TBI ENGINE from any truck or similar TBI powered car for a donor. It already possesses the in tank fuel pump, and everything related there for the swap. But unlike the g body cars these don't seem to have multiple motor mount patterns in the frame like a g body has, so always had to drill "major pain" or just hot glue some Chevy frame mounts. Been 20 years almost so details are foggy, but they weren't difficult swaps.
What a nitemare. PoS '80s Detroit engineering.
I believe this video set the record for the number of correct "PROBABLY NOTS'".......but probably not......but probably....I'd count, but a fella just doesn't have the time....we have to get this rig on the road tomorrow....."PROBABLY NOT"!!!......LOL
Very cool episode but your cameraman was making me dizzy on this one. 😂
Ect -40f
I would love to see you carb-swap it
The fact that GM had fuel injection in the 50's only to abandon it because owners and mechanics hate engineers, then became desperate for it in the 70s is way too amusing. I have empathy @7:00 because my estate purchase the guy antiqued the car right from purchase. Only problem was he parked it for 50 years without emptying the fuel tank. No one makes new tanks for 78 Tornado/Eldorado, and all the used ones had no nowhere near new mileage/age. Junkyards end up destroying the tanks with a large piercing needle to quickly drain them instead of saving them. I ended up finding someone finally who was able to remanufacture the 00200 mile tank.  @1:26:12 Correct  Please wear a mask/googles. Look up Hantavirus
definitely carb swap!
You have to pay me 1800 dollar to take that car  ( 🍋)
Bro when you jumped in the car sideways after you couldn't fit initially the look on your face was priceless but so familiar, had that same look many of time's
Carb swap it!!
At least one good thing from Springfield Missouri - Ozark Mountain Daredevils.
carb swap please
I've seen some BS before, but this is definitely a Cattlecrap!
Is it for sale???
It's a good thing the sponsor has parts.
Drive it home on one injector. Lol
not haunted Derek, just a Bladder Sak! GMs shit for gold series.
I had my Driver’s test and got my license in that model.
Stop spitting on the floor , naughty boy , what if u slip on it n bang yr bleep blop bloop . 😂
Those spoke wheel covers are Oldsmobile, not Cadillac
I vote aftermarket/modern ecu or a carb conversion.
Most of the dealers end up eliminating the parts that canceled the cylinders. Too many problems, too expensive to fix after the warranty ended
Stand alone efi, and rip out all the other stuff v8 only
I hate to see you defeated Derek! The path to victory now is, I believe, remove all the unnecessary junk, intake and Holley Sniper swap, Volunteer muffler exhaust, make some bumper fillers, PDA, and Betty White will have a nice, younger sister to join her in the fleet!
I think if you wanted to get it going reliably drop a Holley Sniper on it delete the 4,6,8 heads, valves sensors, and magic plastic bits and you may have a good going to the tavern rig or with the boot and rear seat space for gear you could make it a drag and drive setup no trailer style for show guests?   Alternatively maybe you need to use it as a ritualistic sacrifice for the motor gods for good luck...   Anyway I suspect the modern after-market computers that tell you what is happening may have teased you into thinking they all can tell you what the inputs are reading so you can say OK I have nothing from these sensors do they have power? Yes then I need these sensors as they are dead, some injector cleaner in the fuel and then the usual fight with brakes! Sadly the carb and first gen EFI with no diagnostics is magic to me but EFI with a computer I can plug into and see what is happening I understand.
Entertaining but I’m sorry Derek buddy that was the most stressful thing I have watched in a long time I’m with you I love you my man I was stressful God bless
Makes you want to pull the engine and put in a carbureted one
Seat is so forward looks like Joe Pesci drove it.😅
Can’t win them all and face it the cards were stacked against you!
Always loved the 80s Cadillacs, but also have known them to be notorious for JUNK engines. From this to the Northstar V8… no thanks. Still love the way they look, and they remind me of my grandpap. Cool car, but better you than me working on it!
Thanks Dude you made me Laugh so hard  :)
That runaway brake drum....I was dying. 😂😂
I think you hit the snail’s head with the proper Tonya. The previous owner is haunting it. You might even say that he’s reposessed it. I’m guessing he’s a bowler, the way he tossed that brake drum. Back away a piece then run. With purpose!
You make me laugh so hard  I love you
Part of me wants to see Derek introduce this car to the car crusher. I felt his pain many times during this episode 😂
34:30 we know what that “dad sneeze” really was! 😅
Best part of the whole video was when the drinkers side rear drum came flying off across the shop floor. What a hoot!
What’s that Holley fuel injection kit called again? Throw one of them on it.
Ls swap  or some c4 ☠🤯🤪
The car is in amazing shape, pride of the 80s interior. But what in the devil is wrong with head liners in general? Why can't head liners be of the same quality as the rest of the interior. Mysterious!
SMX pleeeeeaase.
I told you I've done a billion of these you put the o-ring on the fuel injector first and then it pops in but you have to use a s*** ton of lube
I'd like to see carb squap. So I would have some idea how to do it. On a 93 Chevy pickup.
Blower swap
Carb swap please
This guy's gotta be tall from how he looks in there. 😂 I think I remember him saying 6'5" .
This video experience with the camera man is incredible.
The muffler press was hysterical! I couldn't stop laughing! 🤣 By far the best part of the entire video. Thanks for dishing out the awesome content!
That’s the best watching the brake drum come flying off what face on Derek 😊
She needs an LS.
There must be someone out there that has 10 of these 81's that knows how to fix everything that is wrong with this one. I hope that person steps forward and you have a part 2 of this video with everything working, even the 8/6/4 working. What a nice car otherwise..  Thanks and Merry Christmas to all!
I think the comp is playing up becaues you cut out tge kat you have to still use the kat sensor
theres a blue crawler,,hanging on da wall..
loved the rear brake drum delete 🤣
Don't Circle back that's what Jen psaki did and we never learned anything
Carburetor swap it
But I will say this they're kind of a nightmare to get in so I would recommend lots of lube
These things are like early 90s Lexus’s they are very touchy! I bought one with 28k documented miles, and i couldn’t even get it to do what yours is doing! I ended up carbing it! Cheap ish intake and put a 600 atm carb on it that i had to jet down! Got it getting 16-18mpg on the interstate at 65mph
Dude you got a junk car  lmao those cars always look bran new because you couldn't go any were 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣👎👎👎
lol put the sad cable on a switch in the dash. reset computer without getting out!
GREAT WATCHING YOUCHANNEL HERE IN BRISBANE...    LOVE TO  SEE SOME OF THE REAL BARNFINDS AFTER YOUV GOT EM HOME AND SEE THE FINISHED RESTO RESULTS DOWN THE TRACK   ????
Believe it or not it's the same thing as a 1995 OBS TBI fuel injection so if you get those injectors in the o-rings you're good
Aw, man. I had such high hopes. Thanks for your work and the entertainment. I'd love to see an update.
i got it what is the price of scrap right now ?? yard art ?? anyone having a monster truck car cushing i don.t know for sale 500 bucks  ????
its too good a body aand interior not to do something with it, maybe engine swap or Holley sniper
is this found footage from Derek's garage witch project? Love the show and all that you do!
Awesome video Derek over 2 hours long that’s what they all should be must of been the TBI to make it longer more work to figure out than usual carburetor ones
Coolant temp going bad will do this on early tbi. If it thinks it’s full cold -45 I believe it will just pour the fuel to it. Had this happen quite a bit on the jeep tbi and early gm trucks. May or may not work but for $20 I’d give it a whirl.
Blair witch
Do a LS swap, finish the frilly stuff, make a good driver out of it and name it Slappy White.
First time I see you tap out....but in selfdefence, I am not an electronilics fan or expert either. Ex Spert🤣
Ouch. Defeated. Well fought Cadillac. Well fought.
If you got a MAP sensor and a coolant temp sensor, Id change those out. The coolant temp sensor can tell the computer to dump excess fuel...I had one that would dump so much fuel itd shoot out the tailpipe... but it never ran THAT bad though.
My solution "dynamite" strategically placed under said computer, BOOM!
I don't think I've ever seen a fella so frustrated and defeated. Appreciate the effort, though!
Well if this was a live stream I would tell you to replace the temp sensor but since it's not just push it off a cliff
Maybe the oxygen sensor is fouled? Or something with the TPS or IAC valve?
Wow, I’m glad I never bought one of those!!!😂
This is why I’m not a mechanic. I’d have quit half way through. I was so surprised when you went and grabbed the charger whirler anyway.
i went threw this same thing on a 85 eldorado last year. after a few evenings of frustration, and shotgunning parts at it, i sold it to picknpull. car drove amazing got 25 mpg, sometimes you have to know when to call it.
Man I really understand what he is going through. I went thru it in the 1990’s in my early 20’s I owned 3 Cadillacs two 84’s and one 85. The 84’s had the infamous HT4100 badge. Me not knowing about Cadillac motors at the time I thought it was something….it was something. I just can’t say in the comments out of respect for Derek. However, I will never buy another Cadillac although I think they’re much better now. The 84 sedan deville that I had looked just like this one under the hood. His reaction to all the stuff under there was the exact same that I had, like what is all this crap!  😅
Your persistence is admirable. I like Caddies. I have one (much newer). That one is a smoking POS despite your extensive effort and skill. Total turd. Put a good carburated 500ci in that beast. It will make her whole again.
&.. you think dodge elec ig. is bad..
i almost yelled TPS out loud right before you came back and said you unplugged
dizzy at the front..  least they got 1 thing right..
Sat in the uk on a crappy miserable Sunday December morning having a mug of tea watching this, my Sunday just improved immensely.
Oh Lord won’t you buy me a 283 A two barrel holley is just fine with me My friends can have their tech misery  Oh Lord won’t you buy me a 283
It’s kind of weird to have someone follow you around with the camera I don’t like it lol
Get a Ozone machine! They work wonders. Ive taken the cigarett smell out from the worst cars you can imagine. It works so well! Try it out in one of your videos.
I'm reminded of Dave trying to deactivate HAL (the main computer on his spacecraft) in the movie 2001.  Perhaps you could watch that film again for some hints on what to unplug next.
Well ive seen it all, the drum coming off awesome 😂, Derek  you have patience by the fist full. Myself strip it back to basics remove everything and run it the way it should of been - carb all the way. Great stuff, love your adventures.
I’d pull the motor and all the hoses and do an LS swap. That car will run better than brand new. Problem solved. Still a great video Derek. You always make it entertaining. How on on the next car you move on to a 1966 or 1968 Chevelle, or a 1969 GTO? How about a 1960 Catalina convertible? Thanks for video.
One of your best vids yet Derek, your range of emotions was hilarious, it perfect, I hate it, almost ready to go...the drum shooting across the file was priceless "its gone farther than the car" keep em coming...🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦
that was exhausting to watch let alone experience. I cannot believe Derek doesn't swear like a trooper after going through all this mechanical nonsense.
2:03:09
Such a painful episode. Let's get a carb on that cadi and be done with it. When the brake drum took off on its own I peed a little😂
Replace the fuel injectors
Did you hire Michael J Fox as your camera man? Real Shaky Lol
Great video! we all can identify with the struggles under the car. you could pressure wash the underside ten times and you would still get an eye full of dirt before you touch the first bolt. cut off wheel blowing apart pieces flying into your cheek. saw blades bending and getting stuck and not cutting all the way thru and fighting to get exhaust out. the back drum flying off and your reaction was epic and hilarious. Anyway one of the most real examples of how it is. Thank you for that! PS. i really enjoyed your interview with Tracey Lawrence.
Well you gave it a go. No one can say that you didn't throw enough into it. I cannot imagine what these series of repairs would have cost . Way more than the car is worth no doubt. Factory wheel covers for that car are $125 each. I hope this helps you recoup some of your losses.
Only thing worth its salt is that Ford connector you used but this is the most entertaining 2.5 hour failure I've ever watched...and I'm a Bills fan, so that's a high endorsement! Great content as always! Happy Holidays!
A box of matches.
YouTube is really screwing this video with nonskippable adds every 5 min aggravating the f out of me.
Im surprised you just didnt put a carburetor on it
Those are not the correct hubcaps for the car. The interior is almost the same color as my 78 Coupe, but in leather and same exterior color but had a maroon vinyl top. Great video.
I enjoyed watching this. I had one of these 80 Cadillacs with the 4/6/8 in the early 90s and I was chasing problems down with it all the time.  I really wanted to swap the engine for a regular V8 and bypass all the electronics but it would have never worked.  Just so many wires and so many things that could go wrong. My car was in better shape that this one and I sold it for $500.
LS swap  that caddy!!!
This 4-6-8 engine was INCREDIBLY stupid!!! No matter how many cylinders are firing, it still has virtually the same V8 internal friction and pumping loss.
Try the power seat while you're sitting in the seat. Push backwards while working the switch. 🤔🤷‍♂
Remember those automatic belts. On couple rentals wrapped the belt around steering column and closed the door, blew the fusible link every time- no more automatic belts😊
Who's your camera man boss? He oor she is doing well
No, it does not have a Turbo 400........
A bad engine temp sensor will cause the TBI to flood.
A defective temperature sensor was the problem on my '82 Seville 8/6/4. Replaced it and then he ran like a kitten. The high-speed brake drum was a hit. greetings from Germany
Engine swap that puppy with a 350 crate engine... probably cheaper than fixing it lmao 🤣
O, O, O, O RILEY'S , AUTO PARTS.
this feller woulda put a MOMENTARY DISCONNECT SWITCH in line with a GROUND WIRE RAN INTO THE COCKPIT errr front seat somplace....  GLOVE BOX??? lol   switch it to OFF and no ground no start.....   on will stgart....   but.... will save on the heads on the SAD CABLE CONNECTOR thingiemaji9g
I sure would like see you wear your safety glasses and face shield. It’s only a matter of time that you do irreparable damage…
I love it...great work on a not-so-great model Caddy.  When you were talking about the automatic seatbelts I almost fell out of my chair.  I had a Mitsubishi Mirage back in college that had those automatic belts and on one or more occasions if you stuck your head out the window then opened the door you would end up with your head pinned between the dash and the steering wheel.  Wow, I forgot about how crappy those things were.  Funny you brought up that horrible design while working on another horrible design.
Not too bad of an idea other than the slow computer and solenoids on the valves and the tbi causing fuel issues it was a nice idea. If they only used a faster computer and valve controls and multi port injection it would have been a decent idea. But then chev did something like that later that also had issues. Oh well.
Low on blinker fluid .
I will give you a set of original cadillac wire hubcaps off my 83 coupe if you get it back on the road 😂
thank you for the long show sir.
I have the factory Cadillac service manuals for that car. I will send them to ya if you wish.  FYI - To access the trouble codes, press off and temp hotter buttons on the climate control simultaneously. Easy peasy.
Do the carb swap and put a low pressure pump on it.  There was a reason we bypasses the system in the 80s at the dealership.
You will hav a huge headache
Love the long videos man!
Get a nylon cutting board from your local shopping centre ,  and relevant drill bits and countersunk bolts /screws  cut and drill until a 350 holley fits on it , add fuel pressure reg  and drive 500 miles !   There is no quitting on my watch soldier!!!!  My favorite thing to work on , Is garbage EFI electronics that even (cadilac in this case ) couldn't make run  ...... then wait 40 years  and see how you go :)   . Holley EFI from here shouldn't be that hard , Make it run decent and drive home .  save all the original bits and send it to down the road  the right enthusiast .  P.s its actually a nice car it would make a nice going to town rig.
1:48:00 my 87 did the same thing. when you take the cat off. The Idle speed goes way up because it is un restricted.
ok this is a first for me, why would you buy that??
All this for 140 horsepower lol.
Bad
I owned a Fleetwood of that era after replacing the computer for the 6th time I sold the car
A feller or fellette would get strangled by the seatbelts in a Ford Escort and I believe the Taurus too..     no.
LS SWAP IT
Carb swap it, new exhaust  and headliner.  It deserves to live
400k views and only 26k likes 😡 do better people. Only takes 2 seconds but would help vise grip garage alot!
Would like to see a carb retro fit done to the tbi 368. Something ive never seen and not sure if its possible as most would yank the 4-6-8 and dropped in a 500/472/425.
You gave it your best. You tried something new. The drum taking off was a surprise! The car has a lot of potential. Definitely needs a new fuel delivery system or power plant. Keep up the great videos!
A shame, the 368 block was excellent in itself, the last decrease in displacement of the 472/500/425 engine. It's very reliable with standard heads and a carb. To me this body style was very handsome and since there's no rust in this one and the interior looks mint, keep it and bypass that computer stuff and you'll have a sweet ride. Add new filler panels & paint and it'll look fantastic too
Stressful just watching. I'd like to see something furthur with this Caddy. Carb swap or engine swap? Would you have to do some deletion on 4-6-8 valve holding closers?
Is that the same missfire/crossfire engine they put in the 84 Corvette? Or a variant of it.
Bad or clogged fuel filter X10 ?
Engine swap her, the ole body is decent
I don't know what Oreillys in your area is like . But mine has a single brake caliper bracket listed on their website  for 700 $ tons of parts listed THEY don't even have then never has or gives me the wrong part ! Wish I could get the VGG service !
No. No 5.7 hemi swap budget burnout car please please please 🙏🏻 come on everyone like this comment let’s get this done
TWO hours of VGG. Can life get any better?
Love.these videos 😊😊
A disaster is right.😮 I first saw the car I thought, "looks like a nice ride.". But then you said $1,800?. "Estate Sale" doesn't always mean we'll kept. I'm embarrassed to admit I never heard of the 4,6,V8..that I recall. But in 1981, I had a 72 Chevelle wasn't interested in Cadillac. Although at 18, my dad got me a 66 Cadillac Coupe Deville convertible for my 1st car. Loved my Chevelle, but I wish I had that Caddy still, sentimental reasons. P.S. I'm seeing that car in a future Demolition Derby or Figure 8 race..so you can exact revenge at that point... 😂
maybe egr stuck open
Like the man who prolly owned that jewel of technology.. it needs to visit the strip it down club😂 Those ole comps are C R AP... fo sho
Oh snap.
That car has A-Fib
The mistake he made was stopping after removing the air cleaner. Delete that POS injection system and drop on a carb. Drive it home.  Actually maybe the mistake was buying a “digitcalls” disaster to begin with.
good attempt Derek on the ol land yacht..how bout a carby swap on her?
No. No carb , do the Holly efi system.
1981 Cadillac 368, new ECM. youtube  ecm 115.00 rock auto  ✌
Am addicted to VGG and RR...love your channel Derek..cheers from New Zealand
My dad ran the 8/6/4 program at the Milford Proving Grounds.  He had a green Eldorado with the 8/6/4 as a test car he brought home for months.  I knew at the age of 14 what a total pile of shit that was.  His team went on to develop the Vortec and LS motors so he made up for it!
TPS reports!!!
I say carb swap the thing and pull as much of that electronic crap out as you can. The car is in beautiful shape otherwise.
For sure carb swap
DEREK!!!.. I got an idea.. GUT THAT WHOLE ENGINE/TRANS OUT and put in your own BEAST.. FULL BLOWER OUT THE HOOD type power.. then and only then will she be ready to make to trip to town.. anywhos.. that's my idea.. CHEERS!!!
I had a beautiful 1989 Mercedes 300 CE. After it left me stranded three dozen times I figured out all of the electronically controlled fuel injection equipment was finicky crap and devised a carburetor adapter to a 350 CFM carb with a low pressure fuel pump, and distributor adapter to a vacuum advance type Dodge slant six dizzy. Tossing the fuel pump, accumulator, fuel distributor, sealing off the injectors, goodbye to the IAC, TPS, the EZL, catalytic converter and a half dozen other worthless pieces of junk I got the thing running fine. Sold it and bought a Toyota, which has never needed any attention outside of normal wear items.
A bit ironic you finally get a car with a really nice interior and rust free body and all the issues are with the engine.   Doesn't seem fair.   Likely too much corrosion some where, all the rust is under the hood.   Far too nice a car to not get it running but I have no idea what you should do with it.
U got a fella excited two videos in a week got a fella feeling luck-a-ta
I'm kinda leaning toward "Dragillac". May as well be comfortable when you're drag racing.
My Dad spent about a week trying to get Grandpa's 81 going.  It got its selecto cylinder feature neutered and then sold.  I still remember the cursing.
This is probably one of the most painful episodes I can remember.
"Ut was running when it was parked"...yeah, think I've heard that one before...more than once...in fact quite a lot, lol!!
Great video. Get it driving don't let it whip you twice brother.
You have an incredible amount of patience.. the first thing I thought when you opened that hood and insaw all that crap under there was "nope"
No camera man, go back to camera stand.
I live in Finland so we have different time zone. I always check first thing in the Saturday morning if there is a new revival on the channel. There was no video yesterday, but I was so delighted to see one on the Sunday morning. Your videos really bring joy to people. Keep em  up!
I say carb swap it just because Vice Grip will not be defeated and then sell it😂
Duramax and a 4L80. Go!
"The brake drum traveled farther than the car" priceless!!!
It may sound like a long shot, but I would love to see that car run on 4, 6 and 8 cylinders the way it was designed.  Challenge yourself.  Well, either that or just give it away.  Nobody would want it, so just pick a random commenter and give them the car.
Awesome content as always.Thanks for sharing and taking us along
the body is cool so... if i had the time and money it'd be a conversion to an aftermarket stand alone fuel injection system. or target practice...😂
Been a time last time I worked on a 684 thanks God good video vgg
I haven’t laughed this hard in 10 years 🤣  Thanks man.
Forget about it just LS swap it and lite those tires up and drive it another 60,000 miles. ✌🏽
Wow, what and episode. IMHO, that body is too sweet to get rid of but that drivetrain and yes the computer must go. How about a twin turbo BBC, 4l80, and 9" read end?? Maybe mini tubbed rear wheel wells for some nice wheels with large meats for all the power and a VGG paint detail?? THEN that thing would be gangsta', lol.
02:03:10, bwahahaha, that smile was fabulous.
Sipping on Four Roses bourbon and watching Derek almost take his face off with the tank straps
Yes finally my style
Correction - defeated by a motor....
Great job buddy, you will get her going with your home shop advantage 👍
Just drop an LS into it🤷‍♂️
The cat has a good body on it I would swap it. There is a reason why you never buy the latest and greatest on the first year. Put a Carb on it and forget it.
1:04 best laugh I've had in a while
lol you mean early electronic FI. GM was dabbling with FI systems in the 50's
Yes please on the carb swap!
Um, Derek? As you are being hosted by O'Rieley, why aren't you in a garage with a hoist?
Carb swap the beast let her eat 😂😂😂😂
Early D.O.D but less expensive to fix 🤔 i like it,learn something new everyday
The Derickgizer bunny 🐰 he keeps going an going an going 😂 💨
Note to self - stay as far away from this Cadillac as possible…
I know in the 20+ years of wrenching that some vehicles are fighters. No matter what you do to them they just fight back. Its like they just want to be left to die. Thats when you kick em out back and let them think about what they did, then try again later. Others just want to live and work out great. Unfortunately the ole Caddy looks to be the former. Great effort though and I got a few much needed laughs out of it, as my holidays are pretty miserable right now since Dad passed last December. - Jamie
3d cad print anything
it looks like a new burnout car rip it all out and slap a bigblock in it
Genuinely funny. Laugh out loud. Love the show.
"Whiter than a Celine Dion concert"
I came here to say that I loved the video, but not happy that it took a little over 4  hours to watch with commercials every 3 minutes. Shame. If youtube keeps injecting so many commercials, I will unsubscribe from everyone that I follow.
This was so frustrating, even as a viewer, I can't imaging how maddening it was in real-time.
Bety white’s sister 😂
Here is the big reason why I closed My toolbox & got out of Mechanic's & got My Class 1 Driver's Licence & went to driving trucks, as Mechanics today are nothing but "parts replacement" & now called "Techs" ..."Right!!!" What a joke! Give them a starter or generator to overhaul, they would not know where to start without a computer to tell them, 1st of all, the issue. I have seen this with My Own Eye Happen! Give Me the old any day! Oh! PS: I could not stop laughing when that rear drum went under the camera & across the floor * at the factual expression You made. I knew then You were getting drained out & tiered. If that Caddy was mine, I would get rid of ALL that electronic crap & go back to a carb with an old style distributor. They are by far more reliable!
See if Holly will sponsor to put a Sniper EFI on it. Would love to see it on that car. It's too nice to just sell off not running. No telling what the next person will do to it.
To the burn pile and get out the tannerite.
Don't you just love progress
Well car is nice I’d say worth an engine swap. And use as daily driver. A more reliable engine would make it a good car.
🚨This car looks like a nightmare … Perhaps the worst built POS setup in the history of the show … GM really dropped the ball on this one
Also, I feel like you took a little longer than normal to put the fire out. Almost like you were contemplating just letting it burn
Does the sound keep going of and on?  Or is it just me?
Millie Vanilli the coupe de ville.
You for sure picked up the 7-10 split with that brake drum!
I almost bought the sedan version off an old man in the late 90's for $200 but my parents wouldn't  let me get it.
Even Derek's pinkie is a tool
It's not often a guy decides to  raise the white flag.  I've owned a Caddy (1985 Eldorado) and loved it,  but I don't think this one is worth fixing.  Just my opinion...scrap it and go back for the Dart!
I think the starter motor sticking
I'd like to see you get the original engine working as intended. I think it would be cool to see/entertaining to watch.
Are those injectors different part numbers? Did you accidentally swap them left to right?
There's "work smarter, not harder", then there's Derek removing a rusty muffler.
Hard to watch The Man nearly defeated by a motor....
Damn that caddy was a tru murder mystery, I was thinking it would be an easy one. Surprise surprise
Carb swap it and enter it in a demo derby!!
If you were going to attempt to drive this thing, my suggestion would have been to ankle on down to the Tractor Supply and get ya a battery disconnect switch. Would have saved ya time on the universal reboot routine. That whole vari-cylinder pipe dream was DOA. You now have an answer to the question,”What was worse than a GM gas engine that identified as a diesel?” Good try man. 🥸👍👀💨💨🔥
Hilarious. Carbs were always better.
Ditch the boat anchor under the hood and drop in a 500 cubic inch Cadillac with no electronic garbage on it. I ran into the TBI dropping way too much fuel in my pickup. Replaced the 2 injectors and it cured it for 10 years. When it went bad the next time I tried rebuilding it several times with no luck. Replaced it with a remanufactured unit. Runs better now than it ever did. Good luck!
Carb swap it
80s jags used to suffer from dry solder joints in the ecu…used to cause massive overfueling on mine, or would just stop anytime…all before the internet, was pretty painful…
Boy I  cringed when I saw it was the dreaded "basic subtraction math Cadillac with the early TBI...a glutton for punishment brother... I don't know what is wrong with me, every dang car Derek gets I do a complete resto in my head as I watch him work. I see this beast and think first I would extricate that mess  from the engine bay, drop in a 472 or 500 making about 425 HP and at least 400 Lbs of torque, hook up the AC, the PS and brakes etc, and drive it. Maybe find some plastic pieces for the back bumper or make some outta glass. But, a Quadrajet and disabling the computer is a start. You have earned your patience patch on this one, brother.  I remember an ad in a 1970s ish Motor Trend (Dad got that mag, I started HRM when I was 12...still get it at 65) it was a Caddy ad, a full page, had a side shot of a while Coupe De Ville and a couple of folks in evening wear standing by it. The copy said "Cadillac, the finest in 126 MPH motoring" Crazy how I remember that after all the years.
Adjust your screw on the top of your injectors
Poor derek and this monstrosity
We now know that anyone under a Cadillac gets passed off😂
Take everything tbi pippuppappuduudaads off and those 5976367miles off vacuumhoses, then just simplyfi enginebay, carburetor to the rescue
I had this same car in high school 864always had issues. Dealership disconnected whatever made it work so it always stayed in 8. After that I drove that car till 150,000 miles with no more issues. It is a gas hog but was a beautiful car.
A 2½ hr video from VGG?!? Well I'll be dipped!
Yeah my cat plugged in my Cadillac too with only 70,000 miles on it
Bummer of an ending but glad to see you keep your head up Derek. Thanks for the continued entertainment and Merry Christmas!
F-IT LS swap!
There was exactly one thing in this video excited about the trip back to Rusty Acres…that brake drum.
Engine swap RIGHT NOW!
what a dog of a car. I was getting frustrated with it and I'm on my comfy couch
That muffler fight literally had me laughing out loud hard af.
Really nice Cadillac lot of potential with it I like those big cars like that
Carb swap the Cadillac
Had a '78 Bonnie with a 301 that refused to hold an idle until I changed EVERY vacuum hose on it. After that, all you could hear was the radiator fan.. I think the caddy is cursed, btw. Missouri is good for curses, y'know. Lots of ghosts there.
The engine in those caddy's are junk !
Late 90's or so - I rode with an aquaintance about 30 miles through the country in a Seville?  Smaller car with a cut off back end.  I felt that rust bucket shudder as the display switched from 8-6-4 and back up.  It got us there and back, but I just knew I was going for a long walk.  Great show even if we didn't get to go to TN!
Nothing better than 2am, can’t sleep, VICE GRIP!!!
Put a carb in it and sell it!
It would run great with a carb on there I bet.  I was thinking I would see a holly 600 on there near the end.  The block sounded like it was fine.
I am an electrician at a coal mines and I work on junk like that cadillac every day. I laughed this whole video at your frustration because I got though this shit everyday. Keep up the good work sir!
Put a 80 or 79 engine and a different computer in it
Just started watching VGG again after a while, catching up on old stuff and BOOM 💥  THIS POPS UP! Really exciting stuff here, and a twist on the standard jacking up with pieces of old wood! Excuse me. Need to get a beverage and settle in!
My question is did you have to call your wife to come get you?
Could it be a rubber hose?
I had an 89 ramcharger that sat for ten years and i wound up with it. While trying to start it, it was doing the same thing and it turned out to be the injectors not seated 100% and dumping fuel bypassing the injector. I caught it on fire spraying fuel out of the spark plug hole hitting a plug wire arcing on the fenderwell lol
This reminds me of my senior year expierence working with my 99 white ranger. fucker never ran right :D
When you were "rebuilding" the broccoli, you accidentally put two orange gaskets on what looked like the equivalent to an accelerator pump diaphragm.
Another great idea that looks good on paper, but doesn't end up being practical in the real world. Thanks for your award winning effort, Derek.
The car would be one of your nicest cars, it is in such good shape, sure not a muscle car or a typical car to hot rod, but...a hot rod Cadillac project! Also it does not have your typical patina you like, but you excel at mechanical work, hence the hot rod angle. You could pull that anchor of a motor out, swap in smothing else. What did you do with the Corvette convertible engine? You could even  come up with an engine and use your favorite fuel source, Holley Sniper system. Don't give up on it!
That drum brake did not want to be a part of this curse, I mean car anymore.  LOL
Never a dull moment on vgg thanks for the great camera angles keep up the great work also happy holiday to you and your family.
What a nightmare thats why i e seen so many of these cars in the demo derby !!
A friend of mines father had one of them and he hated it!! Got the car switched to V8 only and he had that thing for 20 years!! Edit- the light chuckle of the camera guy every so often is great!!
Vgg...  never again if I have to get those nazi commercials rubbed in my face
It is for sure garage kept as none of the ornaments are faded....
I see it has anti theft cats  ?
Awesome attempt and troubleshooting. One of your best videos! Love how you keep it real! Can’t win ‘em all!
Had to watch this video in two settings, the first half on my cell and the second half on the tv. Injoy the video
Please no more amateur camera operators Mr. Bieri. It takes away from the Vintage VGG feel.
😂 Strike 1 ,oil can alley .  Computer wants a new alternator ,she needs her earth zero
That muffler fight was epic!!
😂ls 5.3 lol
5.3 swap from a 2007-14 suburban with cylinder deactivation. Factory ECU efi swap
That drum really wanted to go 😅 awesome video
Six minutes in, this MOPAR owner, retired German car mechanic thinks that this is one Helluva find!
Personally, I'd do a complete heart transplant on her, if I could afford it. Big block chevy with a 10 speed automatic. It's too nice of a car to let it die.
Derek how many times have had to have metal removed from your eyes grinder without a guard 😂 been there done it myself 😂😂😂
Please tannerite it that would be awesome
well... since its a chevy, LS swap it.
I'm having an 81 Coupe Deville restored with an intact V8 6 4. Never had an issue with it. Runs strong on 8, decent gas milage on 4.
The fight with the muffler...😂😅😂😮😂😢😂!!!
You got to put some petroleum jelly on the o rings before you push them in there because it will go in so much easier and it's good for the O-rings so you don't rip-em.😎
Carb swap it. Screw the electrical stuff and full send. Shouldve been carbed from factory two early in that era for fancy digital stuff if couldnt make it last longer than 60,000 miles
First time time the body is in great shape and the engine and digicals are toast. Usually its the other way around lol
I think you should put a LS into it. it is a sweet ride just needs a real power plant
Carb swap. My ex's grandfather used to trade in his Caddy every 3 years.  He had one of those - I think it lasted 2 years before he traded it in.
Perhaps you should invite Mike Rowe on next time you run into a muffler like that.  :)
'Mileage may vary.' but literally.
Comment
Drop a 351 in it lol
Ok, time to put a carb on I guess 😂
Feller,swap that engine and computer to a basic one,and unscrew the check engine light, make sure it still has a/c.
Wow!!  Great video!!  What a struggle this was.  I would love a follow up episode if you ended up taking this car home and getting it running correctly!  Thanks Derek for such good content!
What a battle! Fun episode!
Ah, yes. The Cadillac V8-6-4. Great idea, but the technology of displacement on demand and cylinder deactivation wasn't quite there yet. IIRC, it was an electro-mechanical system that would deactivate cylinders by "disconnecting" rocker arms from selected cylinders. There was a "fix" when issues developed where dealers would bypass the system and run the engine on all 8 all the time. And the TBI (throttle body injection) system is actually very simple, and works well when folks who don't know what they are doing keep their booger-hooks off of it! I had an 87 K5 Blazer with the TBI 350 and it ran flawlessly. Had to sell it, unfortunately, to make a couple house payments during tough times. I currently have an 84 Corvette with the CrossFire injection TBI system, and it works just fine. I rebuilt the TBI on a neighbor's 87 Suburban 350, and it was surprisingly simple, and really woke that thing up as well as helping with MPG on that behemoth. Take care, Derek, and good luck getting that old beauty going again! I've just started watching, so time will tell....
It sounds like it could be the temperature controller sensor, had a Chevy pick up running just like that . Dumping fuel down the throat. Changed it out ran like new
A guy's got a hunch that the pump is pushing 60ish psi instead of the 12 it needs maybe?
Hate to say it but I appreciate the fact that you showed so much struggle and a fail. Personally I'd like to see all the crap stripped off, new injection kit thrown on and convert it to a 4x4 mud wagon! :D
I've found with Ford power seats, at least, sometimes if you hold back on the switch while just pushing back against the seat with your legs you can get them to move at least part way back . . . .
This does not look right, please do not enhance your production. Hand held go pro is your thing. This video is just not right
Mr. Fancy pants working on a high tech digical caddy. Uptown funk me up.
I had a 1979 Eldorado I got in 1992. Same over engineered piece of junk. What should you do with it? Have it crushed. It's a feel good thing.
Seems like the perfect candidate for a 275hp crate motor with a carb. Keep her docile but dependable. Would love to see that!
In late 1999 I bought a 1981 Cadillac DeVille Flowercar conversion....basically a Cadillac ElCamino with a stainless steel bed. I thought it was pretty cool, but I had similar issues. Mine also had the 6.0 liter V8/6/4 and it ran well enough to use as my daily driver.....but it did run poorly, it sputtered, it randomly died, it was hard starting afterward. Several suggestions came to me from various sources...mainly the TPS and the crank sensor. I had considered a carb swap but on my way home from work one day, the engine died mysteriously and the computer caught on fire. I was told that the cars did not have a sufficient ground. I put a new one in it but I had to replace it as my daily as I needed a reliable A to B. I read that the variable displacement could give a 10% increase in fuel economy. Since I was seeing 17mpg on the hwy, that meant I might see an additional 1.7. I was underwhelmed with this engine. I had also considered a late 70's Pontiac Trans AM engine as it should bolt right up to the Cadillac Turbski 400. I even thought I might put the shaker scoop through the Caddy hood. Since the car did its funeral home duties in Boston, before I bought it, it had some weight reduction underneath and I decided to let it go. I think that even if the 6.0 is returned back to factory spec, it still is plagued with design flaws that keep it from being a proper powerplant for a GM flagship.
For all that effort with the 8/6/4 engine, you could have done a used LS swap, giving it more HP, torque, reliability, better fuel economy and much simpler to work on.
Good effort,  can't win them all
The fuel pressure regulator (when leaking) will allow fuel to be pumped into the intake through the internal vacuum port where you can't see it, filling up the engine.
Give it to your son and let him do a carb swap
EV swap
Nope ?
Does holy make a throttle Body computer Replacement system for that engine jest a thought  my friend
the muffler removal had me laughing hard enough to wake my hubby up.. he's serving me papers and it's your fault!
Awesome always cool stuff always thanks 😎
My father had one and it was the most disappointing Cadillac he ever owned.
laughing "at" you giving me side cramps.
It’s low mileage because it would never run long enough to get anywhere.  I used to keep an old fender along side the garage that I could go kick the shit out of when I worked on cars like this. It helped.
VGG always makes my day.
I like to vote for the swap to a carb, get rid of all the other junk and try to keep it simple as possible. I had a 1977 Chrysler Cordoba  with the lean burn system, what a horror show that was. I really admire your willingness to not give up and keep on trying, but with that system it is hopeless. Good luck with the change over if you decide to do it. Bill
I owned a 1981 Seville with the V8-6-4. Pressing and holding  hotter and colder  hvac buttons gets you into the efi diagnostic system. In there you can check the injector pulse width,  as well as adjust the fuel mixture.  Get yourself a shop manual from somewhere and get the TBI working properly.  Those systems can be quite reliable.   As far as the V8-6-4 system, with it disabled it got 14 mpg on the highway.  Enabled, and on 4-cylinders, it got 24 mpg.  Other than being truly gutless on 4 cylinders and surging between 4 and 8 on hilly terrain, the system always worked flawlessly.  I put over 200,000 trouble free miles on it before selling it to a guy who put another 150,000 on it.   I recommend leaving it stock and leaving the V8-6-4 enabled. I did rig up a switch on the dash to disable it for when driving on hilly terrain, but rarely disabled it.
Hold the hot and cold buttons on the ac down at the same time and turn on the ignition and the screen should go to diagnostic mode
The muffler removal part had me laughing so hard
Chrysler, for one, still uses that awful cylinder deactivation. Get rid of that mess as soon as possible. So is this Betty White’s child?
Pull the motor and gearbox out. LS and 6 speed swap 🎉
Hey Derek ...its Timdude...ive worked a few of those....plastic valve covers get crispy and burnt from exhaust manifoldS....i cant remember the solenoids or how it worked something on the rocker arms ...pain in the but to work on ....good luck ...PEACE OUT
I had a ford tempo when i was a kid with that seatbelt that did that i hated it so much lol
A whole movie? In a Saturday?  I’ll be dipped!  This is going to be a good 2 hours.
56:36.      Cross thread = free loctite
Car sat . Map sensor car back in the day . Sensors back in 91 were very bad. Good video though I feel your pain.  Been there.
After all the work you put in it I think a carb swap would be awesome and I’ll bet it would run great
Tannertie!!!,about 40 lbs.
I’ve watched all episodes of vgg and all other sub videos. This one will go down as my blue ballz episode. I’ll never get my 2 plus hours back 😢
The fact that you were less than two miles from my house excites me. I’ve been watching you since the beginning and you’re such an inspiration. The whole family gets excited every time a new episode comes on. Keep up the awesome work!
Those motors are worthless unless you are a collector.
I’m thinkin…. LS swap! Or Hemi! Jesus anything but that
N check codes n see what's popping up Derrick you'll figure it rite away
I've got a '84 Eldo Biarritz 139,000. It's a daily driver and looks like a old gangster car. White with red leather interior. Not in the greatest shape but one of those cars that gets attention and the question asked the most is do you want to sell it?  I've grown attached to it and the answer is no. Guys like VGG have keep me into the mode of it ain't perfect but what a cool fun car to drive HT4100 that to this day runs like a champ. This engine  had to be Cadillac's worst attempt at digital fuel injection. This engine somehow didn't fit the MO. I'm glad I've kept it. Learned how to keep it running.
Bad coolent sensor n TPS cause just what u got going on there buddy
You shouldn't have put the fire out.
That’s not a lower map pocket it’s a removable litter box. Just fyi
hey derek whys my lunch taste like gasoline?
That car is a POS. I vote sell it! 😂
Man, this old scow is more finicky, demanding and high maintenance than my ex-wife. This engine's got to go....maybe an LS swap would be the ticket.
Back off on that Allen screw
That Ole Gal fought you tooth and nail, wow.
You’re a brave man tackling that engine…lol.  I personally fine the throttle body easier to deal with than carbs, they are pretty simplistic.  As you said in the video just have to know what does what and you can normally work through most problems.  Those computers were terrible though, thankfully the ones in late 80’s thru 95 worked much better.  This was a great video though, sorry you didn’t have better luck.
On 1980's FI engines, I just unplug sensors until it runs decent, then replace the last sensor I unplugged. There's also a simple way to test the signal through those early sensors, but unplugging is faster.
When he put the starter on and had to take it off again...I felt that deep in my soul.
A guy should have hired a couple of tweakers. Woluld have had that cat removed in seconds.
Coolant temp sensor.  Changed tons back in the day under warranty.
Man I wanna see this under a monster truck now
Bolt a carb on there and fire it off a cliff 😂  One of the best VGG episode
80's engineers were on too much coke 😆
I'm amazed that Derek could work on that 8/6/4 injector. He's knows everything. I've been restoring cars and trucks for 60years and never even seen one. You da Man Derek!
I have a 83 Chevy and it is using way to much fuel. Electronic Carb. I would like to see a change to straight carb. It could help me as I plan and have the stuff to change it on my car.
A massive vacuum leak ? Or small pain in the ass one !!!!!
Read up on OBD1  then you will know how to get the car "talking" to you by using a paper clip & the check engine light !
Stopped running just out of warranty, gee, I wonder why 😂  Besides the horrible 80sness of it, pretty nice car, and listen, the 80s were okay, but not for Cadillacs, they really fell from grace in this decade, but that's just my opinion, that dash wouldn't look out of place in a pickup though, that's all I'm say'n
The greatest match ever seen with a car a 12 rounds
A guy has way more patience than I would have.  Bottom line is it's a defective system and there's no point in fixing it bc it will never be reliable.  Somebody might buy it to motor swap, that would be best thing for the car.
Weirdest thing, while you were making the parts list I burped and you said excuse me😂
You live a great life Derek! Thanks for all the great videos. 👍  I've been a subscriber for years. Watched all your videos, some many times.
You can’t let that sucker win Derek. You gotta figure out a way to get that thing going. Bring it home!
I really hate working on caddys
She needs a carbanator........
GM's new "Active fuel management" also de-activates cylinders to improve fuel economy. The system has been causing all kinds of engine problems. I guess they didn't learn from their mistakes.
Yes my sister had one of these loved it just unplug the 864 feature under the hood and it ran great
This has been one of the funniest VGG ever! When you make the camera guy chuckle, you know the viewer at home is cracking up! I like it that you had a camera guy here tho
Carb swoop
Brake drum said Eff this, i'm OUTTA HERE!
My Seville was Artic White with cherry red leather interior loved that option
Stay away from Cadillac 1981 at all cost in the future, or drive at your own risk when the car is at fire. The video was great even if I got bored with all the failed attempt to repair the engine.
Omg, that muffler kicked your Arse, ....So anyway..... that hurt, what a good laugh I just had! Tooooooo funny
I would go with a carb.  It's a nice car a two door that makes it more desirable.  The engine sounds like it's pretty good and TH 400 is a great transmission.
I would like to see you stay the course to find and fix the problem I have a mountaineer that does the same thing and would really like to figure it out
My gosh what a pile!  yank that motor send it to GM and put in a Chevy Deisel motor.
50:30 the camera man laughing and shaking the camera as Derek almost messes up royally is one of my favorite parts in this so far!!
OR mOBY dICK's  REVENgE
YOU FOUGHT THE GREAT WHITE AND LOST;    PEOPLE ALWAYS DO,    ASK AUSTRALIA
I got one in 81 in the Seville,pile of junk proved to be junk yard fodder before 12,000 miles was up
I remember you saying you didn't do injector revivals because they were too easy Derek. ;-)
Junk the whole system. Carb it do away with computer
LS swap
Need to find a real Caddy 500 and stuff that sombich in that thing and cruise away the time.
Your spark plugs was sparking to the intake
St. Derek,  patron Saint of lost causes.
Back was in my 20s i bought a 1981 Cadillac fleetwood that had that same engine in it, mine was the 4door crew cab body style with full leather interior and a sunroof, i bought it for $500 canadian and had it for 3 years then drove it 6000km from Alberta Canada to my home town in a small town Cape Breaton Nova Scotia Canada, and by far was the most comfy rig i have ever owned, i have always wanted to find myself a 2 door version of the same car, now granted it still had the cylinder shut down system on it wich never worked and caused me a few problems, but still loved the car and widh i still had it.
In my 30 years of being a mechanic an 80s or early 90s Cadillac was the only car that I have ever sent elsewhere. There was this run well for a minute than cut half the cylinders kind of an issue that would go away when the dash on board diagnostics system was accessed and a certain thing was selected but it went back to half the cylinders not firing when the system was exited. I don't think anyone ever fixed it.
I honestly believe that you should have changed the fuel injections! The way you beat them up while trying to rebuild them you may have  done damage to them! Just a thought!
My uncle Fred's Ford Tempo (anyone even remember that pos car?) had those damn automatic seatbelt things on that silly track above the door.. oh they were SO annoying!!
It reminds me of a 86/87 Pontiac Grand dam I  4 Tech motor . 2 owner 55,000 original miles on it about 30,000 later check engine light! Car acted out would Not run for Nothing!. Had engine scanned, replace 1 sensor after another. All because of scan would say 1 after codes, after replace and reset! ! After replacing all of them.. started saying new ones were bad! The fix was the computer itself! Bad part was that model came with 2 different computers on models!
I bet you could find a 2 bbl carb and ditch that one year only crap, but that's why I just drive Fords.
Until today I would say that rocky was the most stubborn revival, but this car right here I believe is by far the most stubborn little devil a guy has messed with
Soooo as clean as that car is   LS swap?
This episode was epic😂
The Main thing where you screwed up was on the Injectors after ramming the Screw driver through them would not shut off flooding the Engine, and you did not clean the top of the Injector housing leaving a Bad seal where it was poring more gas into the throttle body and flooding the Engine!
"The computer says I'm suppose to do something, and then BLAHH!!" 😂😂😂
The TBI unit was similar to the crossfire units Corvette used in 1982 - 84, we called them can't fires because of the reliability. You could screw around dumping a bunch more money into it to try and get the TBI working but it would probably be cheaper to just go carbureted.
The brake drum flying off was mint. Probably couldn't make that happen again if you tried! 🤣
I kinda like the tannerite idea…
Did this episode seem more stressful than most? lol
It's probably the charging whirler causing all your problems
Definitely have more patience than me. That thing belongs in the scrap yard.
I wish I had known you were in my hometown! Most all of the machine work done on the engine in my car was done at that Orielly's machine shop.
Tow it home for an LS swap …😊😊😊😊
What In The World? 😆  Can I Have that 2 Hours Back? 😂 😂
Hate to see A Guy have a hard time on a rescue, but glad to see he does have a hard time sometimes.
Great candidate for an LS swap.
I hada gmc pick up that had injection like that
My dad was a Cadillac mechanic back in the 80’s. I remember all the techs running away when one of these would pull into the service drive. I think the guys would just disconnect the lifter actuators. I even think I remember a package they offered to convert it back to a carb.
Derby car
Did anyone notice that the hubcaps are off an Oldsmobile?
LS conversion candidate.
large channel locks on the oil thingy
Dud it's a big caddy and you can hardly fit in it, time to lose weight ya think?
Pull that motor out and put in a big Diesel engine with a turbo! Can you imagine!👍
Did u check the windscreen washer pump? Asking for a friend
Thanks!
i have seen alot of tbi trucks do this that needed a coolant temp sensor.  Alot of them fail and the computer thinks is -40 degree coolant temp and dumps all the fuel.
How about putting a modern EFI setup on this Caddy? Fulfill it's original mission as a Fuel Injected car.
The Poop Deville
If there was ever a vehicle that was screaming for an LS swap.......
Map sensor is why its not running properly. Just dealt with this on an 80’s tbi s10.
Is this camera guy from Law and Order?
CARB SWAP!!!!!!!   Definitely!   I think that is a good idea.. or, swap the engine with .. an LS?  I dunno.
When the metal rings came out of the broccoli ports and the camera man laughed a bit that really drove this episode home. You could tell we were all on this journey together.
Put it in a give away 😂😂😂 love your videos…send that car to the junk yard!!!
Everything is going to be fine. No, send help! Love it Derek.. this is going to be a great episode! I love this car already edit: I wonder if this is the precurser engine to the northstar system - that I'm pretty sure was junk as wel!
So cylinder deactivation shenanigans has been failing for over 40 years.   Beautiful timepiece
I don't know how the last frame wasn't Derek throwing a match on that thing and watching it burn.... Kudos for your patience, mate.
If that's a product of alien technology it's no wonder the they crashed in Roswell, NM back in 1947
Derek - 1 Muffler - 0
Derek, you put more effort into fixing this monstrosity than I expected. These engines and their electronics were problematic when they were new. Now, 42 years later, forget it! As soon as I saw what you were working on, I thought we were in for an intake/carb swap! Nice looking car though. Good luck with this one!
It's a cool car it needs stick around motor swap like a 400 with a blower like in the blue Monte Carlo
I have never seen a brake drum walk off and roll away!😆
I always heard they disconnected the computer and then it's just a regular V8
to bad you couldnt find a computer for it ??. im having a issue with my Fiero same kind of stuff
The coolant temperature sensor will throw to much fuel if showing in the negative
My understanding is smoking in a car kills the glue for the headliner. I can say in my experience there appears to be some truth to that.
Go high rise manifold and carb that beast !
"In case we service it in the future" Hahahaha
What a horrible engine. 😞
34:31 All headphone listeners simultaneously died of a heart attack. 🔊 ☠️ 🌬️
Nice office space ref.
My grandfather had the HT4100 Fleetwood. As well as a black Fleetwood diesel and a red Fleetwood with an Oldsmobile 301  V8.  The Olds powered one was the most reliable.   The silver HT4100 car was broken all the time.  Head gaskets.   Something with iron head and an aluminum block set up.  You   could give your car the old Jeff Swartz treatment.  His car used to be in popular hotrodding all the time.  A really sweet pro touring car.  I met him at Road America once. He had a drive shaft nearly come through the floor of that car.
I put a Harley on it and they drive it
I had a 84 Cadillac with the 4100 v8 in it, and the electronics in it were a complete nightmare. I’ll never buy another Cadillac again after that one, they’re a nightmare to work on and expensive as hell for parts too if you can get them. The older Cadillacs I’m fine with, but anything computer controlled is a big nope from them or gm in general.
I’d love to see you win this one and make it run great. Seems like a cool ride in good shape and when it runs right it sounds good and seems smooth. Carb swap it is my vote good luck Derek
That's a beautiful Cadillac! It would be nice to see the problems sorted out with this one. Even if it involves an LS swap with possibly a Holley EFI system.  When I saw the fuel dumping into the engine, my first thought was that one or more of the o-rings may have been dislodged from the injectors. Fuel actually goes around the injectors before being injected into the engine, so it's important that the o-rings are seated properly between the injectors and the throttle body.
Big red oh didn't know that but still I'd put another engine in there then to keep that weird engine in it
That is in Springfield Missouri HQ lol  I been there LOL
Caddy Flambeau
Welcome Derek, to the Malaise era! Just slide behind the wheel, and be enveloped in that sense of ennui and hopelessness unique to early emissions era cars. You picked an excellent example, one that combines underhood spaghettification with an early (and overly ambitious) attempt at computerized engine management. This video confirms my assertion that TBI has nothing to do with broccoli, but actually stands for Toilet Bowl Injection - push the slanty pedal and it flushes. I suspect the TBI solution will probably involve a 3D prtinted manifold adapter and a quadrajet, because that's what this cursed beast deserves. Still, this is one of your best, if longest, videos. Thanks for posting..
Exhaust probs .. aren’t they a treat !
This is an application, where I would fully endorse, an LS swap!
Not a Bad Price but fuel Tank Hmmmmm
Your problem is the Olds hubcaps.
Always start with a new gas tank ., if you can and fuel pump .. great idea ..
Sell it. This thing sucks. What a nightmare.  TBI = Total Bullshit Injectors.  The fire was cool though.   Ooo nix selling it - Tannerite could be fun.
This thing needs an LS swap!!!!!!!!!!!!
They gave you safety glasses. I can see them in the box, you madman. Why did you do that to yourself?
That 8/6/4 was always junk good luck selling that car you should charge the system and get rid of the 8/6/4
I too like that you have a camera person to help out…
Man over two hours of video, and no drive time! Oh well.
I don't miss replacing spark plugs on one of those nightmares.
Now ya think O'Reillys would have provided a fella with a dang lift,so you wouldnt have to be all over the danged floor..smh I feel for ya Derek..😞
What are you calling this car Decker? .......... "Christine"?
If you could carburetor it that would be cool looks like it could be a cruiser
change the right brake light and it will run like a champ.
Getting that muffler off 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
LS swap...
like to see a carb swap
I believe that power valve is blown out.
Just think! I’ve learned so much information that I’ll never use again!😊
Derek, you're a better man than me,  I would've lost my patience by the exhausterectomy
Carb swap.
I spent the last third of the video looking for the Microsoft Windows sticker under your hood.  Did you try running Windows Update to fix the computer problem?  Haha.  Maybe convert it to Caddy-buntu in the future? 🙃
Way way too many commercials.
This episode was awesome it was nice to see him work through computer issues and FI. I have always admired his patience.
Someone needs to do a compilation video featuring all of Derek’s descriptions of the smell of a car’s interior. “PROCESSING…PROCESSING…A mahogany axe handle wrapped in wet woolen socks.” Classic.
maybe know you know why g m  isnt doing so good.
I hated working on 80's cars! It was unfortunate that was the time I was wrenching.
Jesus take the wheel. Hahaha!
I know some mechanics that would have turned that car into a pile of heaping metal. Great patience and restraint dealing with that old crusty car. Time for an old school carb and less bag ache.
That’s the idle air control valve opening creating a vacum sound
You tried. With 42 year old electromechanicals that had problems even when they were new and not knowing what the last guy did to it, and judging on how they removed the gas tank it can't be anything good, do the smart thing and throw an intake and carbonator on it from another year and call it done. Or if you can find another 81 to rob parts off to experiment with that works too.
I wonder how many ground points for the ECM are rotted off the chassis or engine grounds somewhere?    Probably a bunch... 🤷
Swap for a carb and sell. Never go full TBI 😂
same TBI as an S10 V6?
Well, you tried. Now slam it, and put an LS in it 😂
Hey Derek. Forget that car and move on with life.
i say go with the tannerite idea that would be a fun watch
Hey Derek, this looks like a good candidate for an LS swap, shackles, traction bars and all around hooptie build! Delete al non essential stuff and run it!  That could be just an old hotrod guy kinda thing. Maybe. Thanks fred.
Carb swap & remove the digicals.  Run it like it's stolen
I could never be your cameraman. You'd lose viewers right now because I'd be shaking from laughing so much. 😂😂😂 Hands down the only TV I watch and quite possibly the best channel ever. 👌
This man is just an absolute frontline stand up and be counted fella. He has been weighed, measured and NEVER found wanting in bringing us the very best of content. How he never  loses it I'll never know, (on camera, at least). Not even a swear word!!!!! I would have been bleep bleep and throwing me tools like a banshee. Hats off to THE MAN. The brake drum was a killer moment. Anyone notice that even though it stopped travelling, under the bench, it was still spinning on the spot? Awesome.
Try unplugging the Temperature sensor located on or next to the Thermostat Housing. Leave it Unplugged and start it.  GM Was notorious for these going bad in the 80's and early 90's from my experience. They will "Pour the Onions" when stuck at a cold start temp. And then if it runs normal with it unplugged, replace that and you're good to go. It's a free try before spending $$$ on a new computer
The only time I had problems with a tbi it was a bad ground.
If that engine had backfired, the MAP sensor is most likely shot
I love watching your channel, Derek!  You are soooo SILLY!!! LOL The part with you fighting with the muffler had me cracking up!!! LMAO
Those TBI systems were VERY sensitive to flooding IF the coolant temp sensor was faulty OR reading lower than the actual coolant temp.   I used to get phone calls back in the late 80s-early90s when the weather here in the north would get REAL cold and all my relatives TBI cars were flooded and wouldn't start.  They'd crank on them forever, flood the crap out of them, then call me.  I'd make the rounds to their houses and open the air cleaner lid, remove the one or two injector wire clips, and it would instantly fire up and run for 10-20 seconds. When it would finally start to run out of the loaded up fuel, and start to stumble from lack of fuel, I'd quickly stick the plugs back on the injectors, and it would be good to go.  I did that a few times a winter for a number of years before those cats were gone and SMPFI was the standard.
I had a 72 Fleetwood with a 455 Quadra jet.   I also had a 84 DeVille and I replaced starter, alternator, plugs,  and those injectors.   It was a pain to work on but it didn’t have the cylinder shifting garbage.  I put a lot of miles on it and there was nothing like cruising it down 95 at night running 90 with the windows down and the radio blasting.  It was like a boat.  Do a hard turn and you know it turning by the tires squealing then a half second later the car starts turning.
I couldn't turn it off and save some for later.  Such a nice looking car, interior especially.  Unfortunate the electronics are caca.
Cheap Interior, too bad
A block of C4 and a long fuse would be perfect.  If not Los swap it!
i think it might be because the airbox isnt on and the computer thinks its getting loads of air so its dumping gas to make up for it
Sell her.
1:06---( joking)derek now has A overwhelming fedish for 🧀cheese🧀 that's been finely aged for years....from the city of cadillac michigan.....
I was hoping to see you rent a U-Haul truck and a trailer and take it home that way.  You did a fine job attempting to make it run.
I can't decide  trailer or crusher ?
Great channel I like the down home attitude Derek has. The videos allways have me laughing but also I get to see how tough these old cars really are.
She is making you work hard for it this time
My 81 v12 jag is a cake walk compared to that 4-6-8, and still works fine
Did anyone else get 60 seconds of ads every 10 min or just me. I stg YouTube is about to make me loose my mind.
Keep it and do a cool motor swap
Most TBI units have a map sensor, I never heard mention of it. Those old style map sensors fail all the time, not sure if thst was checked or not.
2:02.16.  Noooooooooo :-)
My Brother has an ‘81 Coupe de Ville that he bought in L.A in ‘12 and somehow drove it all the way back home to Canada! He says it still runs good. Help Me UNDERSTAND! (I don’t believe him!)
ah love me some non-Holy weird movie action!
low fuel pressure will make them run like shit and give poor gas mileage.. the injectors do not atomize the fuel right and the injectors just slobber the fuel into the car instead if spraying it correctly. make sure you got your 13 psi and not just 6 or so
@vicegripgarage bless you
The body is in good enough shape to do a full engine swap.
I think it really needs a crusher, look, early 80's vehicles were a transition period of tech. Often transition tech period vehicles are just bad. In my opinion late 90's vehicles were the pinnacle of performance and reliability. Now it's going downhill again, too much tech.
👍
This pretty much sums up my luck workin on anything i own, if its somebody else's it seems to go smoothly, full on fist fight with anything of mine 😂 this has to be my favorite video thus far and i haven't missed many, thanks for the laughs Derek 🍻
Do you remember the 4100 motors on some of the 1980s Caddys? They froze up after so long. Was it the aluminum heads that did this? I had a beautiful Caddy Fleetwood from the 80s and it had the GM 4100 lock=up engine problem. I finally sold it to a man that was going to put another motor in it.
What work light is that?
Ok, you can owe me for the 2 hrs I spent watching this. I know you’re good for it.
My dad actually had one of those the motor actually ran amazing after he cut a lot of those weird wires
Over 2 hours with Derek. Nice sunday morning. That caddy would make nice cruiser. With some decent engine. Missing bumper plastics make it look like kitt in super pursuit mode 😀
Why do the Gods hate you, Derek?
Call this episode GM the cocaine years. Only engineers high on animal strength pharmaceuticals could design this pile, right after the diesel disaster years. Lest we also forget the 83 Camaro with a chevette drivetrain! At least the 4 cylinder diesel option died with the chevette.
While it makes for good watching, breathing in mouse nests and allthat dust is not good for you.  Wear protection!
you  win some  you lose some
At 2:03:08 that drum brake bailing out just craked me up!
this is definitely one of the funniest videos i’ve seen from your channel, and the added camera man format is much better
The sparks in your eyes almost ignited the oil in your mouth. I have a vested interest in you living a long time (vicariously enjoying your life) . So be careful.
lol
Ls1 swap with Air bags. That’ll fix your frustrations.
I’m 16 min in and my anxiety is up
Derek I say pull the motor put something badass in it and take it to the burn out pit you can call it the one baddie caddy
Man this episode was awesome. Also funny lol I got a mouse rib bone In my eye ball haha 😄.. Love this channel
stick a  carb on it    its the only way to  fix  fuel injection on old cars
Computers
Call the Cadi “Christine”.
I feel for you, I have attempted  repairs at time and I have been stumped. Electrical glitches were alway a main gremlin in 70's and 80 Cadillacs. They were always my nighmare. I feel you went above and normal mechanic would do. I was with you mentally throughout the complete video and a man's patience eventually says the heck wiith this, this is torture. And a bIG Thank you to Oreillys for the use of their shop.
I was always told work harder not smarter.
😂😂😂 Cadillac is why my step dad has been a Toyota man for the last 30 years 😂😂😂
A guy just witnessed the most difficult muffler delete in history. Derek is unstoppable seeking straight pipes.
Sell it to Whistling diesel
you went way above and beyond. I am goin with tannerite. take it down to demolition ranch. You and Matt can find a way to make it go boom ;)
Love your videos! Perfect candidate for an LS swap.
So many ads in this here in Oz, it is hard to watch!
I love watching you fix stuff. This one gave me anxiety. 😆
That was fun, you did great though even if it fought you. Part 2 please!!
3rd rule of being a dad- you gotta learn how to dad sneeze! This is gold.
Appropriate ending for the POS TBI.  The only thing better would have involved “fixing” it with some tannerite. Maybe in another episode?
I could watch Derek work on late 70s and early 80s GM all day every day....keep them coming!
Disconnect the cyl change feature. The new hybrids have that cutout and switch to electric when stopped..etc. Garbage. Mechanical is king.
A feller thought his day was bad,  at least I didn't get molten hot metal in my eyes
I don't know how many hours Springfield is from Wichita, but a collaboration with Car Wizard (who's figured out friggin' 80s Bentley's) would make at least a few of us really happy to see it.
just needs a junk yard 5.3 and cut everything else out lol
🎸🎶 Cadillac, Cadillac,  TBI ain't worth a crap.  Fuel injection's such a pain.  Why did they throw the quadra bog away?!" 🎶🎷
Need a crackhead to help with the exhaust have that cat out in seconds
Just think how fast a tweeker would have had that cat out.  And need a coolant temp sensor, that's step one of every TBI troubleshooting session.  And they are sometimes bad new out of the box.
Turn the screw on the regulator counter clockwise to increase the fuel pressure. GM had those dialed down so low for economy and emissions reasons, it will run a lot better increasing the pressure to around 15psi. The crossfire injection on the 82 Collectors Edition Corvette has a similar setup and fuel pressure was always too low on those units once they start to age. Also if the coolant temp sensor is malfunctioning it will put the injectors in max dispense.
Ya win some. Ya lose some.
Carb
That car is haunted af bro.
I'll trade you some labor for that there  Cadillac!! Where does a guy get an application for employment with Vice Grip Garage?
40:00 minutes in and I would’ve thrown all that in the garbage and bought a carb  It was junk when it was new
I laughed my ass off it brought back memories of when I was working in a junk yard and the owner bought one of those and it spent a lot of time in the shop at the dealership!  He would threaten to send it to the shredder!👍👍👍👍👍😎😎
The drum  flying off .. 😅😅😅😅😅 I feel your  pain Derek   way to many freaking sensors and cheap electronics  . Cheers 🍻  your the man .. 🙏
Jajajajaja fúckin Derek man you had me dying laughing my àsss off I was literally choking when he said you just gotta breathe it in and smacking the muffler up and down on time minute 1:03:52 😂😂😂😂💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀
Carb swap!
Take it to the local dealer and I’ll bet no one knows what to do with it.
New coolant temp sensor, map sensor, iac and tps sensor would be my unprofessional opinion
If it were mine, and I just went through all of that... I'd take'r to the top of a hill that had a cliff at the bottom of, set up my video cameras, and let'r ripp!
Stabilize ain't your friend!  Do no use ever!   Marvel mystery oil! Mysteriously works better know one knows why,?... Mysteriously
Had an ‘83 in metallic baby blue. 4.1 with more vacuum issues than deep space. Killed that caddy towing a 9000lb U-Haul trailer from the Puget Sound out to Omaha, NE. (It limped into Omaha at 45mph, with the trailer.) Was a nice land yacht.
Derek, I had put a few regulator and a regular carburetor on it. It would run fine then.
Haul it home with the squarebody!
I worked on a lot of the cars of this era, and the injectors definitely shouldn’t drip! Should have a nice spray pattern, only when cranking or running. Pretty cool old car though. A guy will need a little luck with that fuel system! 😅 And yes, I worked for a shop that modded these to run full time on all 8. Even independent shops were doing it. The O2 sensors won’t affect engine performance at all until the vehicle enters enclosed loop mode. It has to be warmed up fully so I doubt that it was  having any effect on the engine running while you’re trying to get it to run for just a little bit. I am guessing that those injectors are just leaking badly into the throttlebody. The fuel pressure regulator was the last piece you messed with. Not normally serviceable if I recall correctly. This is the kind of set up that you would definitely need to go back to the fuel system service manual to get it right.
Bro really left the Pennzoil filter
Between the muffler fight and the brake drum shooting across the room i was dying.
Just get rid of the thing don't do nothing to it
C'mon man, you need to rebuild the carb. Just install a Jiffy Kit. That should have been the first step.
They are lovely cars but very complex to work on.   You may as well been working on a vintage Atari.
That thing is nuts Derek if you could do a carb swap on it that would be good or do an LS Swap🤠🤠🤠
Ford cars had the electronic seatbelts that hit you in the head!
This is what happens when the enviromental (and I truely mean mental) wack jobs tell you the sky is falling, the ozone is disappearing and you gotta stop using 'fossil fuels' (which is BS hoax that oil/gas come from dinosaurs).  Its all about getting people into cities, walking or biking keeping the freedom of the open road and open county closed off.  Nowadays, they want controled electic vehicles which the entire process of harvesting battery raw materials is harming the environment more than the 1980 cadilac.
1:21:38      Remember the primative OBD1 scanning procedure of shoving a paperclip between the 2 terminals of the OBD connector, and watching the Check Engine light flash out its "codes"... 😂  THEN, if you bought the expensive "scanner tool", it just had those same 2 pins internally connected inside the case, and if you bought the "deluxe" model for even more money, then you got a switch on it that connected and disconnected the two pins so you didn't have to unplug it to start the engine. 🤣
Strip it out and put an LS in it.
Id love to see a budget junkyard ls swap in the ol girl make the ideal daily driver with a solid drive train and the plush 80s caddy interior
I’m 2 hours and 5 minutes into this video and my opinion is the battery is not at a high enough voltage necessary to operate the electronics correctly.  You’re now installing the alternator.  If I’m correct, it’s going to run a lot better.  We’ll see.   Bad Computer and TBI   I was close.
I'm all for seeing a carb conversion =}
I say do a carb swap when you get it home then do a road trip then sale
This could very well be the Cadillac where the final straw factory directive to GM Service center technicians was to remove the "SERVICE ENGINE SOON" bulb, aleviating most claims. J/K
This is the first episode I couldn't watch. Unstable camera work made me feel dizzy.
Subaru outbacks had the automatic seat belts, would always hit me in the face.
We got some serious commercials watching this video. like 1 every 6 minutes?
i love you dude but i cant watch 2hrs of this please dont ever have that cameraman again
The drum flying off actually made me laugh out loud 🤣
2:03:10 this is the most I’ve laughed all week! 😂  Love your videos VGG!
carb swap.its a nice car fix it and keep it but keep it inside and not at rusty acres lol
Dang, bout the halfway mark I thought "some things just don't wanna run". Later it looked like you were making some headway, then it just didn't wanna run! With my 84' GMC square just disconnected the ECM and switched to an earlier style distributor. Not an option with that luxury rig. Sell it!
...late model EFI from Holley?
Please do a carb swap, and rip out all the TBI junk.  I've got a TBI 454 that won't get out of its own way while getting 7mpg... after 2 injector rebuilds
👍👍👏👏
I had an 87 full size GMC Jimmy with the 5.7 liter TBI V8. That TBI system was never very good. Mine always took a while to fire up after sitting, I think it tended to flood itself too. I got a mildly built 350 for it on the cheap when my friend upgraded his Blazer to a stroker and it never would run on the TBI. Interestingly, it would flood out like that and would only run if you disconnected one of the injectors. I swapped computers with another truck and no difference before or after the engine swap. I ended up putting a carburetor on it and it ran great. It was an easy swap since the TBI fuel pump was compatible with the carburetor. I wish I still had it, it would be worth a bunch now but I had to sell it when I moved across the country. It would have cost a fortune to drive at 6MPG.
..and engineering idea, created in the marketing department..simple..
From what I can recall working with all the TBI business the engine management was based on engine vacuum signal to atmospheric and manifold pressure sensors, the fuel pressure regulator, coolant temperature sensor, and the throttle position sensor. The AIC was the fast idle for cold starts, which didn't affect the Oxygen sensor until the engine warmed up. The over rich condition is likely to do with three elements; the coolant temperature sensor, weak springs in the fuel pressure regulator, and partially hanging fuel injectors. The fuel pressure regular should run at about 12 to 16 psi, which can be adjusted, while running a pressure tester in line. Hung injectors are likely the biggest culprit in this case, but that darned coolant temperature sensor will only make things worse if the TBI isn't near spot on.  The ALDL, under the dash, can also be shorted to read off the ECU faults from the management system. There is a lot going on with these early fuel injection engines that slips past our notice.
The other 4 plugs.
Just take it demo Matt's new range and give 8 or 6 or 4 or so mag dumps
Rock Auto has injectors and sensors for this car, amazed!
I can't believe you put that fire out at the end.
You certainly went above and beyond what most wrench-turners would have. When you get it home I say whack that 8-6-4 system off that thing, mount a quadrajet on top of her, dial her in, throw on a set of flowmasters or glass packs, and you got “The Son of Betty White” on a fellers, hands. Then go cruise her and enjoy her instead of fighting that 8-6-4! This system was an epic fail for Cadillac!
Put a cummins in it
I love these cars. I'd like to get one and swap in a 6.0/4l80e. Would make an awesome cruiser.
I believe you have discovered why the low miles “It’s too difficult to push!”
You have to name him Uncle buck
Exhaust had me rolling and I have no idea how you do this stuff when they keep fighting you I’d get so mad and frustrated lol thanks for doing what you do it’s educational and entertaining for me 😊
The altanetor needs to charge for the computer to work as needed to let it run right
I vote for a 472/500 conversion with a nice lopey cam!
OMG ... the muffler fight was epic ... I just don't know how you even won from the wrong end LOL!
Brilliant.  So many laughs.  Thank you for the laughs
My mom had one of those and it was always in the shop. Terrible car. I was really hoping you would sort it out. I gave you 71.67333% success rate at the beginning. Adjusted for inflation and carry the 1 at the half way point your chances were 22.394333%. Probably a little high. 😅 Enjoy a wobble pop and it will all make sense
Old betty white is really looking hood right now. Although the 81 looks purdy nice
Engine swap time.
Where's you first caddillac..?
I  felt your aggravation in this. The build up for these on TV and then the complete catastrophe it turned into was horrible for Cadillac. I've owned 4 Caddy's and loved them, I tried to work on one of these at a car dealership and like you could not figure it out. I think the dealer put a new computer in it, I never saw it again. Otherwise this was  very genuine video from you. I enjoyed  it. Thank you for being real.
Good white balance adjustment at 109.26. lol. Looked a bit yellow   Adjust for skin tones first
A heat gun will loosen a filter
So sorry you didn't get it going but I sure enjoyed the show
Come on, Derek, you can't give up. You've spent so much time on this car it would be a shame if you would give up now. I personally would probably get this car running and driving and then maybe sell it. But it's too cool to sell, so maybe I would do something else with it. I hope you don't give up on it. It would be a big shame.
idk about the fuel system on this cadillac, but i loved the later versions of the tbi gm produced. My 87 gmc truck had tbi on it and it was so simple an easy to live with. Once you discover how to modify the the spring base under the diaphragm you can boost the psi for an extra few ponies too. do not exceed 18 psi though unless you want to blow out the tbi gaskets and burn your truck down. Every one said put a carb on it. I just smiled an waved. Started great every time. never let me down. parts were cheap. what's not to love?
TBI systems are very sensitive to fuel pressure. Just a pound or two off and they don’t run right or idle at all.
Whoever talked you into this car was nuts. Never seen you so not into working on a car before. Ya got thru it thanks for the vid. Could tell was not I mean  not your favorite
Why r white Cadillacs haunted? Ghostbusters.
Man I’d just give it to whislin diesel and let him do what he does 😂
Too bad that this one turned out to be a money-eating lemon. GOOD lookin car. What a shame.
That would be cool for a LS swap car burnout car
Im guessing the low voltage was causing all issues
Derek, don't give up till this is working WITH the adjustable displacement features.
Ure an extremely clever guy MrD.  Bravo! 👏🙌🙌
Carb swap it
i love how you throw words together ,makes it more fun to watch lol.
They make adapters to swap TBI fuel injector carb to regular carb with out swapping intake an there pretty cheap I just brought one for a 86 tbi 350 I'm putting in my 64 buick LeSabre
Even the brake drum lost its patience and tried to flee that scene. The Flaming TBI also tried to delete itself. Try the carb adapter , if that doesn’t work, there is no shame in tapping out on this one. Valiant effort, but there may already be too much polish on this turd.
@2:01:00 when Derek kicks the pedal and says probably why the idle was set to 4000 had me crying infeel his pain. Sometimes u just get a car that just fights you the whole way
I never feel like doing anything ! But I can watch someone else work all day! Go Figure!
Just getting this thing running was a huge accomplishment Derick! You can only blow so much money trying to get a car running. I was impressed that you didn't throw in the towel a lot sooner. Very educational video on the worst Cadillac engine ever engineered!
Carb swap
Great video, Derek.  Enjoyed this one as much if not more than some of those where everything falls into place and you make it back home.  This Caddy reminded me of growing up in my dad's repair shop and seeing his best mechanic go postal on a Cadillac some lady brought in.  He literally destroyed the carburetor with a hammer after fiddling with it for days.  Years later my father still laughed over the day this guy threw a fit and beat this gal's car to death.  He took a major financial hit making it right with the customer, but he told me it was worth it seeing how far over the top this guy got over the car.  As far as your Caddy goes and what to do with it, I'd like to suggest hauling it home, gutting the drivetrain, and turning it into something you can run at the dragstrip.  Do something crazy with it though, whatever you choose.
2:05 at this point you can replace the o2 sensors and cooling sensors with variable sensors (maybe from an old radio or such) to manipulate the values to trick the computer to dial those injectors in.
Coolant temp sensor
Deleted cylinders
Dern fuel rejection…ancient computronics.
Omg 2h 3min😂😂😂
When a feller quotes TPS reports you know he’s legit.
You need to have a camera man on all your episodes....Awesome...
I remember when these cars came out and they were nightmares. Great videos Derek.
It may be a beautiful, classic Cadillac car, but It’s still a GM product  in other words, crap. I love those cars even owned one. I have nothing but problems with it, but I loved it.
That needs to be a big tire big motor drag&drive car.
I think you should drop a 500ish hp motor and decent trans in that thing, and have a really nice going to town rig.
Really did enjoy this episode.  Put a carb on and blow that POS up with smokey burnouts.  Needs a nice 350, clean car. Keep it up love all you do. Thanks
Fantastic!!!  Great episode.  Sell it or better yet, derby it.
I was thinking computer the whole time. If that's not it it's injectors need to be set exactly. If none of that works then I'd rewire for Holley Sniper EFI.  Perfect way to show how you can take a GM nightmare and turn it into a great dependable alot more power and probably fuel efficient vehicle. Thank for trying Derek. Those computer cars can get to be a pain sometimes. I sured laughed through it and makes me feel better of the nightmares I've had with them or the Buick Riviera around the same time. Such a fun car though when right. Knew someone with a 20k miles one. Stunning car. Keep on Keepin on man! 🤘
It needs a computer. Ask me how I know . But carb swap would be cool
Outstanding video. Brake drum drama was great. 😂
I say you sell that piece o cheeto
Why are you fighting so hard replace rebuild injectors and map
Tannerite will make that thing sing!
That cars haunted derek wow a true pain in the ass car to work on call a caddilac guy derek
+1 for the Johnny Cash reference... Most won't get it...
At the beginning I laughed till I cried. By the end I was just crying with you. Rip all that old wiring junk out and put a holley sniper efi on it and drive the piss out of that pos. Delphi garbage!
It’s funny that gm tired the displacement on demand with this car and it was an unreliable flop then fast forward to the late 2000’s and they tried it  again... also an unreliable system. Guess they didn’t learn the first time
Are you getting spark on all of the cylinders
I had surgery to fix my cataracts...
Cadillac made some garbage through those years for sure
At 10:05 you almost hurl from the aroma in the backseat. Then at 11:18 you force your cameraman back there ... Absolutely love it. Hahaha
I need a safety squint sticker, it cracks me up every single time 😂
Went full caveman trying to get that muffler off . I died laughing from that
Carb time
If the TBI loads up with fuel like that, you need to check the coolant temp sensor.
WHY ARE YOU MESSING WITH THAT BEUTIFULL SHINY CAR  I LOVE IT .
I can imagine the former owner being really glad the car got sold after seeing how hard it was to get it running again.
there is no antivirus for HENTA VIRUS is there?????? ?     this feller is just wondering how DEREK is feeling now that it has been a few days since ingesting MOUSE NESTING & CRAP ;)  ????   just saying;.....  AWESOME VIDEO LOL  lookin forward to you cruzing this beast on POWERTOUR !!! :)
I love Dereks explanation of the V8-6-4 in the beginning. Fast-forward to 2007-2023 GM introduced DOD/AFM which is an absolute disaster but somehow got by with it this time. Lol
Spent the day in the shop losing my fight so it was fitting to come in a watch you do your battle.  Laughed pretty hard and I needed that.  Thanks!
I've always wanted one for some reason!
i gotta tell you, im not liking the camera man. its hard to watch.
Put a carb intake on that baby
Gut the engine compartment and trany. New motor, trans and wiring and fix that missing nonsense in front of the tail lights.
Hope you get it running and get to driver it
This episode was so unhinged and chaotic lol
Never seen you get that frustrated. I know the feeling though. Should've bought the Dart 😁
Amazing try...
Those wheel covers are for an Oldsmobile.
The muffler battle was HILARIOUS!! Cameraman was doing all he could to keep quiet lol!
Don't feel bad those things are garbage. My dad bought one right before a vacation. That thing broke down and left us stranded in Arkansas for hours. As soon as we got back to Texas my dad was rid of it. 😊
Can't win them all.  Good effort.
just checking in on my Tnn  folks as I saw the news stories of the severe weather that has devasted portions of tnn. so Holler back at us
Part it out!
Iv done a tbi like that a time or two on early 90s s10's
THIS MANS LUNGS IS AS GOOD AS MINE.
Temp sensors being shot will often read super cold to those old Delco computers. I had an old Saturn that would DUMP fuel. Couldn't figure it out, until i got live data out of it, and saw -40° temp. Now, it could run in that temp, but it would be a good amount of fuel. But, since it was 76° out, it would idle, but bog like crazy when you gave it any throttle.   Once i got the sensor swapped it ran like a sewing machine.
“Filed their TPS reports correctly!” 😂😂😂
Tbi won't work well without water temperature sensor
Hey Derek, get rid of all the electricodigitcal junk and do a carb conversion....LOL!  Great video, looking forward to the next one.
I helped a buddy with his dodge spirit that had a very similar throttle body injection. He pulled the injectors and when he put it back in the oring didn’t seat properly. The fuel bypassed the oring and hydro locked it same way. Is that your issue? Anyways we pulled the plugs and I cranked it over. He wasn’t very good with cars so stood close looking at the engine. It’s sprayed all the gas from the cylinders in his eyes and then the car caught on fire. It wasn’t easy trying to steer a temporarily blinded gorilla to  stumble away from the car as I put it out. Looking back it was kinda funny.
Right when I saw the thumbnail for this I said out loud......Oh no!. Now to see what kinda mess you got yourself into 😂
Mina'snow'ta ,  you got an A1 lemon. Salvage or swap in an eco friendly 350...so much work,  god bless ya...
Well it had to be cool to be right in parts heaven for once and not hafta drive 50-100 miles to find a O-Riellys 5 times to get it going.
Nice! Whiter than a Celine Dion concert! That made me laugh. Thanks, Derek!
Why not LS Swap this Caddy please?
"And on the Seventh Day, Derek looked upon what GM had wrought, and saw with his own peepers that  'IT WAS GOOD (not)!'.  He thence raised his gaze to the Heavens and in a loud and strident voice, shouted to the Universe exactly what he thought of how GM had sinned against mankind and thence swore a mighty oath that this mechanical demon was the bane of his tortured soul and thus he declared it would be forevermore banned to the 'Seventh Circle Of Hell' (otherwise known as 'Rusty Acres') whereupon it would fester in its dread disease until the end of days and it would suffer eternally as the feared 'Electrical Gremlins of the Apocalypse' forever feast upon the brain  of this Abomination (ECM Control Module) borne and birthed by the wicked, twisted minds of those despicable minions of Detroit known as 'Electrical Design Engineers'.   And with this solemn promise to all that is oily, Derek laid his hands upon the hood of the beast and with a 'Great Shout and Mighty Shove', he slammed close its maw, and vowed to never again cast his eyes upon its corruption;  and in doing so, 'Derek the Wise' thus saved his own soul from 'Everlasting Torment' know as the 'Cadillac EFI V8-6-4'.   AMEN!!!
Unplug the ECT (engine coolant temp sensor) that feeds back to the ECU. Common max fueling condition on TBI.  Great show BTW.
That was so frustrating to watch, good on ya mate for giving it a crack..
I hate to say it but I think you said it early on. Tannerite  it and have fun doing it cause for all the troubles I've heard about them. You try to fix one problem  another one arises. So not worth the money or doctor bills. 😂😂
Hey Derek! At 51:52 The old "Wet Willy" Treatment! Nice! 👍 Mike in San Diego. 🌞🎸🚀🖖
I don't know why everyone craps on TBI. My 92 Chevy Van G20 had a TBI 350 that was incredibly reliable. The only issue it ever had was the ignition module and fuel pump relay. TBI worked flawless. Cold start, hot start, sea level or 7000 ft it always started right up.
Engine swap it for an old school early 70s late 60s engine with a/c, ps, p/b and a heater !!!!  Make it into a nice car with a REAL engine that is simple to care for and keep running. Show them that all this computer stuff, crazy wiring, and hoses everywhere is garbage !!!!
Too many digital stuff on the newer cars....
Kinda fun listening to your camera man try not to chuckle.
Let’s not forget GMs attempt at making a diesel motor out of a gas 350 in a pickup. My dad bought one in the 80s. Was supposed to double fuel economy. But just couldn’t get the transmission to sync up or so I remembered. There was a short time back then of shops doing gas motor swaps back in.  At least give GM credit for thinking outside the box in increasing fuel economy during those times
Never give up, defeat is not in our creed. Make it run then do what ever with it!
took me a moment to realize your had an actual camera man. . . budget must be getting better
And here we are almost into 2024 and genirc motors still can't get it right.
I live in Springfield Missouri
I this I saw some mighty bad language boiling in your eyes for a while there.
Modern engine, disc brakes and exhaust.
The sneeze at 34:32 scared the bejesus out of my cat 😂😂😂. Had me dying!!!!!
For what its worth, this video has made my week. I havnt laughed so hard in such a long time when that drum took off.   What a great video, we the people want to see you defeat this gremlin of a car. Merry Christmas
Hahaha whiter then a Celine dion concert , that line made my smoke fall out my mouth lol 😂😂😂
These cars looked great.  That  engine though.  Toughest one  I ever see you work on...stick to fuel make it happeners. 😉
I found myself blowing heavily on my phone at one point!
That's a large bead the bring 50 bucks right now catalytic converter prices are way down
Drag and drive car! Blown BBC.
OM607 it
1:19:19 "Amen!"
I'll be dipped
Let us know if the fuel pump was putting out too much pressure. I had that issue with a vehicle I had and the shop had to put a pressure reducer thingy on it. Ran fine after that. Please do a follow up if you continue with this car, it would be worth it. Thanks!
Literally wtf did I just watch 😂lol
The old girl is in great shape, swap in an LS with a Terminator X and call it a day! GREAT Video, loved the muffler delete sequence! You definitely can control your composure better than I can! Thanks for sharing and letting us know that even when they look great, beauty can be skin deep!
Swap in a 12 valve Cummins
Carb swap and a super charger. That will fix it.
DUMP IT
Such a horror show, and reminder of this writers YEARS of gas car repairs. Now I gladly embrace the EV revolution. My EV is the BEST auto purchase in the last 50 years of car buying. For this otherwise good Caddy; take out the engine, and put in something that works; or convert it to an EV power train, and have a great time with it.
I like having a camera man. The shaky handheld gets a little tedious but some good shots in there.
Derek is in his element, The 80s Caddy, I'm thinking prom car for the kiddos and or one very needed exotic backseat romp with the wife or a lucky fan is on the docket, And the final and most realistic choice for the car is...... Demolition derby, Ya...  feller... Fellets.... Derby demo 😂❤🎉
carb swap and another starter install how to
Wish I would have known a feller was in Springfield my home town would have taken you out to throw some groceries down the neck!!
HAD 88 SUPRA DID THE FULE DUPING. IT WAS A SENOR IN THE THERMOSTAT HOUSING THAT WAS BAD. AND IT CHOKED THE INJECTOR.
That had to be one of the funniest moments when that drum rolled off and it wanted NOTHIN to do with that Cadillac.  Wise brake drum. What a pile of complete junk that car is. But always entertaining nonetheless.
Derek you put the wires backwards on the injectors.  The green and white should be on the EGR side, that would throw off the computer.
As  Derek was poking around in the interior I fully realized what Cadillac that was and remembered a little about them and that it was something I forgot on purpose. I thought run Derek run away now. I would have set it on fire or taken a sledgehammer to it at some point out of frustration. It was funny seeing the brake drum leave the building, it didn’t want anything to do with that car either.
It's better this way if you could get this mess running you would have to fix every other too.  I would like to see a carburettor swap.  Thanks for a great show.  Three thumbs up 👍👍 from Denmark 🇩🇰
An now to think that GM V8s not all but some have that same technology 40 years later 😂    Had to add this, I think the previous fella was gonna scrap the ol girl, since the fuel tank was cut out of it.    Quite honestly, that’s where it belongs. They all can’t be saved. Same have to die for others to live 😂
Mr VGG if the electronics aren't going to comply there is not much you can do about it . Gallant effort. Regards Rob
I felt for you. Man so frustrating and so close🙈
I saw that nice car and no way did I think it would fight him like that.
The bit about you trying to break the exhaust off was really funny. I saw you at LS fest too didn't get a chance to say hi because I think you were busy. Love everything you do Derek!
As soon as I saw the title, I knew it was going to be a jackpot of epic proportions! LMAO
What a heart breaker Derek. My suggestion is to check all the ground connections on the frame and engine. Clean them and make sure metal to metal contact. Good luck amigo
Total engine and transmission swap BBC
Holley E.F.I?? Or something like that??
I wouldn't EVER take on another computer car!! Those things are designed by the devil and genuinely possessed!!  Father Merin won't even do an Exorcism on these things!! A fine effort though Derek!
Worked with a guy who daily drove a 4,6,8 Cadillac Eldorado. Had to clean the 0lugs on the cylinders that cut out everyday before he went home, because of oil bowling. Good times.
Put an LS in it and sell it
Valiant effort Derek. GM's TBI in general were very reliable. Would love to see you haul it back home and spend time on it to find out what the issue really is.
Stuff that, man. Besides the learning experience, I would hate this engine.
The cameraman laughing at the shreks wedding ring joke has me laughing so hard 😂
The struggle is real... "Persevere & Hava Beer" amazing patience and deliberation.....Santa is going to be kind to VG this year
dont you love when you buy a car and then find out that you got the 1 year only or first year model that has every problem that could be wrong 🤣been there done that and was waiting for you to say i think im just going to sell it 😂🤣😂
WHAT R U IN NORTH DAKOTA OR SOUTH DAKOTA,,,,...UNFRIENDLY TERRITORY,,,,,,,,,, I BEEN THERE NEVER AGAIN ,,,,,, I GO BACK THERE ,,,,,
Did you ever consider to open an auto pipe Shop...?
Great show, it deserved the drum roll!  It would be interesting to see an autopsy on this rig. I think the best fix would be a aftermarket fuel injection. When it lit on fire at the end I thought I heard a subliminal "Burn, Baby Burn"... The body is too nice to scrap it, hope something comes of it.
Just finished up doing something very similar to this on a 1976 continental at work and it went pretty much like this every time I thought it was ready to leave I’d drive around the block and something else would break, luckily I just to clean up a fuel make it happener instead of the TBI junk
Awesome video as always...your patience was wearing thin on this one, but you stopped because of time,not a quitter...truly enjoy your channel my friend...Merry Christmas
Awesome video.  Thank you!!! Laughed my butt off.   I thought I was the only one who hates working in tbi crap
Looks like my 1st car a white on white 86 Fleetwood it had the 307 olds motor though loved that car this one not so much that motor is weird got a feller thinking why in the world
Sold for 1800.00!
Couldn’t help but wonder if you could’ve swapped a TBI out of a later GM. TPS sensors often get stuck after sitting,  ECT sensors will cause a rich condition, they get corroded and will read -40 degrees. Anyone who’s had GM truck 88-98 knows what I’m saying there. Another fella mentioned MAP sensor issue. It would be worth checking fuel pressure to see if you’re not getting too much like you had mentioned, I’ve seen that happen a time or two.
You know what maybe you should go carb
And did I mention it’s ok to quit as long as you quit early.
I dont know if it helps but i only shop at orielly now for brick and mortar car parts
This was one of theeee worst Cadillacs ever made I mean the motor wise the Cimarron was really bad and also catera I mean it had a French transmission and a British 3.0-liter V6 both countries know for quality cars lmao
shame on GM pile - o - shit
Huh, between the sneeze and all the noise at 35 minutes in, I was thinking you were gonna poopy your pants💩😅. That frame is almost new shape, unreal. I have a friend that drove one of the 8-6-4 s for a couple years. He hated it. There was a pause when it switched between cylinder usage. He thought it used more fuel pulling those dead pistons around than if they were firing. He finally disconnected it so it would always run on 8, w 1:06:20 hich he claimed was more fuel efficient and ran much better. Edit: where's your safety shield when you are using the grinder and working under the car Hoss?
I just love this Chanel, All hail VGG
Derek, put a carburator on it. It'll be fine.
Why aren't grinders reversible?!? I've been asking for 40 years!
Was a lot of fun working on this here vehicle. It's a fine specimen. No worries. Say are there any sort of cliffs around here a guy could maybe accidentally roll heavy objects off of? Preferably with some really deep, deep water at the bottom that's too polluted to swim or fish in? Just asking for a friend, if you know what I mean.....
Big problem with these are the gaskets and rubber lines for the vacuum functions . The emissions stuff on these models are a nightmare
Great episode. On a different note I saw news about tornadoes in Tennessee hope you and family are ok
Ya don’t need Bill Nye ya need a swing or 2 of George Dickel because that Caddy Dickel’d you around 2hrs 20 minutes  I would estimate that you had 6+ hours of film.  Sorry Friend. Those 1981 Caddies were junk. Could’ve been worse. You could have the Seville with that jewel of an Engine.
Oh man you had a fight for sure. Back in the winter of 98...I burned a 4.3L Chevy to the ground with a leaking TBI. I pulled the plugs just like you did after it hydrolocked. But I was a newb and the minute I hit the key the plug wires sparked and boom. But hey I got a new Jeep outta the deal after the fire dept left.
I will buy it from you. I am in Minnesota
definitely want to see you rip all that crap off of there and show that the engine will run without all that crap on it.
I think you should try to get a bunch of brainiac gear head nerds to get it running like it's supposed to and, like you said, buy them(those caddies)   up. I think some of the major problems could be ironed out, and this could actually be a great idea. I mean running on different numbers of cylinders for different situations. I think the idea and design now are perfectly timed. With a little tech, like maybe 3 computers or something, you could resurrect this horrible beast. In fact, you could quite possibly innovate something more magnificent.
Small block Chevy conversion just might do the trick 😊
Carb Swap.......
I was laughing the whole way with this one. I say strip all the junk off of it and throw a carb on it. Sell it and get Bettie White up to snuff.
they had really good starters
Nothing says reliability quite like a Cadillac 8-6-4
Oh I believe I'm a fly
As I recall having the same problem as you had on the Caddy I nearly pulled all my beard hair out just to find out it was a Low engine temperature sensor left front of the engine . It was a small sensor that supplied computer was a low temperature reading for start up and warm up which acted like a cold start valve . When that sensor goes bad the engine floods and nothing you can do to stop it unless you can fool computer into running but the low temp sensor always catches up . when the engine temperature drops and the sensor is faulty . There is a low engine temperature and a high Engine temperature sensor .
GM's bad idea
This is not a one year engine.  This was a one year fuel control.  I am sure it was bypassed years ago.
Hey Bro I can't believe. those people ,didn't offer you to borrow some SAFETY GLASSES,,,,,,,,,SAFETY TODAY NOT TOMORROW,,,,,,THAT,S FUCK UP ,BRO,,,,,
More straight piping; 1:08:16
that's the tire blue is good
I think after rewarding your patience with multiple cold snacks you should put in an order for a carb kit and dang the Greta's !!😂😂😂
Right blinker is in wheelchair and the left one is paralyzed-Vice grip garage- 😂😂😂
I would Toss that entire engine and swap in a regular carbureted Cadillac engine.
Worst thing that was ever done was to put computers in cars.
In my home town!
At about the halfway point in the video I started laughing uncontrollably. How you ever kept a straight face and continued trying to troubleshoot this twisted wreckage is beyond me. I was there in the 80s when computerizing cars really picked up momentum. The electronics weren't potted and or sealed and I'm sure the engineers were just throwing stuff at the wall to see what would stick as the complications mounted.
Right from the get go I was thinking, dump the electronics and do a carb swap. 👍🏻
Best video to date! Ill probably say the same next week 😂
Try with whatever
LS swap it! 🤣🤣🤣
Big block carb swap! Give it the motor it should have had👍🏻
I think he knows more about this rig than he is letting on. This is after all supposed to be entertainment.
golden like an eagle with four wings
Motor swap it
💪💪💪thanks for the revivals! sitting in the car with your knees on the dash and the steering wheel in your teeth had me rollin 😂
2:03:07🤣🤣🤣🤣
With such low miles and a great body I think its worth making it a going to town rig. You can pull all that original junk out from under the hood and either holly sniper it with vintage air system or carb it or something. Its in better shape than most of his rusty acres vehicles.
No one was going to steal that cat
A+ for effort if you can dump the cad get er done. your brain must have hurting .
Strip all the crap off of the motor and stick a carb on it.
All the more reasons I hate digitals.
Great video Derek! I would keep the Cadillac and swap the engine (and maybe trans for a 6.0 vortec from a 2000s work truck
You've had Betty White a couple years .... and now you've added Linda Blair ...
I can think of quite a few things you could do with this piece of junk, but none of them produce a functional automobile.  Joking aside, my guess is that they had to put so many sensors on, they introduced more ways to fail than my dog has fleas. The computer is only one of many component that have to work for the engine to run properly.
Boy that whole muffler and cat fiasco. I thought Derek was going to have to call out for somebody that new CPR if it lasted another 10secs. seconds. Lmao 🤣 😂 And the brake drum pure gold. I've done some mechanicin in my days and I'm telling you Derek you got the patience of a  stone. If that have been me they're at the end when that sucker caught fire I think maybe I'd of just turn the key to on and let her flow. Lmao 🤣😂
Hands down my favorite video yet!! 😂😂😂
you want that caddy fixed right the first time ????     CALL IVAN AT PINE HOLLOW AUTO DIAGNOSTICS ,   HE HAS A YOU TUBE CHANNEL  AND HE IS TOP GUN  WITH THOSE COMPUTER CARS  !!!!!!   AND   YES  HE MAKES LONG DISTANCE ROAD CALLS  !!!!!!!  YOU  ARE  JUST  PISSIN  IN  THE  WIND   !!!!!!!!    WHAT HE CALLS THE   PARTS  CANNON   !!!!!!!!!        HE IS A PRO    NOT A HACK A BILLY  !!!!!!!!!       AND YES  HE GETS PAID  FOR HIS PRO  TIME  SO EXPECT  A  BILL    !!!!!!!!                                                                                          YOU WERE  LIKE  A  MONKEY  TRYIN  TO  SCREW  A  FOOTBALL  !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Painful to see you fight this. I never heard you say the word Coolant Temp Sensor, if it's open and reading - 40 it'll dump fuel. Map sensor can cause issues. Raw fuel dumping in the TBI could be from you thrashing the 2 injectors around and also not applying lube( I use petroleum jelly) to the upper and lower o-ring's when re-installing the injectors. You also later messed with the fuel pressure regulator without knowing what the real pressure is. As you found out, you can't get answers by guessing. To start with- Short the A and B terminals in the ALDL connector under the dash to read(blink out) the codes. Actually test the fuel pressure, 81 GM TBI is supposed to be 9 to 13 PSI. And then you have that 4/6/8 crap, delete it. GM's OBDI TBI is very simple. Don't put a ECM in it unless you are absolutely sure its bad, chances are it's good.
Id run down the road and see if the guy with the old dart wants to trade!!!
gotter jerry rigged
Ls swap it put on the floor wheels and tires and pimping
Could any of the issues be because of faulty injectors? Maybe there are seals inside that got damaged and that's why they're dumping so much fuel??
Derek SAPRANO  OHHH!  🇮🇹
i almost fell out of my chair laughing when the break drum went scootin across the floor
Merry Christmas to you Derek, and to your family as well. Thank you for another AWESOME year of entertainment. Im sure the years to follow will bring much more.   As for the Caddie. Rip off that TBI and slap a carb on her. Shell run just fine.
Sudden occurance; 1:03:44 ?!  Where's the tanya hard'in?
You’re a saint Derek. I’d been spraying fuel on that burning carb. Let’s rip out all those hoses and wires and put a Holley Sniper on it
Saw tornados near you guys tonight! Hope all is well! The Lord be with you!!! Mark
I had a 95 sls that did the same thing but   I was able to reset the computer it would good for months or days the act up again
I would love it if you could find a local Caddy dealership who would be willing to participate, and have this towed in there.  Film the young modern era techs in a modern shop as they try to figure it out along with Derek.
It would of taken less time to stuff a ls engine in it then just drive it home 😂
I got a Jaguare XJS V12 for cheap and it was filled with 20 quarts of gas never did find out what was wrong with it. Sold it for 5 times I paid for it still not running.
Carb swap please!
Also does it have a dual function temp switch
Another "Blast From the Past". As previous pit guy at FasLube/ Jiffy Lube, ALL Caddy's got the PZ10! I always felt like they were way undersized for those massive engines, but hey, rules were rules.
Will watch you work on anything.  But if it’s me - I sell it and try something else.  That particular Cadi was particularly bad and there were some really bad ones.
😂😂😂😂 VG, probably the funniest upload I’ve seen in a while. Caddy put up an excellent fight! You went left, it went right. You guys both put up a valiant fight
What a hunk of junk! I remember my Dad buying this same car except in black! He sold it back to the Cadillac Dealership after 4000 miles and spending about 5 months in and out of the service department in one year! He never bought another Cadillac again hahaha 😆 I don't even know if a carbon swap is worth it but it might be a fun video?
it'll run down hill too
Youve got alot patience i would of gave up by now and burned the car to the ground lol
Those hubcaps look like Oldsmobile caps off a ninety eight or a delta 88 but those don't look like caddilac caps at all
omg, that was super painful to watch you twist the muffler off. God-O-Mighty, why didn't you wear a mask of a face protecter. You're going to paid big time for this man, health wise.
😂That brake drum thing was hilarious ask me how I know. Yep been there.
Id like to see the car fixed in one fashion or another.  Just a personal rhing really.
Replace the current motor with a 1979 motor that does not have all the crap computer stuff. JMHO
A guy looks great! Keep up the workout routine 💪🏼
So happy for Derek's success. Been watching since before ROCKY and his hard work proves the 'Murica dream. F'n Rock Star in the car world
I would love to see it working but with that whole crappy injection system deleted
Best episode ever lol We have all been there
Caddi we  sux.
What a fight: from almost burning your beard off to almost burning the car down, she fought you every step. I've never seen a drum go off on its own before. Maybe it was trying to tell you something. Well, a guy tried .. nice vid, Derek
It was one heck of a try Derek, like you mentioned carb swap it , or all else fails slam a big block in it .   Cheers
Go down the road and see if they want to sale that nova
Coolant temp sensor is reading - degrees, adding too much fuel
Love how you wallered around on the floor for us even though there was a nice creeper hanging on the wall.
Wow just tow it home and engine swap it
Carb Swap or convert it to an electric vehicle. You are smart enough to do the conversion.
I think this is the most irritated I’ve ever seen you in a video
that was painful to watch but intertaining non the less thanks
A bit of a beefed up 6 liter and a 4l80 and ya got a plush goin to town rig
I feel your frustration.
Side trim that is moldy, I guess that's why they called it "molding" 😂😂😂😂
Cadillac Ranch substitute! Just kidding... Happy Holidays to you and Family! Thank you
Best video yet!!!!! Find some more tbi parts and give it another go!!
I think it's time for you to make the computer - "open the pod bay doors, Hal"
One great video! When I buy signal lights for my wheelchair, I’ll get some reused from an81 Cadillac. Thanks for the heads up.
The injector pulse width is controlled by the distributor. There should be a little spool for you to disconnect under the glove box so you can check the timing. Im guessing that someone messed with it along the way throwing the whole system off.
Well, this muffler delete scene is on par with the front seat delete scene.  HILARIOUS !!
could tow it home. Put a different engine in it then flip it.
I'll give you $500 for it. 😅
Not often I see you throw the towel in. Almost never  happens. You did great keeping it together  working on the ancient tech. Carb swap for sure.
Pluged cats stink
I am glad u are getting what respect u deserve
This would make a great LS swap, with the good body.
Christmas come early this year.  Almost a 2.5 hour Vise video!  😁.  Is that Betty's cousin Natty White?  🤷. Did a feller try changing the temp up a degree and try the reset?🤷   You and this car definitely have a love/hate relationship going on! 😐
Like I said, light a flare road on the hood and slam hood. Shut walk away, sir.
Whomever filmed this for derek did a great job
who's camera man or woman also a lil rag or paper towels to block things from falling in...I know it's not as exciting. BUT
Hell yes do a carb  and was that AC lol
That brake drum moon walking its way out was worth the price of admission all by itself. Hilarious.
loving the feature film length video tonight!
Ahh The Infamous V-864! the 368cu Engine itself wasn't bad, everything above the intake was garbage. take out the intake and put in a 4bbl "FuelMaker happener." plug up all the Vacuums and eliminate all the computer things, hook in some "dijitcal guages".  the radio usually has a digital display (check the fuse) it also has a separate power amp and guess what?? it is a Floating ground!!  The car itself is a king of the road to drive, smooth and comfortable.  or just swap out the entire engine for a  429 from 1979.  the car itself looks in very excellent shape inside and outside.  either the Driver's seat motor is not connected or locked up in its tracks it can be released and or motor can be replaced. I had a 79 Coupe with a 425 that ran and drove like a dream over 300K miles.
You better open the garage door so you don't esifixiate yourself!
Derek thanks for the PSA: Never buy a 1981 Cadillac. Lol. The whole muffler battle had me in stitches. I've been that guy. 😂
Do I see a new burnout vehicle coming soon?
Derek,  I'm from Springfield ! It's the "vibe" here that vehicles  never work correctly......wish I knew you were here,  I'd  take you to get some cashew chicken.......
The cars in great shape so I would carb swap it.
OMG what a mess of a motor I would have just stripped it down and put a regular carburetor
Great try.  The car and the engine are above average.  Turn it into a standard v8.  I am not sure anyone can keep it running properly,  in it's current configuration.
Well..... CADILLAC!!!!! 😳
That was funny to see the insulation from under the hood come out of the muffler where some rodent put it for his nest
That was f’n beautiful bud the flame was the added boom don’t feel bad every model from that year did that it was the bad tbi it was the culprit you had to do a complete rebuild or replace
That muffler scene cracked me up. Only because I’ve been there before. Laying on your back with a car up on jackstands for some reason puts you at the best and worst angle for doing anything. Barely reach it? Yep. Leverage to actually do anything?! Nope! Great!
Im at minute 205 and at less than 1 hour. I knew this car was not going to ever run.  I'm a dealer technician and you have to recognize when something that is not fixable comes across your plate. Spending ten days fixing something that benefits nothing doesn't benefit yourself.
did i say this was a bad idea
Wrong cover sheet on the TPS report?
I owned a 1984 Cadillac Fleetwood Brougham DeElegance with the HT4100 Aluminum V8.  At 60,000 miles the Aluminum Cam Lobes wore down and the engine did the pre detonation thing.  The Cadillac Service Department said the fix is to replace the engine.   No.  I would not recommend a Cadillac to a friend.
Way to go Derek!  You threw everything you had at that thing.  You even learned some new stuff.  Even if you couldn't drive that thing home,  you got it to run,  so there ya go!
Great video Derek! I’ve run into this exact tbi over fueling issue a few times back in the old days. Every time I had one it was always a faulty coolant temperature sensor sending a maxed out cold signal and causing the injectors to go full Niagara Falls. I’d test that sensor or just put a new one in since you already started firing parts cannon at it. 😂 Those tbi motors can sometimes be pretty frustrating to diagnose.
Your sneeze scared the crap out of me lol
My favourite video ever!  You look tired, clearly frustrated and possibly contemplating a gallon of petrol and a match to put it out of it's misery!  Not every story has a happy ending, watching you work through the issues provided an insight into the workings of the Bieri Brain.  Do a carb swap!  Unleash the 6.0  V8!!  Derek, you are the best!!!
This video just doesn’t seem like VGG video. I like when you film without at Camera man. This video feels less personal.
Wow the old caddy had its last oil change in my town! Great video as always!
these are a bad idea
LS swap
1:48:15 Amazing difference and worth the wait, the motor is naturally a v8, and is most happiest running as a v8! Persistence pays off, the old girl was trying,  she was just a little complicated 😂.. I made this comment at 1:48:18 & am now at the end,  spoke too soon,  amazing patience and perseverance Derek,  just wanted to say thanks for making the videos,  and keep making them,  your knowledge and humor is very appreciated..
I hope you guys are safe, lots of tornados in your area.
Derek brother..   Take a few week vacation.
This video is unwatchable  with so many ads
I think it would make a great video stripping all the computer crap out and converting to a computer free car
I really like when you mention prices ! Thank you, it adds to the story in a great way , imho
Can you say LS swap!
ls swap new burnout car
sounds like shit
Right out of the box brand new that engine was a piece of junk. Dont ask me how I know that.
Try switching the happy and sad cables on the battry. That won't work, but you'll burn the rig to the ground and you won't have to worry about it anymore.😎
That trunk lid and rear quarter area are too nice to be used as a fuel tank workbench.
Junk it! lol 😂. Thanks Derek for sharing! Stay safe brother! No big deal! 👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👌🏻👍🏻👍🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
I'm a master certified auto technician with 30 years experience.  I specialize in electrical/electronics. I worked for a GM dealership for 20 years and won the GM mark of excellence award for electrical/electronics and HVAC diagnostics for 6 years in a row (every year the dealership participated in the program). I would say that you HAVE to have a problem in that Throttle body Derek.  Maybe the o-rings weren't installed correctly on the injectors when you put them back in? Possibly a higher pressure fuel pump than the TBI needs like you mentioned as well. I can tell you this for sure, the ECM isn't pulsing those injectors just turning the key on, so if it's leaking fuel through the injectors before you crank the engine it's NOT the ECM causing it.  So, when it is running and the ECM is pulsing the injectors, you're still getting excess fuel as well. Don't just scrap the TBI setup and throw a carburetor on it.  This thing could, and likely will run good after you address those injector/FP issues. On a side note, regarding the computer code clearing,  the process you were trying near the end of the video is to clear the codes from the Automatic climate control module, not the engine control module.  If you want to discuss this or other issues you have with it lmk and we'll figure out how to get in touch.  Thanks for the entertainment and keep up the great work!
Cars were required to have either automatic motorized seatbelts or front airbags starting with the 1987 model year, there were a few companies that offered motorized belts as an option before that, but not Cadillac. By the mid '90s, the either/or option had been removed and cars were required to have airbags no matter what, and nobody ever liked the automatic belts in the first place, so they went away at that point.
Carb swap would be boring,  i would actually like to see a budget macgyver install of some 90s gm Broccoli Injection on it. Or at the very least a kit style efi adapted.
Mom and pops had one! It got stolen! Maybe thats a good thing! I
I really want to see you fix it.
You certainly gave this one your best shot, we first thought this was Betty but soon realized our error! Very entertaining but you must have been very frustrated. We were frustrated for you. Keep your chin up. Things will be better next time.
LS6 swap???
Nice Poop DeVille!
On this one ,I'm egitimately concerned about Dereck's health.... that's a LOT of carbon Monoxide he's huffing through this WHOLE video.
In 1983 I graduated high school and I went to work for a shop that did automotive electric and air conditioning, plus installed spot lights, sirens, emergency light bars, etc... for police, security ambulances etc... this shop in downtown Los Angeles had been in business since 1932 in the same location.   We worked on a lot of Cadillacs old and new.   The 1970s and early '80s were so terrible to work on. Just like what Derek is going through, hoses, sensors, tubes, relays, everywhere.   That electronic climate control unit in the dash not only was your heat and ac controls but it was also the computer interface. There was a way to push the buttons to get codes from the computer like an early version of an OBDII reader. Lots of window motors replaced, lots of starters and yes you had to drop the exhaust system to get access to the starter, alternators, power antennas, ac compressors, frozen expansion valves, God help you if the heater core was leaking and needed replacing, high beam floor switch had a plug that was purposely made to melt from the factory and it would make your high beams flash or stay on, I must have cut out and bipassed 500 of those connectors. The horn pad on the steering wheel would wear out being a very thin piece of foam rubber that smashed down and would let the horn contact continually make contact with the steering wheel causing the horn to honk nonstop or sometimes only when turning the steering wheel. You would hear a customer coming from a couple blocks away. Hahahaha  I could go on and on about how terrible GM was in those years.
The muffler incident brought tears to my eyes I laughed so hard😂
You probably have damaged injector once again try replacing that one injector
Sorta as a joke or a jab at the factory tbi.Put a Holley tbi on it. Or strip the whole system out and go carburetor.
The computer runs well with complete voltage and amperage
The only guy that can make a Cadillac look small   Betty Whites evil sister? 🤔
carb swap it
fuel in the oil
They sent you to Thunderdome sir.....
Definitely the funniest episode ever! I was doubled over laughing! Thanks for the entertainment. Sorry for the frustration.
Would love to see a carb swap and a bunch of the smog bs deleted
A 1982 Oldsmobile 350 rocket will bolt right in, nope. You will have to weld in the frame motor mounts, but other than that it will get you home.
2:03:09 was worth it. That was one of the funniest things I have seen in a repair video.
Bless you sneeze very carefully you are very cool 😎 working on this car very classic
YouTube has done what they said they were not going to do, and that’s drown every download with tons of apps. It’s as bad as regular tv now. Seldom shows a skip after 5 seconds anymore. Now you have to watch at least 30-45 seconds of ads every 5 minutes.
If I had been drinking something when Derek said he had a mouse rib stuck in his teeth I would have spit whatever I was drinking all over the place! Some of his one-liners are delivered so deadpan, so quickly and they're a play on something that happened prior...he had to be one of the class clown smart-asses in high school...and now with his experience he has perfected the art. 😎
it needs a new flint
I thought 💭 you were getting a sawzaw for the exhaust...😂 Name her "The Ol Lady".
Oh my goodness. Ghost in the Machine.
Electronics 😊
In my very limited experience, the GM tbi system is great when it works but a pain when it doesn’t, currently struggling with a problem on my 1990 suburban. Great
Definitely an engine swap
The injectors are probably cracked an is leaking
thanks  good show,good fight.enjoyed it all
I had a Chevy van that was the same way I even did the same thing a ran it home on one injector, ended up putting a carburetor on it and drive it every day. Good luck
You’ve definitely got more patience than I have my give a s**t would have run out at the injectors dumping in fuel.
The Cadillac V8-6-4: if 2020 was an engine.
I would try to delete the ecu as a whole and put an hei ignition with a carb, because it is a really nice car
2 hours! Let’s go!
I'm sure you wish you could just say send help and an expert will show up.  I'm thinking you should be if an age that you have at least heard about these nightmare cars before. Just rip it all off and put a carburetor on it. There is a small block under there somewhere. Take it out with a death wheel, that will be fun 😁
You worked to hard on this one let's finish it! Your the man!
Install a carb? Holley sniper or better yet, install a 90’s corvette LT1 engine/transmission? Replace the 4/6/8 with opti spark! lol…although, once you get to know opti spark, it’s pretty simple stuff. Keep the caddy and change motor? 501? 472? 455? A nice different motor you haven’t built on your channel yet?
Well done on keeping your cool. I feel it would be a great car to crush- or go after market efi and computer. Either way the viewers will enjoy it.
LS swap it. She'll run like  hell  then. Lmao
Bummer. I hope SNL is funny tonight at least.
I had a 92 k1500 TBI 350  with a similar issue. It just poured fuel in.  The coolant temp sender and pig tail were bad. It kept telling the computer it was -40 degrees outside. maybe someone else commented that already. Just a thought.    I Always watch! Great entertainment!  I’m Also from ND.
Had to blink twice hear, what musical 🎵 mushup, likeing the new setup hear. Looks like sunny had some influencing hear.
Dericks injector service, zero gaurantee! lol
I've never seen a guy struggle so much on an old rig. Buyers regret? There's probably a reason or 3 that these failed.
Hey Derek. Check the EGR valve. Chased it for a year.
That cat has a plug that you can remove and drain out all the beads inside the cat I had a 76 olds 88 and it had the same cat those were the first generation of cats and they cleaned the exhaust by using a type of bead that trapped the particles of nitrides of oxide rendering the exhaust clean maybe lol
Appreciate the effort Derek great video regardless love your energy and positivity 🙏
See it run
Great Camara work
Should have just put injectors in it....
LS swap that puppy, or sell it. What ever you like 😂😂😂
Well a guy just watched a two hour movie about a car I don't like made by a company I can't stand and I gotta say, I enjoyed every minute of it.
GM never learned their lesson with  cylinder management. It's a stupid idea to disable cylinders in an engine, but it's another one of those automotive lies that people buy into and get screwed over! 🙄
Junk that TBI and go to your good friends at HOLLEY.......  Getting rid of the computer and the TBI and going with Holley's complete system will give you a great running Caddy AND get rid of that shitbox 8-6-4 system...
I miss those crushed velvet seats. My Grandad had a LTD with them. They were amazing! I wish they would bring them back.
Derek get a Power Probe it makes diagnosing easier and quicker...POWER PROBE  ❤
Quitter!
LS swap her and drive it! It could be a nice going to town rig
retractable seatbelts was late 80s early 90s it was an attempt to avoid what became airbags. Government mandated Supplemental Restraints.
I think it's a good candidate for big block chevy
80s Ford escorts definitely had the automagical guillotine seatbelt
The best car channel on the youtubes. Entertaining and informative, Derek has me seriously LOL’ing multiple times in his vids
Right up the old alley. Thanks for this!
Derek u did everything you could...carb swap beauty car!!!!!
Well, that wasn't the right time for a drum roll....badumbump.
Loved the escape of the brake drum.  You couldn't do that again if you tried. This is BRILLIANT.  No wonder that engine lasted only one year.    All this reminds me of my first "car" - a 1954 Series I Land Rover.  It needed everything.  Brakes tyres, leaks, rust, seats etc, etc, etc.  I spend hours and hours underneath it covered in mud and grease.  Just like you are.  Thank-you for the memories.  Mike
You HAVE GOT TO swap in a 12 valve Cummins! Nothing electronic.  Just get it on and ROLL SOME COAL!!!
I can say I'm not a fan of the cameraman style. I realize its more work for you, but I feel it's no longer you and me, plus I'm not seeing what you're seeing.  I used to love being carried around!
😳 Travis Tritt called me said his Caddy limo TBI was flooding out ask me what he to do? I told him to replace the ECM number two water temp sending unit that controls cold sykle startups or just simplify by unplugging it that will send the TBI into open loop so he can make it to his concert on time till he could get it changed out. He thanked me by singing It's A Grait Day To Be Alive!
I love Cadillacs, but my cutoff year is 1980. Any Caddy built before ‘80, you bet, it’s a classic. After 1980…man, it’s hit and miss. Hats off to Derek for giving that ‘81 a fight. It’s tough to battle terrible engineering.
Well ya had a good run
New burnout car?
This car needs a modern diesel swap
Banging that muffler like it owes you lunch money really made me laugh
maybe   possibly    a  timing  issue..........also........because  it  back fired  into   throttle body,,,,,,,,,,,,,,caught  fire
I wonder if the gas tank-in-the-trunk deal was a novel way to Grandpa from driving?  "No, Gramps. we will never take away your keys!"  "No, Gramps, we have no idea why your car won't start!"
When that drum went rolling off... I lost it lol. That was solid gold!
Oldsmobile hub caps?  I Love this Caddy!
i had me a 81 sedan deville. beautiful car.  hard to track electricals. haha.   am loving watching the show
Here’s your little bleepbloop down below I sure liked the idea of that adapter plate and new carb it would be such a shame to see a fine ride like that one go to smasher at find an adventure. Better you than me hi Jes.
Oh brother you worked hard on this one and man did you make me laugh. When that brake drum came off , well lets just say beer hurts the sinuses. Keep doing what you do man, totally worth the barley snorts.
I admire that you don't use steel toe boots.  They really mess with your flexibility when you have to constantly find ways to stand from whatever weird position you're in on the shop floor.
Oldsmobile wire hub caps would have been enough for me to get what I could for scrap.
My motion sickness prefers your usual cameraman.
For one that you weren't able to drive home. This was very entertaining. Shocked the lowest milage car is the one that wouldn't make the trip.
Just take that engine out and put in another big engine with a supercharger and beef it all up.. that'll be a badass car.
when that hub cover came  off and rolled i was laughing so hard.
The entire series of muffler events at 1:05:00 had me laughing more than I have in years. A guy really needs to just say thanks for being you. You bring so much joy into my life even if it's only in 1 to 2 hr increments
carb swap and sell!
My dad worked at a Cadillac dealership for 25 years until he died in a motorcycle accident.  He was a mechanic there in the 80s & 90s so growing up I saw him working on cars just like this and couldn't wait for this episode to go live. I personally would love to see you get it running and on the road. Keep it TBI but remove all of the smog equipment, and add a Holley Projection unit to it. Also please take the Oldsmobile hubcaps off and some true Cadillac hubcaps in their place.  Awesome episode and thanks for taking me back to my childhood.
I say find a way to carb swap it and find it a new home. Very nice looking Caddie, but she does seem to have some deamons.
As I understand it, the V-8-6-4 was the (ignominious) last curtain call for the old 1968 472 cid block until the equally horrible HT4100 came around. Ya wonder why they lost all that market share.
Derek, it's not like a guy didn't try...the old girl just didn't want to work with a feller...it happens...we refer to these vehicles as females for a reason...they CAN be downright finicky!
bleep blupe
got to be your funniest video yet! when the drum flu off it was over for me! bout fell off the chair! lmao 🤪
I don't know when Cadillac started using Coupe DeVille. But a Coupe DeVille was a two door and a Sedan DeVille was a four door.
A guy likes the factree asbestos muffler option on this Caddy. "Cadillac, the excellence of asbestos filled lungs! Buy yours today!" 😂
Valiant, tenacious effort trying to get that POS on the road for the 500 mile trip. If I were you I’d sell it, there’s better Cadillacs to put time into and better candidates already in rusty acres for engine swaps.
Pull codes
Yank the junk engine and drop in a 307 olds to make a nice daily driver..
You know it's gonna be a good one when it's a 2 hour long video, best way to end a Saturday
WOW I do not like well you know sorry next time 👍👍👍👍👍😁
Tannerite............. A trunk load of Tannerite and a projectile traveling 2000 fps. Boom!!!!!!!!  No more Cadi!
A freaking movie length video featuring a cadillac!!! THANK YOU!!! Damn i love this channel !!!
I would love to see a total engine swap into the body. I think it is the cleanest vehicle you have. Or maybe that is the problem..... to good for you. Loved seeing you work on something that doesn't have a carb. Makes me feel like I am not the only one who doesn't like fuel injection stuff. Magic beep boop boxes make no sense.
Sell It 😂
That was the first year for computers .They were terrible.
Do like I did to my sister's caddy.  Took the 472 out and put a 455 Buick.  Ran great.  Needed 3” duals.  Didn't get that done but it ran.
strip her bear
I worked at a Cadillac dealership, and we would get them to run on just 8 cylinders all the time.  😊
Those cadillacs, we're good for 1 Thing, a boat anchor. Or put it outside, it'll make a great yard. Ornament Happy holidays to you and your family. And it was the funniest video I've ever seen.
Carb swap
Might as well put a small block Chevy in it. That's what Cadillac did in the late 80s early 90s.
I was taking a sip of koolaid when the brake drum came off. My koolaid spewed like the gas in your carb.
Coupe de Ville was originally a two door hardtop (no post).  It came out in 1949 1/2.  In 1950, other GM divisions followed suit with their two door hardtops.  I believe that Chrysler had a two door with no post the same year 1949.  Nada for Ford until 1951.
Getter Duuuun
Great video. I used to have a Barritz Cadillac from that era/ I say sell it. Someone who needs a derby car here in MO would love it. Nice try though, you gave it your all.
You are a very patient man , I would have sent it to the crusher
I absolutely love th movie
Oldsmobile hubcaps
You should have pushed it out and let it burn. Like you said "Can't win em all"  Being that you didn't, go back to plan A, Tannerite.
Brake Drum for the win!  You have a new burn out competition goal.  Not only do you have to pop the tire…you have to make the brake drum fly off and hit a target that starts a domino effect set up to a fireworks show!
I haven't gotten to the brake drum segment. Just wanted to point out that all the mouse house building material prolly originated from the hood insulation. So whatever that was was what was in yer teeth... along with bones and hips and hantas pooh flakes, etc.
Derek, I think you should do a video on tearing all that 8/6/4 crap out of it and toss a carb on it so you have a real working going to town rig.
Cant quite put my finger on it but a guy feels like youre ruining the show with this camera man and studio feel ...
104:00 Honestly, I laughed until I cried.
This is the real working on a old car experience. Know it well.
What is a Bat tree
Dont sell it thats Betty Whites younger sister ya gotta get it running and driving
👍👍
Take it home and call that junk out drop off 400 small block in her
Computer is confused because no CAT SPEAKING!! MEOW MEOW.
Perhaps you looked it out or replaced it off camera, but the other sensor I was thinking of (That affects fuelling) is the coolant temp sensor.  Not even sure if the funk-injection system they used had one, but I bet it did.  The fuel pressure like you said could be it also.  The car is too good to ditch, but I say carb swap it for sure.  Then you can yank out 500 pounds of wires and hoses.  Could definitely be betty white's daughter for the power tours and going to town.
If this isn't the poster child for LS swaps, I don't know what else is ...
Jack the dang thong up
This felt like a giant waste of my time for the time ever....maybe it's just me
I think the video of Derek slamming the muffler into the car deserves to be part of the standard intro.  Maybe right before or after Jessica drops the Monza. Also, Derek, there was a creeper hanging on the wall!  : )
At about 2005-ish me and my brother picked up a 91 Cadillac Fleetwood it had an Oldsmobile 307 in it. It had a four barrel Quadra jet ran off a computer. It fought us for a week. We finally got it to move 10 feet and it died after that we couldn’t get it to run more than a minute. I had forgotten about that car till this episode.
swap a 8.1liter chevy into it
I HATED working on those engines. Way too much shit in the way on them. 2 hours to replace the spark plugs. Even longer when it was a waiter and fresh hot off the road.
Love ALL the videos… thanks for the great content and effort on this one my friend… and as always… thanks for keeping the language clean so my kids can watch with me.
Motor swap burnout car.
To answer the title... No, not even when it was new.😂😂
sounds like shit
I would say, unload that lemon. You tried, it just didn't work out. Thanks for the video. You can't win them all.
My guess is that you will just pull that engine out and transplant something better.  I’m looking forward to seeing that!
Thats the first TBI injectors ive seen not work, they are almost bulletproof but lots of them out there in trucks etc.  owned a couple of Camaro's and Firebird with them...easy peasy Derek!
I admire  you for taking on this revival. I work on gm cars professionally and early tbi can be a pain   Some points of note , if only one injector is going full beans if be suspicious of a shorted injector ( internal), injector  harness , or a bad ecm.   If 1981 had live data with a scan  tool ( ive used gm tech 1 on at least mid 80s cars)  id want to  know what the block learn was, basically early fuel Trim. Id want to know if the computer knows its running rich. Because  that could lead me to a bad sensor/ sensor wire or ecm. If also want to know what codes its throwing.  If its capable  of operating  in open loop id unplug the o2 sensor and run it to see it it runs better on backup fuel tables based off of other sensors  Id make sure your map sensor,  coolant temp sensor and other sensors that effect  fuel trim are in good working order.   I heard rumors that 1981 caddilac v864s got deleted and that some were even converted back to a carb setup due to the trouble they had  And honesly at this point youre reviving  it not numbers matching restoring it. Carb and head swap with older caddy 368 v8 even a engine swap ( ls.... or big block chevy.) or do a modern efi setup with holley   But anyway derek much admiration with what you do out! Im more of a quadrajet or modern efi guy and if i knew you were in Springfield id of gladly tried to help   with the electro digitals 😄
I had the 8/6/4 in my Cadillac Coupe D'Elegance, ran great for years never a problem...
Mr Derek May I ask what's up with road worthy rescue  or am Way behind The times
that sneeze jump scare took at least a year off my life.
What an absolute cliff hanger! Your exhaust delete battle was the most relatable situation ever, been there so many times with all sorts of projects. Ty for being real with us!
Awesome love it when you have a longer Video's. Love the Channel keep up the Amazing work !!!!!!
This video reminded me just how awful a GM starter sounds.
My favorite uncle had this cadillac and after the 3rd time at the dealer he traded it for an Oldsmobile.
First person i see pointing with the middle finger 😅
I say it's time for a feller to replace the engine transmission stupid computer stuff and anything else that's old and decrepit and put in a L S 5.3 and a aod.. or put in a 2007 Cadillac Escalade comes with a 6.2-liter Vortec V8 engine, mated to a six-speed automatic transmission.
Feel the burn (taking the muffler off )
What a drag!
I was hoping to see it run
Best episode ever i love Cadillacs
The Caddy 8-6-4 was GMs second biggest failure (read: disaster), after that diesel-converted Olds 350 debacle that they had released, a few years beforehand.
Derek, you should get a catalytic converter thief to show you how to remove a cat quickly and silently. But your method was fun to watch, I have to admit. As for what to do with this car, I'd like to see a swap to a carburetor, delete as much of that jungle of hoses as possible, and move the front and back bumpers to their proper position. BTW, how many takes did it take to get that brake drum flying off?
Try replacing the coolant temp sensor before you condemn it totally. One last cheap thing to try. Could be dumping fuel because it thinks it’s -20 at all times.
Most likely a bad coolant temp sensor. Telling the computer it's -40 out and just dumping fuel.
I would try new coolant temp sensor meaning one for computer. If it thinks its really cold out it will give alot of gas to it.  I have more experience with Lincoln or Ford cars and on they seldom fail if cars coolant was maintained.  Other things can do it like o2 and while that was not the primary issues it was bad or old and degraded definitly as well. That car may not have a o2 heater. Ford didn't have o2 on the tbi cars so probably gm didnt. If it doesnt have an 02 heater it will not nake it run rich cold because o2 has to heat up to work.  You can also unplug o2 and rule out if its problem.  What else can make it run rich is map/barimetric sensor. I had do that on my Lincoln mark vi. It ran better than that Cadillac but was smoking black and getting poor economy and stalling at lights.  Check its vaccume line. It will run like shit it its broken or cracked or sucked shut. Check sensor vent thst its open and no one capped it off thinking it was a vacume leak(assuming Cadillac is configurd same).  That made my Lincoln run pig rich.  The air charge temp sensor in the manifold can affect mixture. Not sure it would to this extent but they are very cheap and can and did carbon up.  Other things at least on  throttle body injected known as CFI in Fordanese. They dont like weak alternators or batteries that font hold a full charge. They dont like bad grounds. In fact its wise to add a few extra grounds.  Have decent battery cables. Make sure there are no vaccum leaks and that means anywhere.    The Lincoln has all new sensors over past 8 years execpt I disabled egr and un plugged its solonoids  and cooler. It runs better than with egr closed all the time. The injection is reliable and ut gets 20 to 25 mpg suburban and hwy. Its smooth.  This is a fine car. That is a fine engine too. Cadillac 368 is a smaller bore of the 425 and 500. They ruined them in 82 with a horible 4.1 engine that would fail prematurely and had no power.   Back in the mid 80s people sold these cheap. I knew a guy who had 3 with this engine he got very cheaply and they ran beautifully with the v864 disabled.  Throttle body inhection in the old Ford community has a bad name. It is sort if an automotive dead end. People didnt learn it. It didnt put out codes from 80 until 84. And in 86 or 87 it went away with the beloved and tuneable and well supported in the aftermarket multiport replacing it. That said throttle body injection was smooth and efficient and worked well. If you reason it out its basically like multiport but with map sensor instead of mass air flow.   Love all the shows.  You should revive a 80s Lincoln.
12 years, is this the one where Derek finally has brakes?
Have you ever had a jack stand fail or any close calls?
I had a 76 impala bought new first oil change used clamp wrench crushed oil filter punched with screwdriver ripped canis ter tried chanellocks ripped oil filter off left mounting ring had to use chisel to spin off destroying mounting plate this was the filter from factory
That must have been frustrating, though I did enjoy the brake drum trying to make an escape.
derek i think you should carberate it   fix the exhaust   and sell it   the 864  system has shown  its  not worth  your time or effort  the worst thing you can  do is to  chase a nickel with a dollar
Derek why not replace that carburetor with a Holley which u have used in the past on other projects. It has its own computer. That might work. What you think?? Richard Perth western Australia 😊
I will say this much. Cadillac One piece At A Time is one of my favorite Johnny Cash songs. :)
My experience with TBI if it's dumping fuel it thinks it's Stone Cold and trying to act like it's choking like a carburetor chokes. I had issue the same problem work similar issue had a hell of a time with the TBI on a suburban found out I replaced a second not the primary but a second water temperature sensor that was malfunctioning and couldn't accurately measure the temperature of the engine and screwed up the fuel sensor just if it helps otherwise laughed my ass off best episode I've ever seen thank you
Smart dude and funny as hell. Thanks for the journey down crazy lane with that beast
Dynamite! OH PLEASE!! My father had one of those in 1993 or 94. An old mechanic killed the 4 6 8 system and ripped the tbi off. It ran fine after all the work, but it left us strandard too many times. Please please please demolish that thing!
Camera man???
Wood! Grain! Radio! KNOBS!!!!!
Derek, You definitely took one for the team. If/when you get it home, put a carb on that thing and replace the computer, get it running and sell it. You did everything possible and then some, which is a testament to your years of experience. Thanks for everything you do, even when it doesn't work out.
Haven't even watched.  These are the best videos ever! Thanks Derek!!!  EDIT: Ok so owning an 84 eldorado..as soon as you add electronics from the 80s you're in trouble 😂 that being said I wish I had a clean parts store studio to start working on this beauty
Do a carb swap and the cylinder shut down was a neat idea to save fuel but I've worked on the newer version of that crap design and it is worse
Having a cameraman is a big plus. Being able to catch that brake drum take off and catch Derek's live expression in the shot was absolute gold.
Love the videos the computer has to have a constant 12 volts if the alternator isn't working it's going to go crazy
Temp sensor causes it to flood plus the alt not charging cause outer to act crazy
I like the camera action following you as you work.
Another awesome video. It's kind of a pile of trash minus the body and interior. That doesn't mean drop a new engine and transmission in it because with how people drive today that car would kill you.
Why do you not make your own gaskets?
It's chewing on mice lol
Hey, partner, it would a bit easier to just swap that boat around for the 400 after the hood with a car breaker. Disconnect all That computer throw away and the deepest ocean.
Well Derek if it was me it would have a 6.0 LQ4 and a 4l65
5 Gallons of diesel and a match ought to take care of it.
Hopefully some engineers got fired.   Probably promoted.
LS swap it! Gut the cars wiring and start over... tub the rearend, tube front-end... drag race, Finnigan!
make it compact and send it to china
Thanks for the video I never watch TV anymore, your videos are king. GM did not understand the KISS system. Merry Christmas Bill N LI NY
There is an adapter to put a Holley 2 barrel on a tbi manifold I’ve used one.
Love the videos man! Had one of these cars a long time ago, haven't owned a Cadillac since. Almost finished watching the video, won't own one still. Keep them coming.
Now you look like BOWSER in mariokart
If there is a lake nearby pull dat evil kneivel stuff and let er rip
What shitbox great video I was getting frustrated with you I was saying different words
Do you have Brakes hope so you might be lucky very cool 😎 car old school American made
The flying rear brake drum coming off reminded me of my brother’s 1975 Olds Cutlass he did the brakes and didn’t put those pesky brake drum retainer clips back on the lugs. He also managed to have a wheel fly off the right side and the drum went with it!
Just turn the speedometer back to under 50,000 and let GM fix it under warranty
I could tell a feller was getting fed up early into this car! I would’ve too!
That nice smoking cigar and coffee kinda cruisers through state park and Sunday drive lol    Redman headers and flow master on a Cadillac
This is the result of some college genius computer geek engineers that never turned a wrench...just sayin
If you are by yourself, who is videoing?
good price, good body, I would get back around to it or pass it on to someone with the time
Dont you dare go into production style filming for your youtube channel. Keep it like it was.
Coolant temp sensor and check engine grounds. 👍
Rip out the engine, the transmission, wiring harness....just gut the friggin' thing. Give it to a young person to drop in ANY other motor. Weld to the frame if you have to, wire it by hand - it will be faster and easier than trying to get this one-year-only -8-6-4 to function adequately. Wow this was a hard one to watch! I can only imagine how you felt DOING it Derek.
watch out the juice will run out of the battery
Carb swap please. I kept screaming “New alternator! It’s low voltage.” I was wrong. That happens a lot to me, but I’m used to it.
We can’t fix stupid! 🤣 computers?
Troubleshooting to get it running 👍
Best line on my next T shirt more stuff than in (insert name)trunk
been there those are a junk system just swap engine and be done sharp car though😅
Cadillac is garbage sell it and run lol
I know exactly what the problem is only because I've ran into this problem before. The ecm is reading -40 coolant temp, in the case I ran into it was the ecm. The only way to know is plug into it with a scanner. In the case I ran into it was a cross fire injection in a Vette, the wire resistance checked out okay all the way to the ecm in the coolant temp sensor circuit.
The cameraman is definetly a plus make it feel more alive and dynamic, love it! Hope you keep on the great work
you'd think you'd fit in a big car
A bad Coolant temperature sensor will cause all the problems you're experiencing if it's feeding the ECM a -39 degree value.  Very common problem in that era.
small block it lol
It needs a computer? How is that even possible? That computer is only 40 years old! Tech is our savior and will solve all our problems.
Looks like the hood insulation was in your exhaust.
So you just showed us the absolute worst engine ever made?😂
Not blowing smoke up your arse, you gave it EVERYTHING you had. NOBLE EFFORT GUY!!!
Speaking as someone who has always sorta viewed the under hood area as incomprehensible pasta, THIS car truly shows the length engineers will go to swing their ... credentials around.  Bless you for seeking to understand this stuff.  All my best.  Dave.
I can see a part 2 and maybe 3 on this one.
I've seen all your videos and I enjoyed this one the most. I'm sure it was very frustrating but at least it was wildly entertaining! It would be great to see the computers removed/disabled and a carb installed. Probably would run like a dream.
It's the map sensor
Dang computer wasn't computilatin'
As a Fellow Youtube Certified mechanic I can say you did more than most including me. Im almost 92.3547% sure that the problem is there isn't a for sale sign in the window!  I say sell that pile for $500 or dump thousands of dollars into it and ls swap it and then sell it for $750!
The exhaust battle was splendid
Requesting the camera operator wobble a bit less. It's nice that I can always see what Derek is doing, i just need the image to be more stable. Maybe someone forgot to stabilize it in editing?
At least at off all the YouTubers you actually put time and the work into your videos and can't forget your editor aka your wife does a banging job of the camera work and your kids now doing there things but one suggestion on that having kids myself of course work smart not hard but you don't want them to never get a real job and only making easier money buy doing videos I do know it's a way to make more money than someone like me that works 3 jobs to still live paycheck to paycheck but letting them get a real job working 10 hours days will teach them a lot then getting not saying free money buy just getting a camera and just video the everyday stuff you normal do that's to easy and not saying what you do is but you got to admit way easier to make lots of money making videos than working for the man but it still shows the kids how to work hard and plus YouTube I just don't think in 20 yrs will even be away to make money one day it will go down or to where it's not worth it you need a fall back job forsure it's way easier to make money from doing very little for some anyways especially if there life more entertaining than say mine just worth making sure your kids no what it's like to work a real life job but you and your wife seem to be very good parents rare to see that sad to say but true like my boy and girl i taught them respect and to work hard and only depend on there self and your mom and dad thats all you can trust the rest especially if you make good money thats when all the cousins and friends come out with hands out thank god i raised my kids to have old souls and as my little girl turns 16 yrs old the 18th she can graduate in less than a yr she in 10 grade cause we been with are kids since day one no babysitters or anything it was hard but paid off the son super smart loves online gaming which nit a great thing but at 13 he already trying to create a better verision of  a certain game and i will do whatever it takes for it to work out and if so he found  his passion doung or creating games but not for the man for hisself i am sooo dam blessed for my kids and wife jessica but you keep doing your thing i wish i was intersting tobbe able to become someone that matters in this world but idk where to start tobmake a decent video i am too broke to do anything the only family / work car trans is out all but 3rd and I am now walking my children to school one mile to schoolna mike back its cold and raininypast week and as a father husband i feel like a failure cause i cant get back to work to due to cant affird a trans its a 4l60e typical problems no reverse /1st and 3rd but i dont have tools anymore got rob 2 months ago for 6500 inbmy tool all snap on stuff the box was 3500 I work for Ford for 11 yrs dont know crap about trans i can take em out and put one in that where my knowledge ends i wish i could meet you derrick and work on it and your place I too live in Tennessee all my life small town called lake city now after 50 yrs its now called rocky top close to Oneida and Knoxville and hey if you ever could help a family out with helping me in your shop i can drive it to you you could turn my family life around i doubt you would even bother reading this from a small feller like me but you would change a family life just by the help and knowledge you have I heard a speed sensor could be it I don't have the funds to buy all these maybe parts and not be it and can't risk a junkyard d trans since all these trans seem to have same problems but if you ever have time for a small guy family like me I would owe you a big debt and you changing are way of life sounds bad but as you no no car no job and some thank you for the fun and knowledge I get from all your videos but I would be a happy man to even be recognized from someone like you derrick be a honor thank you
Hell of a job for one man. Get a helper, plumber's nightmare.
I bought a white & blue leather 1980 with 10k miles on it in 1981, great car loved driving that thing cross country to work ever couple of weeks. I miss that sled.
OMG you are making me want to throw tools for you.
That Muff was so tuff!
"...and then the computer thinks 'I'm supposed to do something BLEAH'"  You need to go on the comedian circuit - took me 20 minutes to quit rolling on the floor laughing!  🤣
That drum was like " the hell with this...iam out of here!!!" 😂😂😂
There might be a loose nut behind the wheel ! Nope - Not
I agree Derek too many new fang dangled computering devices and doodabering widgets, the brake drum segment was the 🍒  on top though😊 great video as usual, thanks again.
Finally, a car I own. Rip that engine out and put in a chevy small block. The 864 and the 4100 were more trouble than they're worth. I'm semi lucky. My 86 has the olds 307 and its been very reliable. My 83 has a damn Frankenstein of an engine and I'm amazed it runs. Olds 350 diesel block, petrol heads and intake under an Edelbrock 1806 that ran on LPG. The wiring has done with a hacksaw and I wish I was kidding. I'm also in the UK so engines are hard to find and pricey.
I'm over here telling you through the tv it's the coolant temp sensor. The tbis are horrible if that sensor goes out
Early to mid 80s cars were all emission disasters and impossible to work on. Friend of mine had an 84 crown vic and you actually couldn't see the motor for vacuum line spaghetti. Had the weirdest variable venturi "carb" I ever saw. It's one point in automotive history nobody wants to preserve or replicate.
6 liter swap it and get rid of the boat anchor , Murry Chrysler to you and the fam Derek
Was this a similar fuel injection that the 84 Vettes had that were notorious?  The crossfire engine or something?  Early digikals seem to be a nightmare.... as well as emissions stuff.  My friend had a 75 Granada that had just about as many hoses in it.  My 76 Nova was caveman technology in comparison.  Since this is in such great condition overall, I think it's worthy of some sort of rejuvenation.  Maybe someone that knows this system well enough to restore it to the factory hot garbage it was.  Or put a newer digikal system on it.
My father owned two if these Cadillacs 1987 and a 1991. They were not fast off the line but…. They were the smoothest riding, gliding, cruising car I have EVER sat in!!!  The seats were incredibly comfortable. Some cold beer and me and my buddies would float that Fleetwood about  45 miles to Auburn University and look for women!!!!🤣🤣🤣 I wish I had one on good shape today.  Those were some good times!!!
The muffler press was the single greatest thing you have ever done. Lmao
When even the brake drum was trying to get away from this car, you should have known better than to keep working on it. You might have saved this one for a Halloween special.
Derek - I think we all know now why the 8-6-4 Cadillac was only made and sold for one year.  Just think how you would feel after spending all that money for a new Cadillac that was always a problem.  Nice try and great effort.  Look forward to your next adventure
THE REALLY BAD THING - IS PEOPLE THINK, THAT MECHANICS GOT IS EASY, AND THAT THERE CAR SHOULD BE READY WHEN THEY COME TO PICK IT UP! I SAY! GOOD 👍 JOB TO YOU, BECAUSE YOU NEVER GIVE UP!!- HAVE THE 🖥️ COMPUTER CHECK OUT!
Merry Christmas to all of you at VGG, and all of your followers. 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🙏  🧑‍🎄🧑‍🎄🧑‍🎄🚁🎄
Way more commercials lately. Still love the show.
Right turn signals not working cuz it's out of BLINKER FLUID.Gord
Wow! Parts car?
I worked as a Service Writer for a Chrysler/Plymouth dealership back in1984 (K-car days... I didn't stay there long!).  We had a customer who was a Dentist that had bought a new Imperial in 1983.  It had the 318 with fuel injection, and it was very important NOT to touch the accelerator until after it started!  If you pressed the accelerator-- even a little bit-- before cranking, it would NOT start.  Needless to say, the dentist was not happy, and he told all of his doctorial friends about it.  The dealership finally got permission from the regional service manager to remove the fuel injection and retrofit a carburetor.  The price tag for the swap was almost $2000!  One of the coolest things I saw there was a couple of Chrysler sedans (E-Class I think) that had been special ordered for the local FBI office.  They had the Turbo 2.2 engine, which was rated at 146bhp while the base 2.2 was rated at 72bhp!
As always a guy produces a fine video. So my son and I did the right thing after doing ujoints in his 89 f150. 60 miles later the cap of a ujoint let's go the vibration travels up his drives haft, ejects his starter and cracked his bell housing. So we did the right thing he bought an o1 Ranger 3.0 flavor. It needed timing chain, cover seal, and water pump we just finished it tonight he is out driving it now. We hope the head gaskets aren't blown. He both the ranger to drive until he save up the money to fix the f150. Sir I know it's about getting them running and driving. But when a guy does, this, like 54.987373 times a year. Some just aren't gonna go. But as always your content is fantastic.
Cadillac trebuchet. I had to stop and listen to "you bugger" a couple of times before I got it
I’m the type that would have burned the car down after a few hours,🥴don’t know how you get through the headaches. Great effort 👍!
Would of done the carb swap on day one after seeing all that wire horrors and aftermarket solder job
Much respect. Computers in these were known for going bad.  The lack of diagnostic mode suggests a bad ECM.   02 sensor is only read once it’s warm, so that’s not the issue.
That's a prime candidate for a big block V8 swap
Thank you for finding the 81 coupe. My grandparents owned one and my grandmother left it to me when she passed in 2000. I hurt was broken when it was taken   An I can’t afford to get it back. You have brought back some very happy memories for me.  Thank you..
you are better than me. I would have burned it to the ground by now. lol.
That old Cadillac has [almost as many hoses ] as a new F150 has
Why did you put the fire out?
the muffler deletion was a thing of beauty!
If there ever was a car begging for an LS or LQ swap, this eould be that car. Great styling, trash mechanicals
And people can steal your cat right out of your driveway without you even knowing about it. Lol.
Anbil target kaboom.
I heard Tannerite at one point,,, I had a '91 ? 4.9 multi-port  it ran great.
Them Motors should have went to the junkyard when they were made hahaha
You need a tow truck
Buddy, whoever this cameraman is was able to capture the gold you usually do and more! You need to have this guy at the ranch to hold the light for you!
This car is as stubborn as a mule.  It just would not cooperate at all.  You are amazing and I love this channel. I suspect you will win in the end.
I worked at a  GM Dealership  through that era of Caddy as a Mechanic ! Sick days were called when one of them came in , funerals , sick mother in hospital ! lol we worked in a flat rate shop and alot of mechanics ended up with poor pay periods because of them!
Camera Gimbal would be a great asset.
That epic battle with fire coming out carb , starter , assorted wiring was def early Christmas present! Let’s go
Thanks for trying Derek, I would watch you do a carb or a whole engine swap, on it the body is decent enough.
In my mind, I’m already dropping in a big block ~ I’m sure I’m not the only one!!
handle battery
2:20:58 the longest you tube ever
You need to wear gloves and a mask and safety glasses!
I think a fella just cuts his losses and lets it go
GM had  tons of  issues  with they're 80's  models ..  "early"  computer controlled fuel  and ignition systems ..  Even when they were still running and on the road ..  I worked for GM  for a few  years out of Tech school .  The early days  of  transitioning  into  an on-board computer  to run the vehicle ... well I'll say it was  never  short of interesting  ..
Great video as always!
That muffler whack a mole thing is in the running for a major event in the upcoming Redneck Olympics. Uses a whole new muscle group you never knew you had.
I literally felt your stress watching this, Derek! I DIED laughing when the rear drinker's side drum came off!!! Figured the 1981 ECU is long dead, but had a string of hope for the new O2. If only non computer vehicles could come back! Never even knew about that Cadillac 864 thing until this video. Junk just like the Northstar. Much admiration/respect to you for seein it through! P.S.-I very recently had to replace the factory IAC on my 95 Sedan DeVille 4.9 Had to bottom out the threaded shaft on the solenoid for it to run right. Can a feller just gut the computer/wiring and carb it, cause it's in really good shape/low miles to flip it?
Engine swap it for a 350!
Bother I am so sorry If you don't do a show next week I understand lol
It does have a T400 transmission, buy a junkyard 4.8 LS and swap it.  I know it’s been done but don’t build the engine just run as close to stock as possible. 💁‍♂️
Derek you should have used a large pair of chanel lock pliers to grap that oil filter.  I've seen a large screw driver driven thru the oil filter to pry it off of the car.
It NEEDS A BIG BLOCK!!!!!!
Oh my lord, have I been there beating on a muffler.
this is too early engine 8-6-4 bad idea
I feel your pain. This is NOT the year Caddie to buy.
Good old cadillac
Hey Derek i live just east of St Louis, i have plenty of inside storage if you need to put it somewhere i can keep the car here at the low price of one xl t shirt
"The brake drum has traveled farther than the vehicle itself" man that was classic.
Thank you so much for showing how frustrating this vocation can be, it’s very refreshing.  Not for you, but for us.   Thanks, my ND friend.
A feller just keeps giving us quality entertainment type stuff. Happy Holidaze to you and your family and to all the other followers and fans. I'll be Dipped !
When I started watching VGG Derek Biere was the cameraman🤣
The fuel pressure tester goes inline at the fuel filter if its like all other TBI chevy trucks 87-95. Theyre incredibly reliable in trucks, i cant say the same for Cadillac. But if fuel pressure is too high it will push past injectors on these because the regulator cannot let off enough fuel pressure. Thanks for the great video, i love everything you and your family upload.
You got more patience than me I would just swap that whole engine off for a big block V8
@2:03:17  omg the look on your face when that drum went a'rolling.
Here we are over 40 years later and GM still can't seem to get the cylinder deactivation thing right, yet they still keep on producing them. Everyone that currently owns an '07 - '14 Chevy/GMC truck or SUV with a 5.3L or 6.2L engine has taken steps to disable cylinder deactivation either electronically or mechanically because the AFM lifters are going to collapse/fail and allowing it to continue going into V4 mode will only make that happen a lot sooner.
I know killing a car is the opposite of what you do on VGG, but doesn't tannerite sound at least, slightly tempting?.. lol   Wishing the Bieri family and VGG a very Merry Christmas and a Happy, Healthy new year. Thank you for all the great content. Kindest regards...  Jay C.
454 time!!!
Derek, When you removed you injectors you backed out a single allen screw from the center of each that sure locked like an adjustment set screw if I'm not mistaken but could be.  The screws are probably factory set for a set certain flow per pulse so dollars to donuts the crews are in two much or not enough.
Maybe an LS swap
Thank you for sharing.👍
You gave it a good ole college try Derek! I’ve heard people either loved the V8/6/4 or hated it. My neighbor had one in his wife’s Seville. He was an experienced mechanic. When he started having problems with the engine he solved it by getting rid of the car.
Id tow it straight to the scrap yard after all that mess.
U screwed up the injectors,   rember the screww u removed to get to the pin to make them click?  Those are the same as air feul mix screws on a carb, the injectors are full open,  need to be put on a computer and reset
all you needed was a good running cadillac engine
Oh no! There’s a big metal thing, WHAT DOES THAT DO!?🤣
Once you have rebuilt one TBI they are easy. fewer moving parts and adjustments than a carburetor.
You must have got a really good one. They were a lot less reliable when they were brand new
My parents had an '81 8-6-4, which would shut off on the parkway. Finally, a friend who worked at Buick took it and set it so it would always run on 8 cylinders. Never had an issue with it after that.
Rip that out of there and put a LS in it
I'm going to get you some, smoke-A-laters..
One of those rigs where you just haft to amputate all kinds of things to make it run
It’s never to late for a LS LSA swap with a 4L80…..
"Whiter than a Céline Dion concert." LOL!
A tough one to watch, Derek, hard seeing a guy battle with THE computer when all it can say is  "I'm sorry Dave, I can't let you do that". Then, "Dave I can tell your angry with me". . . . . . I love my 90's cars and truck, no intention or need for anything newer. Thanks for the video and Merry Christmas to you and yours. Don
This reminded me that Cadillac had a problem (sorry...I don't remember just which one it was) that had a 24 point factory 'diagnostic tree' to diagnose and I had several cars come in that had been to multiple dealers without them finding the problem.   Step 18 was to check a ground for good connection...problem with that was that ground needed the entire dashboard removed to access!   So naturally the dealer mechanics all skipped it and...you guessed it...that was the problem that fixed the cars.   GM cars of that period were hateful things to work on.
Good cigar, some bourbon and VGG = A good evening
Carb swap!!
beyond their time at GM
Where are yer ear plugs and safety glasses?
"Whiter than a Celine Dion concert .  .  ." 😂
Derek rebuilding that TBI is how I live my life.   "Oh no!" 😂
Thats a beautiful car ...to look at!!!
They are kinda impressive and when new they definately are a primo ride, but I just never really saw the point to them, braggin rights is all.  I dont care much for cattle axe.
This is why I don't use efi and I always go back to a carb
sometimes you get the bear and sometimes the bear gets you. nice try all and all. i had a 1969 Cadillac sedan deVille and i loved that car
1:02:51 I guess O'Reilly doesn't care about safety lol where are the safety glasses
My understanding is that the 368 engine ( a derivative of the 472/500/425) is a perfectly solid engine.  The V8-6-4 feature, not so much, however it can simply be disabled, I believe, by disconnecting one wire(?) and it should run fine as a normal v8 engine.  The fuel injection system may be an issue, but if anyone can fix it you can!
OK so the 2nd tank strap made me bust out laughing.  Then the muffler delete had me in tears.   But the cat delete had me wondering how the tweaker can remove them in 34.6 seconds and you...well....lol
You worked hard to getter going however, it’s time to throw a manifold and carb it.
Derek, I guess the old saying's true all artists must suffer for their art. Lol. I Enjoy your videos.
Yess we wanna see you bring that caddy back around derek
Got Oxygen, dude, do not pass out on me.
You are braver than I am. When you get it back to the barn and can get it running right you will have a very nice Caddie.
Nissan 240sx!!! Has the auto seat belts.
Try swapping them out, module and carb
GM keeps dropping the ball. I have a 2000 Tahoe just to change the headlight bulbs you have to remove the whole Grill from the truck that's about as bad as it gets
"There's so much mouse nest in my mouth... I can feel it in my teeth... it seems like the smell got worse" should be on a shirt with a picture of this car. I was dying...
Eveytime a new video comes out from Derek I know it's going to be a good day. Best videos ever 💯🙂 thr dad sneeze was perfect lol just like my dad used to lol
Cadillac released 13 software updates to the computer.
I'd say MAP sensor feller.  If broken it thinks you're at heavy load & sends all the onions
I’d probably see about getting an LS adapter instead of a carb adapter.
GM and their headliners falling out all the fucking time
Worst era ever for Cadillac! Even though the condition of the body is pretty good, and I’m usually one to suggest preservation…. Derby this one. Cadillacs from most of the 80’s shouldn’t be preserved. Or! Build your monster truck finally and get your revenge on this car 😂
It's the distributor. I came across the same stupid shit before. I changed the computer, and it ended up being the distributor. I changed the cap and the rotor first before finally change the distributor.
So here is a realization I came to about an old conspiracy tale. Neighbor was tellin' me the old one about the guy that bought a cadillac in the late 70's. The tale was the car ran great, got great mileage and had an odd looking engine. Well, he talked to the dealer about it and suddenly corporate was trying to buy back the car. The guy refused, cause it ran great. Then one night the car had it's engine stolen. If'n the tail is even remotely true, that engine was probably an 8-6-4 development car. If.
That was the best one ever. I fell out laughing when that brake drum came off and scooted across the floor. I fell out again when you said the brake drum has gone further than the car.  AWESOME!!
It's awesome that you were in my neck of the woods for this one
I was hoping to see you get it fixed because I'm having pretty much the same thing on my 87 squarebody with the terminator broccoli injection. Hope yall have a great Christmas!
All those tools and not a single camera stand, ugh the camera shaking is making me want to throw up.
You know, a feller could take the 2087 miles of gobbly gook hoses and that motor out and drop a four fiddy four in there with real carburrrration and be really happy about it.
They run great carb swapped. Buddy has a 4 door caddi with same motor and a Q jet. Runs great
I don’t think I’ve ever seen Derek struggle for two hours and still not be able to get something going, the guy could probably put a 2GC holley on an Apollo rocket and drive it home in less time than he poured into this attempt at early electronic fuel injection, I see now why they went a different route and OBD-II became the standard.
Oof!! The worst Cadillac engine EVER. The best thing to do with those (outside of replacing the engine) is to go in and disable the cylinder delete function in the ECM. Between temp sensors and manifold air pressure (MAP) sensors, these would keep a guy busy just replacing parts. Add in the flawed engineering that allowed it to keep supplying fuel to the offline cylinders until they went active again, and flooding them with raw gas, and you have a recipe for disaster.💀 The best cure for these is replace the engine with an old reliable 472. They don't get as good of gas mileage, but they're rock stable and basically trouble free.😉
I cried laughing when the drum flew off. I think u should call it demon. Seeing as how it’s possessed. Carburetor it and sell with holy water and rosary beads!!!
I think I would name that one "Christine".  No particular reason.
So bore a 454 to 468 and drop in it! Merry Christmas to you and the family!
I cant think of a single situation that could arise where Bill Nye would ever be needed.
If you can find a  computer for it  I'd do that  but the easiest thing would be to put a  carburetor on it and  pray.
Betty White 2.0?  Also, any plans to write a book like, 'How to talk Vice Grip Garage.' A guy love the dialect!
Nothing ever deserved a bucket of tannerite in the front seat more than this car. That would make an excellent short
Tough, tough job. You are a very patient man. Thanks for the lessons you have taught us. At your expense it has been entertaining, You just can't win them all. I will never but a Cadidelac.
I would junk it
Put an lbz diesel in it.
Man was beefing it with that muffler jeeze 🤣🤣💀💀💀
You sir have the most patience of anyone I have ever seen. I have a ‘93 Silverado with TBI. It has worked flawlessly since new and now has 225K miles. I think you are right that the computer is gone. A carb swap would be interesting and I’d like to see that option in case I have to do it to mine. Merry Christmas to you and your family.
I saw so much regret in his face after pulling off the air cleaner
The TPS is definitely jacked, trucks, can put the truck into a mode to ignore that Input under the dash, jumper first two pins, the engine soon blinks, then can start and will usually diagnose high RPM idle. Been. Down that road on my 91
needs a big block chevy with HEI and a carb. TBI is an OK system when its just the TBI, but throw in that 4/6/8 nonsense and it's probably game over.
I remember riding with my grandparents and they smoked with the windows up and AC on, their Caddy was a late 70's something but my lungs and eyes would burn getting out.  Different time for sure but I still have that etched in the brain.
Almost getting smokey in there !?!?
Merry Christmas Derek Jessica and the boys ,thank you for all your great videos , your very entertaining.
If there was ever a candidate for rage-quitting and heading to a junkyard for a 5.3 LS, this would be it
Wow he actually three up it smelled so bad
That Cadillac came out when I was very young and first getting into automotive experience and every shop was converting them back to a carburetor 😊
Good show as usual, that camera guy however...  few too many wobble pops before filming.    Watching this on 1.5 speed was nauseating.
Stop slip additives drive me nuts lol
Derek I cried laughing watching you take the muffler off!! Something I would fight too instead of crawling around to finish it off with the grinder. Thumbs up from me
At least the brake drum nearly made it out the door ⚙️
I know the feeling with the muffler removal.
Bloop bleap nope ,it's amazing you were able to get this car to idle at the beginning of the TBI,era a very over complicated process, with the electronics and valving.     Had much better luck with the four cylinder Dodge 2.0 TBI . Replaced the fuel pump and the injector,  ran a 60 mi home out of a police auction with the police giving me a ride to the parts store just so they can get rid of me/ close the gate to impound.      Most of the work was down on the side of the road but seeing the sold sticker on the window driver side over the red tag from the PoPo lent them to believe that I was legitimately not trying to steal a 78 Valiant / K car from the police impound in order to commit future crimes and get away from their Dodge Monaco v8440s.      What address can I send those safety glasses too?      2/4/6/8 who do we appreciate? terd a lac!
DEMO DERBY!!!
Santa said the same thing...he'd never shave his beard either.Merry Christmas 🎄
Brake drum thing was Classic, hope Riley’s understands LoL😂
Ps - I’m amazed with your perseverance, I would have given up on that one when the hub cap blew 😂
Keep the car, engine goes to the scrap yard with the cat. Put in something... reliable and fun.
I liked the old fixed camera style of filming :)
Best episode eva
Sell it.
Coolant temp sensor is probably reading-32 degrees. Makes the system go full rich.
I'm pretty sure this video was a record for the number of times I laughed out loud.
I would imagine if a feller was a complete masochist that loved wiring, he could get the old gal to run off an ecu from an 89-94 truck. What I think would be the ultimate though would be to drop in a 6.0/4l80e from an early 2000's truck. Cruising in comfort at 75 mph and 1800 rpm sounds like a great road trip car.
LS Swap, or see if you can get your hands on a late 70's 425cid from a donor sedan or coupe. They were pretty bulletproof. Turn that wagon into the VGG Power Tour limo for the fam and luggage!
So what was the issue you were playing with wires and it all the sudden was running ?
Junkyard LS swap?
but yet hear we are
Wow that car was a pain in the ass
Put a big block in it
Sounds possessed!
Jesus fat boy mix in a battery to move the seat back lol
i haven't finished the episode just yet but I imagine you have a Priest come in and bless the car...The old codger that owned this vehicle before you has left his codge residue behind, but that blessing will make it purr and off you go
That car is going to catch fire before anything works
😂
It needs an LS swap of course.
My dad bought one of those in the late eighties. It was a brown sedan deville and was a very nice low mileage car. The 864 worked the whole time I’ve known the car. There’s tons of electronics on those for that era but they can be hard to get parts for. Check the coolant temp sensor they are known for that and dumping fuel.  My brother got it from my dads estate and was bringing his sons plus another kid home from football practice this September and a Jeep grand Cherokee pulled right in front of them. He hit her doing 50 mph. It bent the frame pretty bad but luckily my dad had a whole dog house and doors for it. It’s getting fixed now.
Whitter then a celine dion concert😅😅😅😅😅😅😂😂😂😂
Betty White was years older, and sat longer, and wanted to live. This car is suicidal.
Probably won't run I haven't watched the video yet.  Those V8-6-4s were junk when they were brand new!
Someone with lots of money
Derek, That's almost exactly how I took off my car mufflers back in the late 60's, except I used a hacksaw blade with electrical tape on 1/3 of the blade as a handle. We didn't have them fancy bat-treeeee grinders back in the day.  Thanks for the trip down memory lane, as I had pretty much forgot the pain and suffering I endured. (Rust in the eyeball ain't fun.) PS: You get to say ..."I WIN!" when the part finally gives up fighting you and falls off. On rare occasions, when you are totally exhausted and strapped for time, you are allowed to drag out the "parts cannon." Especially when you fix one thing only to find out two more things are broken.
It's ok Derek Betty Whites way better.
Get it running when you get it home 🏠
Great video Derek ,just wondering and praying 🙏 you weren't affected by the tornadoes that went through Tennessee this evening Saturday.
1 hours 47 minutes in and I had to switch from cold snacks to high octane beverages. This one hurt to watch, but a guy entertains.
The power seat button is on the door panel next to u
This is awesome
Side post batteries were the worst mistake that any manufacturer ever made.
Hate old computers giving the old P3N15 code, great work mate, you stuck true to trying to get it running, what a horrible idea for an engine
Nobody warned him ? How could he know 😢.😊
Try to make your life easier by putting in the chair back
My wife has Alzheimer's, so life can be pretty stressful. However, just when I'm having a tough day, along comes VGG with a 2:20 long revival video. Thanks for the wonderful mental escape.
TBI is not that annoying on the 87+ obs trucks, but add that terrible MDS system and MOSES SANDALS! A video converting a TBI to carb for say a fellow that had a 87 square body going away from the ECU would be great! Also, many paths to take removing TBI keep Injected pump rig with regulator, or swap in mechanical fuel pump. Can keep stock harness just cap and stow, add HEI, and power for a choke.
A carburetor swap would be cool as well just to see how everything works
Thats why Cadillac pulled the plug, It dont work.  Technological Garbage !!!!
What a struggle man.  Scour the contryside for a computer. Try Silas in Knnsas.
Get it home and put a holley system on it. Or actually ls swap it. It's a clean rig.
Just put a carburetor on it.
Man what a fight that was, respect to you for even trying that much with more and more problems. I could’ve never done it. Had me in tears laughing when the drum came flying off lol hope you and the family have a merry Christmas!
Drop a 454 in it or something maybe a ls or something the body is in good shape.
LS swap, put in AC.  Drag week in style.
That muffler scene might be the funniest thing I’ve seen you do yet, Derek.🤣😂😂
Pretty sure this one is the biggest pain / junk car you have done. Far as i know. If i seen one these 6/8/4. Id run away.not walk.
Big block swap it 😅
Great  needs ecm thats what it is😅
the rear drum comming off literally made me cry laughing good shit Derick
Sad that GM didn’t fully support the setup when its faults were made apparent. That family of engines were a lot better than the 4.1s. My 81 Fleetwood will be getting a 500 I have in storage.
TPS REPORTS 😂😂😂😂😂...... YEAHHHHHH.... I'M GONNA NEED YOU TO RELEASE ANOTHER VIDEO ON SUNDAY TOO... WE SORTA NEED TO PLAY CATCH UP
Bring the thunder!
The ecu has bad capacitors if you take it apart i bet you see electrolyte leaking out of them onto the pcb. The caps regulate the voltage sags and peaks if they no longer work its like trying to run while breathing through a straw just aint enough there to get the job done feller.
I have a 1990 with the tbi system. It dumped fuel and flooded the engine. The coolant temp sensor fails and reads -40f and it works with the air fuel ratio. It probably works the same way
It's trying to run on just 4 cylinders cam sensor and fuel sensors (injectors)
Six letters...LS swap
Noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!
Thought about trading you a '65 Riviera for something, but doubt  you ever want to come around Springfield again. World wide auto parts headquarters and all.     Tannerite , lots of Tannerite.
I saw one in tech school it was fairly new.
Or read codes in computer old Cadillac digital injection hold off and warmer on climate control and read out from hvac display
Send it to the Cadillac Ranch to join its brethren
Reman computers/ecm are less than $90.00 from Rockauto, and will cure the problem. Have replaced two of them this year in my "fleet of turds"... Will make a nice car, but ditch the Olds wheel covers...
Is it possible to bypass the whole TBI system and just run 8 cylinders. I mean gas mileage smash smilage
Get rid of that boost anchor motor... put a CTS-V engine for it... still technically a Caddy motor. 😁
These were great cars as soon as u unplugged the 864. Then they were almost flawless.
My wife and I had one of these many years ago, when it worked it was fine but that cylinders dropping off became an issue, so we traded it.
ls swap it, or yeah, carb swap..  thats insane.. i rebuilt the tbi on my 89 c1500 and it worked great..  that one is just overloaded with junk
Hoo boy, you've bit off a chunk here, Derek.   When I was in grad school in Indiana, my landlady had one of these (In burgundy color) and I had the misfortune of having to drive it to the shop for her.   Yeah, it spent a lot of time the shop.  Couple of months after I drove it to the shop, she sold it without ever bringing it back home.    Good luck with this one........
Sell it  quickly.
Carb swap & run as an 8 cylinder would be good derek 🤙
The brake drum show was pretty net
When an LS swap is the cheapest, easiest fix. 😄
That is what we here in Australia call a "Plumber's nightmare".  I've seen cans of spaghetti that were less densely packed.  But I am sure you will win the battle.  Nope?  Hang in there.  Mike in Oz.
A guy otta wear gloves when spraying off stuff with brake cleaner,etc. Absorbs through your skin. Nervous system/neurological issues can result. Killed my dad after 50 years as a mechanic.
A new sport has been invented….”Brake Drum Bowling 🎳 “….💥😂
What you can do with it is jack up the radiator cap and slide a new car underneath.
The rear brake drum will become a meme or a commercial!😂😂
Carb swap would be good to see since it's a mostly clean intact-ish rig
The frustration is real on this one! Truly a case where engineers do not work on what they design. 🖒😎
Haha, "Send lawyers, guns and money"!
Yep, we had that Prelude......and it would gank around yer head.
Trying to bring an 8-6-4 back to life?  Derek embodies worrying about if he could rather than should.
Remove the computer and just run an efi system so you can use the v8
Wow, you have infinite patience!  Carb swap sounds great.  Good luck.  Thank You.
The1981 Cadillac did wonders for sales of 1982 Mercedes.
This is the absolute best show on the YouTubes.  😊
You looked so terrified to work on that abomination of an engine 😂 all i saw was hoses
Love your stuff. I would suggest at bear minimum that you keep your peepers protected. I saw a spark go right to the eye. I would hate to see something happen brotha. Stay safe keep up the great work in showing us how it's done.
module
Rip that engine out...blown big block chevy...find new bumper filler plastic pieces...luxury tire recycler..
Man, you have the patience of Job! Thanks for teaching a guy not to buy a 1981 Cadillac! Thanks for a great video, as usual! After this one, I hope you took some time off to top off your patience tank and enjoy time with the family!
OK...   Here's My * Bleep Bloop *..   Except for the car being a COMPLETE Fail..  I REALLY like the whole concept idea of doing the repairs @ the Orielly Studio..  Makes a lot of sense..  Buy a Sight Un Seen Car.. Ship it to the Oreilly  Studio.. Fix it there.. Drive It Home.. That way you're Inside.. you'll Have Tools....  BUT.. You still have the Variable of Not Knowing what's wrong with the car... Really seems like a Slam Dunk.. Then you add the fact that what ever car you get.. Has to make it 500 Miles and all the Perils  THAT creates..  ??   Big Challenge..  Hope you continue with this theme..  Good Luck..
You DIDN'T have to dig it out of a tree-line? That thing is too good for you.
More than 2 hours with some new repair adventures - couldn’t be happier to see a VGG video on a Saturday. Talk about a serious fight.
Best episode in a long time. I laughed so hard. I say crush it. 😊
I have a 1988 Dakota with a Holley TBI on it. When it works, it's great, when it doesn't it's a nightmare like this.  Early TBIs like this are super sensitive to vacuum leaks, exhaust issues and bad sensors. I had a problem with mine where it would die if you tried to accelerate, it took a lot of troubleshooting to figure out it had a bad O2 sensor.  My TBI is just as complex as this one with vacuum hoses going all over the place, as well as vacuum actuators on an external block. I had to tear the entire vacuum system out when I got the truck and replace it all, because it was full of all different size hoses from years of bad patch repairs, as well as duct tape to try and cover holes. It hasn't given me much trouble since, and that was over 8 years ago.  There's only really two options to fix this thing. The first is to tear literally every hose and wire out and redo everything from the beginning. That thing has obviously been jacked with considerably. The second would be to tear it all out and put in an aftermarket EFI system or a carburetor. I'd personally go with the aftermarket EFI system because I hate carburetors. I've rebuilt enough of them to not want to touch one again. They just don't work well with modern ethanol based fuels.  As for those fuel injectors, they just need to be replaced. The water likely internally corroded the precision bores and parts, causing them to hang. I had bad injectors in my TBI when I bought the truck and they dumped fuel just like yours did. They are a pig to get seated in correctly, but it saves a ton of headache dealing with bad injectors.
Derek.....Throw a 572 Caddy Engine in it  with a carb and be done with  it. You need Simplicity!
My melon still hurts from dealing with one of these piles some 30 years ago. Eeeek! The flashbacks! The thermostat housing design was just.... i still don't know what to say other than.... why???!!!
There's not enough tall jokes in the world. 😒
We had a silver one. The interior color was called mulberry
LS SWAP IT
Hello Derek Sir.  I sure hope you read this.  I would like to see what it takes to do an 80s delete and install modern basic components.. ecu kit, gauges, std pwr brakes, steering…. Take out everything that’s in the way.  Remove the broken front couches and install buckets. Large wheels and drop it to the ground. Straight pipes
You would make a horrible cat converter thief. LOL
Mercedes had fuel injection in 1967.
I think they had a whopping 140hp. Also PB Blaster is the best stuff. Spray have a coffee take it off.
Big block swap and burnout pimpmobile
As everyone can see Drive your older cars! Sitting around kills them! Hello
Epic battle! Wish I could have bought you a cool pop when you finally turned off the camera
Lmfao I had a 1990 Honda accord with the auto seat belts and man that made me laugh cuz not gonna lie a few times in the 6 years I owned that shit 2 times for me a 1 time for my gf that shit locked up hard and choked us out lmfao, wasn't that bad but enough to be like oh shit wtf, and it was so taut for me I couldn't release the emergency release. Not gonna lie I still want that car with the auto seat belts they're so cool
I laughed out loud several times!  Good one!
Carb swap it make it run right
Guess it's a bad time to ask for help with my 87 TBI K-10!
I used to work at NAPA and a mechanic from a GM dealer said the 4-6-8 was a great engine when it worked. When it didn't work, not so great.
Yes, carb it or LS3 it.
Engine swap it.
I would LS swap it
would still like to know what is actually causing this issue
put a used or rebuilt ecm on it.
Time for an LS swap and be done🤠
Next to the Teflon impregnated Vega engines, comes the 4-6-8 as the biggest blunders by GM.  I wouldn't even bother with that hunk of junk.  Gut everything under the hood and stick a carb'd or EFI 427 or 454 in there.
Derek - As always great video content. I could see you were starting to loose your patience trying to get this car to stay running.   Thanks for sharing this video with us.
Dude was getty a little crazy last 30.  What a challenge.
On TBI injectors, usually the screw on top changes the flow rate, it sets the end stop for the armature and thus the maximum solenoid stroke. There are two adjustments that are usually factory set, between the two they set the injector flow rate and the offset time (opening time - closing time). I’m not sure if you got that top screw in the right place but if the injector is constructed like most TBI units I’ve seen, the fuel flow might be off if it isn’t set right.
Go down to the Walmart, get a $2.75 bottle of white shoe polish, write "FREE" across the windshield, sign the title, put the key in the ignition, close the door and walk away.
Map sensor
It was good to see Derek getting in a "workout" as he has a tendency to be a bit sedentary.  Although that particular vehicle seems like $1800 worth of pure heartache.
The 80s was a bad time for vehicles. As a rule I stay away from them. The interior was nice on that Caddy but everything else seems like junk.
Muffler press made my day thanks
Hantavirus holidays!
Do a diesel engine swap.!
Stellar attempt, you lasted longer than i would, 🤘
Sale that crap…
Not sure I like the slightly shaky camera work..... Nope, I'm sure I don't like it.    It's different.. but not better.
Very Hard fought issues there. you definitely kept your frustration in check.... I was cussin and throwing stuff about 45 minutes in for you... My Aunt had a Cadillac early 80's model , always had computer issues with it, they were notorious for that kind of thing back then.  Ya can't win them all. Much respect for keeping your cool.
That intro clip of you slamming into the sxs blog crew 👌🏻👌🏻
The man tries everything and some cars are just not ready to run again.  Good one tho Derek.  Great episode.  Loved it even tho it didnt drive.   Thanks for a sat vid.
Pull that engine and replace it with a ls
Top of the line American car..   what an embarrassment..   I started buying Toyotas in 1975.
As I was often told, "Don't force it. Just use a bigger hammer"
so you where in town at the warehouse i would guess hope you got to go tp bass pro
you got camera man this time sweet
Pretty sweet rig. I was just thinking a big block. A pair of turbos and zoomies would be really sweet on that thing
That car needs a new car.
Drag that puppy back home, and drop a 472,500, or 425 in it and enjoy the car. I have a '78 Sedan Deville with 66K miles that is my daily now. I tried to offer it to you when you were in Columbia SC, without a ride for Power Tour. I'm glad I didn't hear back from you on that one. I love that Caddy now.
I'd buy her in a second......new drag and drive car
shame it really was looking like a go-to-town rig
Ls swap
Fuel injectors are crap, replace 👍
you are amazing Derek to hang in there so long, thank you for the video. Sorry you couldn't drive it home. God bless you
Derek... dude, did you really vomit at 10:05 ? (Sounds severe through headphones). If so, that was quite the accomplished recovery 👏
2hr 20min infomercial for Toyota and Honda.
I'd do with that like I did with my '81 Toyota pickup (I know - Apples & Oranges): remove the computer altogether. Carb it up (why was mechanical fuel injection never a thing on cars?) then, connect just enough electrical items to make it run reliably. It'll take awhile and be a royal PITA. Maybe another engine is the answer (427?). I dunno, other than some technological ideas were never thought out thoroughly and that 4-6-8 cylinder thing just might be one of them. I'd fiddle with it, for sure, but then, I'm a glutton for punishment.
Wow! You kept going WAY longer than I would. I have wondered if there was anything that would tick you off and after all that nothing, I believe I have my answer.
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂... The muffler...LMAO.... 😂😂😂😂... ... AAAHHH ...... Let me catch my breath.... .. that was terrible...
Is this what doing revivals in 2065 will look like?
I’ve been watching for years. Just a bit of feedback, I really don’t like the style of video with a cameraman, feels impersonal and we miss your POV of what’s going on.
Carb replacement and make it one of your give away cars. Tbi on that dude is a nightmare.
LS swap
Your pain looks like myself for the past 8 years😂. I have gave up on ALL newish cars and trucks. I'm looking for a truck now that i can convert back to a old school engine and transmission. 😂 Sure i will have a lot of rework of the dash, so all my gauges work but it will be well worth it in the long run. NO more computers or sensors for me. 😂
Lol he always makes it look so easy finally he worked on something with a brain and did not outsmart it . He could have at least pulled the ecu out cleaned up connections seen if any wires looked damwged or if the brain got hit by that water thwt came out of his heater core
At 1:34:36I I 'd be sneaking outta there and hoping no one remembers I was there.  Oh yeah, it needed the hubcaps. ....... Amazing you didn't  employ profanity. The "drum roll" was GREAT!
The original fuel tank removal work was understandable after watching how the exhaust removal went. Entertaining as usual, thanks for your efforts.
My Ex brother n law (sister’s hubby) was VP of parts in Springfield. Not sure if he’s still there
Endeavor to persevere!  When you whip this thing, not only will you have a lovely, if odiferous, land yacht, but folks from all across the land will bring you theirs to work on!  Joy! What do you mean I'm unsubscibed!?!?  Can you do that? Merry Christmas to you and yours.😉
@1:04:28 like the most work i've ever seen Vice do lol
How did Derek not rip that engine out and install a carburetor 350, just saying.
To fix a tbi issue, it takes patience. It cant be forced. Start with the easy fixes first; check for codes from the bcm, then get a dvom and check each sensor, replace the bad ones, check all the connections from the bcm, they can get oxidized and crusty over time. The car will run with failed O2 sensors and rarely will the bcm fail. Check the bcm for water damage and you can use a lcr meter to check the capicitors. Thats where I would start.
Them 5 mph bumpers. Great in theory but naw, lol.
I understand your frustration. What a hassle that Caddie was.  Thanks for the laughs, and great entertainment! Put a carb on it.
Carb swap or complete engine swap ,the rest of it's too good to waste.
BBC swap it will make a nice going to town rig
Just looking at that pile of ish stressed me out!! It hits way different when you do this for a living.. god bless that mess
After a few tries with the computer doing weird things I figured it was the issue. I personally would sell it and pick something else up. Merry Christmas to you and the family
350 cid carb engine. gut wiring . do a simple rewire  . problem solved.
Start a car launch like the Alaskan 4th of July Car Launch
I would do a intake swap on the Catalack and a new computer. Those fuelinjected system were garbage from the factory
Carb swap
I drive a 1992 ford Aerostar van with a 4.0 engine that was given to me 7 years ago ..I Guarantee that those are thee original spark plugs and wires .There is no way possible to change those plugs and wires without lifting the body up off the engine .you can't get your arms in there anywhere  .Stupid Design😮
Vacuum leak to, or bad MAP sensor...or bad CTS sensor will cause it to dump excess fuel.
Why don't you have an engine so you can read the codes and find the
Enjoying the improved camera work... Perfect!!
typical old caddy more money fix everything then the tires fall off lmao!
The throttle body looks like 90s Chevrolet TBi    Very reliable
This one reminded me of Chevy Chase in Christmas Vacation right after he got the jelly of the month club gift.
O2 sensor, MAP sensor, IAC, TPS, CTS, Knock sensor.  Every one of those needs checked and/or replaced.  I have learned this the hard way with my daily driven 1994 Chevy with TBI.  I'm assuming that its pretty similar even though it's 13 years older.  The throttle body looks VERY familiar.
Scrap it!
Lmao ok hear me out fellers and felletes the muffler bit has been every single one of us at one point time on some project I guarantee 💯 😂😂😂 mine was a cv shaft experience omfg 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣lmao too funny bro
In '81 or '82 I had just started working for a company with around 40 employees. A week after about 10 people in our warehouse got demotions because of "tough times", The wife of the guy that ran the business got a new one of these Cadillac's. It was not lost on any of us that adding up the pay that was cut from those people added up to what the car payment would have been.
The brake drum ...i cant even explain how much i connected with the expression on derek's face. That was pure emotion of nothing is going right oh great now parts are flying off all i can do at this point is just laugh. And i will say all i did was laugh for almost the rest of the video. I can never get enough of your videos if they go well or dont it is always a thrill to watch you work. Cant tell you how much i appreciate you and your family for all that you do.
I think the hubcaps are bout $1,000 a piece.
LS Swap
Kind of like looks like a good candidate for an LS swap
Carb swap, Bear. 🐻
Nice big boat,but junk gm motor that year. I really like your tannerite idea,after all if you're going to blow something up,it might as well be a caddie,go big or go home right? Can't win em all Derrick, you threw everything but the sink at it,thanks for the vids and great content.
Omg you got to be a little frustrated Derek. Wish I had the answers my friend. Love your channel.
Well... I guess all thoose mambo jambo string under the hood aint doing the thing so just get it out and make a nice going in to town unit of it with a carb
replace injectors screw driver busted internals stuck open or earlier said wasn't charging most computers won't keep engine running if not charging.
With the amount of Ads that you can’t skip, YouTube is just cable TV at this point.
LS swap it when you get it home
Better save that converter
To much ..i guess ;)
Say it loud "Help me understand!!"
My favorite car in the world ❤❤❤
My brother was having the same type of issue in his 1990 D-250. He ended up selling it for dirt cheap. He replaced almost every sensor under that hood, injectors, he bought an ecm but it wasn’t programmed so it did nothing. It was a cool rig, sad he had lost motivation for it instead of fixing it. As much as it sucked watching you go through it I’m glad it wasn’t just us 😂
Well Golly Gee Miss Molly… I should have taken my camera and went downtown to get a shot of your pickup while it was parked… Hope Springfield treated you well… Some observers did post your parked truck ! MERRY CHRISTMAS!
Great try ...dump it or ... 400 miles electrics ... Upgrade that backseat  ...   What would it cost to make it a useable electric car  ????
I used to have an 86 Chevy Cavalier with the TBI. It was surprisingly reliable. The ignition module however was not.
Thank you for buying this Caddy,  I'm a Caddy lover, but  now I know Never to by one of these. Yes, I would like to see if you changed it to a real carb. if it would work. When your head stops hurting!!
I can't wait for this thing to get a blown big block.
Wow, Derek this has was so fun to watch. I’ve been laughing so much. Thanks for the entertainment!!  Especially watching you sit behind the steering wheel!
Sorry Derek. Cadillac made a few beautiful cars, inside and out. This ain’t one of them. That one needs to go to the crusher.
You test them the same way as ya did on the red dually low rider ya built on RWR right? Yup that’s the way a feller does it
The whole muffler battle killed me lol.  Derek, you truly are every good old boy and I'm sure I speak for most of us when I say we appreciate the honest representation in media 😂
I see you don't wear safety glasses while spraying cans of chemicals on Bolts to loosen them. I also like to live dangerously...
I had an 81, its was the absolute most reliable car I've ever owned, I put 200k on it with only doing oil changes every 5k, and swapped a bunch of alternators from a loud stereo. I miss that car everyday, 1800 is a hell of a deal on this unit.
Carburetor, then redemption roadtrip
This video don’t have the regular Derek vibe, you can tell it’s a production crew vibe. 2 thumbs down !!!
572! nope. too much, even for a caddy and would require a 4x4 chassis make interweb stuff do thing. Yardart! nope too nice. I wonder how many hollywood has used for stunts/effects?
Carb swap for sure.
Fantastic episode Derek!  Win some, ya lose some-but you definitely gave her the onions!  That car is wayyy to straight not to quadrajunk swap.  Slam her, steelies with beauty rings and limo tent the windows?  Baby’s ready to start making made men swim with the fishes.
Like looking under the hood of a 87 Buick Grand National  huh Derek  ?😏
Crush it!  Don't know why you even wasted your time with it. This is the first time I've skipped ahead in one of your videos
The time I worked on a buddy’s truck with TBI that was overfueling it was a map sensor.
Sell it
Derek is clearly a man on a mission. You go at it longer than most of us would, ive learend a thing or two from you..... i persisted last year with a Range Rover Classic EFI, i was methodical and kept going, it eventually fired, was lumpy but kept going, each time i used it over a few months it gradually got better like all the old sensors were getting a work out.   You are amazing buddy. From all of us here over the pond in the UK. Wayne.
Man, I feel bad for you about this one. I bet you can now guess why this car has low miles.
That cars is basically the same as a Camry. No difference at all.
That is the perfect candidate for an LS swap.
The camera work feels like I'm watching The Trailer Park Boys 😂
Na it's possessed!
sell it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
You gave it hell...the digical demons are real. As someone who's currently wrestling a vw gti to life...I can honestly say I wish we could go back to the simpler times.
see if you can drag it home and carb swap it.
Seeing that brake drum run across the shop may be one of the funniest things I’ve ever seen. Hope to see this thing back on the channel. That ole girl is in too good of shape to not be goin down the road
Demolition derby!
They forgot the "cover sheet for the TPS reports." Well played Derek, well played. Merry Christmas to you and Mrs. Derek ( I know, Jolene) and the Family.  Thank you for the YEARS of FUN Good Sir !
Still 24 fps?  WTF! Nope! Welcomme back in 1995!!!
LS swap it Derek and it'll be perfect
Cadillac Comedy Theater Lol Definitely  Definitely  Definitely  Keep this Tramp Away from Betty White !!!
Holley EFI
It was parked for a reason and you got the problem with why it was!! Put a Edelbrock on it!!
Operation.... It takes a very steady hand... BZZZZZZZZZTTT
Yup definitely haunted
Put a carburetor on it. 😂
Your patience on this car is incredible.
Great job trying to revive the old battlewagon, but alas I believe the best thing for her is to rebuild that mill with a carb or modern injection minus the funky valve train junk.
Parents bought a blue Cadillac like this used when I was a kiddo. I remember being mesmerized by all the electronic doodads (most of which already didn't work) and how it rode so softly. Unfortunately it had a lot of issues so my Dad didn't keep it long.
Nice rig, do a complete engine swap with all the bleep bloops deleted. You'll have the best going to town rig you ever had..
Ok did you try unplugging the 02 sensor.....sometimes that helps......
take it home and do an LS swap on it...that body is worth saving...besides, it's already half way there...lol
You are a man of infinite patience.I would have sent that car across the scales long ago.
Might be your funniest video ever!
First off i hope the tornaders missed yall. Second my grandfather was a GM service guy for 30+ years and all I've heard is nope whenever this engine is brought up
I would adapt that thing over to a carb,  while showing us how you can make the adaptor on your water metal cutty table thing......
Man that sumbitch fought ya Derek
Yank that 4/6/8 motor and drop in a supercharged LSA engine out of a 2008/2013 cts-V…….or any other LS platform for that matter, hell even a 4.8 with a nice lil cam and decent convertor would work if you wanted to do it for the super low budget!!! Either way caddies from that generation were like driving your la-z-boy down the road and when i was younger i have very fond memories of these cars given that my mom, dad, grandma, grandpa, aunt, uncle, EVERYONE in my family had a caddilac in one forn or another…..that explains why today as a grown man at damn near 45 i also own an drive a caddilac myself….mine is a bit smaller and alot more powerful ….its a 2013 cts-v and it is a blast to drive, so much fun that i had to build a LSA supercharged 370” LQ9 to put in my nova which im gonna replace with a 408 stroker as soon as i finish up the new shortblock…and then i will put the 370” into my ‘73 c/10 swb fleet to replace the peppy lil supercharged built 4.8 i have in there……i will take the spare 6.0 crank i have and put it in the 4.8 when its all said and done and turn the lil 4.8 into a high compression IRON LS1…..all in all that is a very clean ‘81 and definitely needs a heart transplant…..i especailly loved the thermometers they built into the driverside rearview mirror!! Or the fuel economy digital gauge that shows what your MPG’s were as you were cruisin down the interstate!!    Very very classy cars!!……WAY better than a lincoln
I think you gave that old thing the best shot it deserved. I think its a nice looking rig... if only it had an engine that wasn't so frustrating...  Engine swap time?
To get the back 2 spark plugs out, get a flex head ratchet , swivel, few extensions.  FUN FUN
This thing needs a twin turbocharged 500ci caddy motor.
Derek, I feel for ya, Bud. I understand the feeling of doing the same thing over and over, hoping for a different outcome. Sell that car and go find a Chevy Monza or Ford Maverick. In the meantime, I hope you and the family have a great Christmas.
Will she do a burn-out? Independence Cadillac.
Right blinker is in a wheelchair, left one is paralyzed😂 I laughed so hard I nearly soiled myself
I would like to see you delete everything, and bring it back to old school engine and carb.  Body and interior too nice to just dump it.
Big Block
What a Herculean effort! First , just wanna wish you and your awesome family a very blessed Christmas!! Thanks for a season of great Vlogs and a thanks for everyone involved, they are Top shelf ( the videos)  even when they don’t pan out . Why not tear all that plumbing out, better yet, tear out that boat anchor and do an LS swap , the car itself seems to be in great shape and would make a great goin to town car ! That’s gotta be top of the list of worst GM engineering of all time !
Target practice
The 4-6-8 Engine was a Nightmare 😁
Little different... Stand Tall.
Come on dude you can't give up on her, put a carb on it and get her back on the road
That thing is begging for an LS swap…..
RIP headphone users around 34 min mark
Way did you put the fire out... That would have made a great ending  to the video.... and that POS
WoW, that was a tough-one.  Maybe stick to 1970-ish-iz or older, 'safer' or just drop a big block in;  BINGO ! ! !  In any case keep-plugging.  Cheers, Mark
Carb swap it
The body and interior on it are so nice it warrants a full carburetor swap. Skip out on all the digicals.
I had a bbc with the same problem.  Both exhaust manifolds were cranked. It turned out to be the temp sensor. Lost an eyebrow before I figured out, though.
Coupe de Eville
You want to know how to fix that 864 engine? You rip it out and you put an LS in it
You really worked hard on this one, thank you so much for the entertainment.  It's the effort that counts.  I'm glad to see your YouTube channel headed to 2M subs.
*I say engine swap.* The car's in great shape so it should be on the road some how. It's curious how all these vehicles that were said to have been in "excellent" running condition before being parked, actually weren't. It's like people either didn't know or they were lying to get top dollar for their hunk. I'd like to give people the benefit of the doubt but that's getting more and more difficult to do these days.  *Buyers be extra aware.* When the fires on the outside of the engine and not on the inside it's time to call it.
Replace engine all together. Or carb swop it. Because the car in general is really nice. You got more patient than me. Good luck with that one.
Wow, I really respect the patience you have. I would have given up on it. I think I would accept my loss and get rid of the headache, it's not one of the best looking caddys anyway.
Can we say safety glasses or better yet a full face mask.  Cheap insurance.
I got tired just watching you snippin the muffler off. A guy don't need any stinking eye protection !👽👽👽
Sad we didn’t get our Friday night video. I thought it was due to the Wednesday build.  Imagine my surprise when I get over two hours on a Saturday. I’m happier than a mechanic with a pocket full of 10mm sockets!
"When in doubt reset it out"
Man I laughed when the drum came off.. such a good episode.
It looks good
102 reasons why I'll never own a GM product past 1978. I actually had a 1975 Cadillac, it ran OK but the electronics were junk! SO was the rag top.... I was batting for ya on this one but I knew it wasn't gonna leave on it's own power. Go trade it for a good looking old Ford or let Cleetus drive over it with them monster trucks! Maybe donate it to Demo ranch as a target.... It needs a fun ending!
Nice body needs one of your bad ass motors for your reliablity
This brings back some great memories my father had a 1988 Fleetwood  Broughm same white same interiorit was a beautiful car and had the olds 307 in it and was severely underpowered yet it was a beautiful car. My family still has it I gave it to my sister after my father died in 2013.great Cadillac
Man I laughed when the drum came off.. such a good episode.
We just witnessed a full flegged war. A couple times I was listening for some deeply born cuss words.. But no... You keep it Professional all the way...lol I think a Carb swap to update the old girl would be fun to see.. I've always thought these big malign cars with big smothered engines would be amazing runners if that CI could be let to breath.. Great show Derek. Always entertaining and informative too. By the way... I'm waiting on that phone call for where I can pick up my Duster.. lol
its all fun and games until you lose an eye.
Props to the camera man!
Suggest you unplug the computer and clean the contacts.  Maybe open the unit and check for corrosion, take a pencil eraser to it.  I've seen such issues in a BMW and an old Ford.
Make it run like new. Figure it out and struggle to make it run right. We know you can do a carb. Figure out this weird efi and make it work or make it better. It is a challenge.
If you hold the OFF & WARMER button at the same time for a few seconds with the ignition on, it will act like an OBD II and tell you what codes are present. Also, Cadillac said that the rear window angle prevented the glass from needing a rear defrost.
I want to buy it
Dang man top effort looking at it from here. As you said, can't win em all!
The best way to run one of these is to disconnect the 4 6 8 feature
This particular engine was the worst piece of junk that Caddy made. It was such a piece of junk that the cars were constantly in the dealership getting repaired. This Caddy was like the junk Jaguar, on the road one week, in the shop for two.
I love those old late 70s-early 80s Coupe DeVilles. A friend's mother had a 78, red. I think it was a 425ci V8, torque for days it seemed and it felt like you could drive over a curb and not feel it.
Do a megasquirt ecu conversion!
i thought he was going to start speaking mexican with hammer and crowbar mechanic work
Maybe,,,,the battery in the brain can’t hold a spark..cut the power it resets,,keep the power it fizzles. Radio shack ?😮😢😂 quality yoga on the aft section,,,
Never in my life have I seen a brake drum fly off a car like that.
I had a 1982 Coupe DeVille with the HT4100. That and the 368ci V8/6/4 almost put them out of business. I also had a 1980 Coupe DeVille with this same 368ci motor, except 80 was the only year you could get this motor with a 4bbl carb and without the displacement on demand system, unless you ordered a commercial chassis (limo/hearse). They also received the 368 with a 4 bbl and no cylinder deactivation. They sold the 368 from 80-84. These were actually awesome motors if you can find them with the 80/ commercial carb engine, or remove the DOD. They're actually a de-bored and de-stroked big block. Same block as the 425/472/500 engine. I've seen them with 350,000-480,000 for sale, never rebuilt! The longest trip i took mine on was about 325 miles, it surprisingly returned 18.5 mpg with a 4bbl 368 and TH400 3 speed! Anther useful tidbit is, the Cadillacs with the 368 were the very last passenger vehicles to leave the factory with a turbo 400 transmission! After this, they were only produced in the pickups. Every 368 has a TH400 trans. I would take this engine over the junk 4.1 any day. The HT4100 was an aluminum block with cast iron heads, they loved to eat head gaskets. The 82 I had with the 4.1 was the most gutless car I've owned in my life! I've had 4 cylinders that would walk all over it. I used to travel from home to college on I90, and there was a huge valley near Lewiston, MN. This valley is about a mile down and back up, and has a 3rd truck lane. I used to hit the bottom of that valley going 75-80 and floored the old caddy. I would be lucky to be doing 65-70 at the top of the hill with it still hard on the floor. I would also fill the radiator on a hot day, and drive that 80 mile drive to find the water level had dropped in the radiator about a foot lower. It never leaked anything either, it was sucking it all through the cylinders. It somehow never overheated though, so I just kept filling it and driving! The exhaust would actually gurgle at times it sucked up so much antifreeze!
Hubcaps look like Oldsmobile hubcaps for the Royale
That was a 2 hour and 20 min ass kicking you took! Can only imagine how many hours it was real time! I applaud you for your effort sir!
OMG talk about having patients - the issue with computers and electrical connections over the years is corrosion and resistance and these systems stop working properly.  Early TBI systems were not good  I speak from experience as a Automotive teacher for a decade between 1981 and 1991... when these new systems were just coming out.  And as a Heavy duty  (Diesel Mechanic) since 1977 before teaching I understand  fuel injection both mechanical and electrical and they are not easy systems to diagnose ,or cheap to repair add to that electrical connections that are suspect and you have real fun.
Good try Derek 😅
LS Swap it. Or Hemi swap it. Or Coyote swap it.
Time for a modern efi......
Vanna White
OMG-this was THE FUNNIEST video I have ever watched you create.  Watching that rear right brake drum take off across the garage...almost taking out your Go-Pro camera and tripod, had me rolling on the floor.  I almost vapor locked from not being able to breathe...laughing so hard. Derek-you are not only a great mechanic, but an amazing clown!  THANK YOU! I will offer to put the car out of your misery.  It looks like one used in Casino with Joe Pesci.  Ask him to come over and kill it for you.
Come on  derick,  get out yourv 5 lb Tanya 5000
Your camera is moving as if someone is attached to it. Weird 🤔
Seeing the rear drum come off and roll across the floor was so funny
Carb swap
I love this body style
I loved these caddys.  My Dad had one 78? 79?  It was gold and wonderful.  He hated it.  The seats were not as plush and he liked the old ones better.  He sold it and bought a Ford LTD which was much less of a vehicle in my opinion, but had the plush seats.  Hard to get parts and SO complicated. Go Back to working on old cars with Paul Shin!!!  BTW, old cars are 1940 and older.... just sayin...
Derek, you have infinitely more patience than I have!  Another great video!  Throw a carb on that thing.
I think the allen plugs you removed to get the injector pins to shuttle are  travel limiters like max jetting sorta thing. maybe...
shove a wild intake on it and a carb
I want the b roll with all of the cursing
Camera guy made a guy check his blood sugar bc I thought I had the shakes from it being low. Please go back to the one man band episodes
Ha!  I’m from where you were at!  And the caddy is an awesome car! absolutely love them!  Great show as always!
LS swap and I’m probably the 100th person to suggest it
Old tbi setup
I give you ur money back on it
Christine was haunted, too, but she was able to repair herself.
Here Derek let me try to help you fix it...BEETLEGUISE BEETLEGUISE BEETLEGUISE!!!!! Did that help it???
That’s a 9-13 psi fuel system
Afro man said it best " if my tapes and CDs just won't sell . I bet my caddy will. "
I don’t know how your camera person doesn’t crack up laughing
It appears that the sasquatch is losing weight! Looking good Derek.
HOLY Mother Theresa! I ain’t ever seen such a fighter. Move this possessed soul down the line to an EFI pastor.
I LOVE her! Had a 1980 Sedan Deville. Colonial yellow. Looked like a stick of margarine cruising down the road. Got rid of it in 2013 and wish I still had it.
I had a 91 RV that had a Chevy 454.  No idea what the specifics were for the carb stuff, but it was doing nearly the same thing, and my coolant temp sensor was bad.  It would flood like crazy trying to start, and if I could get it to run it was really rough and kept dying.  CTS swap and it ran perfectly.
Nice video!!!
Well thought out... a one year, EFI POS. Hope you learned something? Nope!  Pow pow bang the block on Demolition Ranch, Then blow it up for a new road. Next give it to Jarid Pink, he likes a junker challenge for a drift car.
Hats off to the engineer of that design.
Did you get some thermal freckles when you were cutting the muffler off? 😆😂
i hear a vauccum leak.
Never sale him a car in million years they car was built so back yard mechanics couldn't work on them.
Soooo what made it idle ? without stalling ?
I think it would save you a lot of time and money. Just change the intake and put a car on it.🎉
Big block swap it
What a fight! 😂 These injectors seem to have sealing problems, so they end up injecting much more than necessary. A good ultrasonic cleaning can do the trick.
Ive had bad temp sensors and they dumped fuel like that
derek is a classic car OG. Love your work.
You gunna need ole Scanner Danner
A long, long time ago,... I saw one of them. Thank God.....
have a heckuva range day with that thing just like a 80s mob boss would😅
I just think computers have no business in cars
Can you do the paper clip trick and get a code from the check engine light
Id buy that cady only because I really enjoy Large cars and a good challenge... Have to say really curious what you'd ask for the old girl as is . Any way, stay blessed feller
With the exception of the over-engineered garbage engine, the rest of the car looks to be in pretty good shape.  Love how the brake drum was like "deuces, I'm outa here!"
I know it’s the lame thing to say, but I think an LS swap 5.3, and put an exhaust back in it to quiet it down, make her a real goin to town rig. Something you can just jump in and go, no battles, just always able to run to town to get groceries, or swing into the tavern. Its way to clean of a car to just let it sit.  Thanks for all the hard work on this one Derek! Always enjoy the videos, and hope you and the family have a Merry Christmas!
Carb / Blower LS swap, make it a burnout rig?
I had an identical car, and it ran great. I changed the o2 sensor and remember getting great fuel mileage.
I'm wondering if the injectors got stuck open with a screwdriver massage.. I wonder if you could just throw a new set of injectors in it. And see if that would make a difference.. I know at this point I would be ready to jerk the engine out and drop something else in, Literally anything else. I would like to see an update video tho
The lowrider guys would love it being a 2door
In spite of the V8-6-4, she’s still a beaut! And a Caddy! Very White is mo’ better, tho….
Fun video. I’d bet on a Coolant temp sensor. ECU is probably seeing -40.
Your overheater meter isn't working, the computerlator thinks that you are in North Dakota and it's -113 and is pumping enough gas to try to warm it's gonads .
She's a parts car at best.❤
TPS are common on those as well
What was that song by  Nickelback????……..oh yeah “Burn it to the ground” ……..thats what you do with that thing!!!!!!! Take it to Matts new range and let some frustrations go!!!!!!
Well since you changed the alternator then that tells me the computer is probably corroded up from sitting so long. Smack the computer a few times lightly, it should be on the passenger side up towards the upper firewall.
Hope you didn't give very much for it.  Like maybe 20 bucks
Love your work Derek, it's a beautiful car but holy crap what a pain in the ass.  I think it'll be a while before you buy another one of those!  In any case, keep making videos and I'll keep watching them.
Got the best backseat ever .. :)  Terrible engine setup ....awesome car .. Such a shame ..
Disablsd veteran CADDY..OK..? Cut...cut..cut...  Hmmm
My 305 had that Tbi and I had issues with the injectors replaced it all ran great before it barely ran could be the same issue
Man that car is clean..Hope you get those issues worked out.. Any possible way someone could 3 D print you some new plastic bumperettes?  Keep up the awesome work there brother..👍👍
Engine swap-o to a 572 gut out the 1981 tech. Or drop in a ECU from a TBI system from 90's truck.
One thing that makes no sense to me, is that you pour some oil or tranny fluid into the vehicle first, then pour the honey into the jugs so it "pours quicker".  It takes the same amount of time to pour the honey into the jugs as it does into the vehicle anyway, so where do you save the time?  Either way you have to wait for the honey to pour out of the jug into SOMETHING, either the vehicle or the other jug.  I even said that in one of my vids where I watch all y'all do that and I told my viewers it makes no sense.  You STILL gotta wait for the honey jug to empty either way.
There is U-Haul
Give that car to demolition ranch!
5.3 swap
I guess I would say that you were lucky that the mice confined their activity to the insulation under the hood, and the exhaust system.
Engine swap burnout car😂
Why is there a space between the tail light and the body?
It could be worse,you could be up here in Minnesota snowing and wind blowing 40 mph and don’t dare to open the door to let the brake drums out!!
I had 1, 25+ years ago. I put a 1970 - 472 in it and ran it in the Erie County Fair demolition derby. Made it into the Top four, blasted somebody and my rear tires didn’t touch the ground anymore, still ran. It probably still does, the engine sitting in my barn.
Pull the hood front clip and that post engine and swap in the cheapest ls you can find . The end result you deserve like thrashing it then sell it . Nobody wants what it is
temp sensor bad very common on any tbi make them run like chocks on i not that to mush psi from pump
I think you might have a leak in one of the injector seals. The fuel fills in around the outside of them, so if the o rings leak at all it will leak out pretty bad when the fuel pump is running.
OMG, what a turd that thing is. Derek, I could tell the difference in your attitude toward the end as the turd was getting to you. Can't blame one bit. You tried your best, but your channel is still the best of all the challengers on YT.
Clean car….super cool!
Swap a Holy EFI in and be done! It already has the o2 ect.
Cadillac, for the most part, has been General Motors test subjects for new automotive tech.  They're still trying to force D.O.D. (displacement on demand) on us poor consumers. The only Caddy i would recommend buying  is A really old, pre 74, or A brand new one as long as it is still under warranty. They are problematic.
LS swap
LS it and make it the new VGG burnout car
The camera work on this one actually made me feel kinda sick
Carb Swap
The 1980 368 engines ran sweet,no electronics, had a q jet carb
So glad you covered the V8-6-4 monstrosity. Great episode!
I wouldn't have put the fire out, just closed hood and walked away
Now you know exactly why nobody saved 80s Cadillacs. Not only were they the size of boats, they drove like boats, and would financially destroy you like boats.
Too bad it wasn’t as good as it could be. I say supercharged LS swap and make it a luxury pro-touring car. Why not? Maybe a Hellcat swap? Idk I’m just sayin’.
U taking off that muffler was quite possibly the funniest thing I’ve ever seen.
I kinda liked the Tannerite idea.....
The brake drum !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
That car is an electrical nightmare.  Bet there’s a short or three going on that makes the DME go crazy
i didn't take muffler job because it was winter, and every car was iced and dripping.
“We have no more break shoes left….boop we will ignore that!!” 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
"The brake disc has travelled further than the  car.." LOL your best line yet!  Still laughing here:)
l would love to have your patients😂
Sell it!
I owned an 89 Reatta and man I feel the pain of 80s GM electronics.
That is a one year only vehicle. I have an 81 Fleetwood, it now has a 425 from a 77. You're going to love this car. Big 12 bolt differential, and a th400. It's indestructible. A 500 bolts right in, in case a Cadillac out back In your stash needs to hand over a heart. Enjoy it.
These 'variable displacement' cylinder deactivation engines are a waste of time. It's the engine's internal friction that determines how much fuel it uses doing down the road. This is why a truck with a turbo V6 uses as much fuel towing a trailer as does a truck with a regular V8. Deactivating cylinders only makes the remaining cylinders burn more fuel to counter the friction of the whole engine - including the inactivated cylinders.
Strip all the crap off the engine and add a carburetor.
Removed the injector pin screw. He pushed the injector pin with the screwdriver. To free it. Put the screw pack in. Wrong adjustment. The pin cannot close completely and uses too much fuel. Just a wild quess.
Great show as always! I'm sorry you had such a pain with it. I'd find a 472 or a 500 inch caddy motor to put in it. It's already got a 400 turbo so maybe you can find a motor. They make a lot of performance parts for these motors.
Prolly shouldn't buy a car site unseen any more.  On second thought, that's the idea, ay?
1:43:00 someone put the 460ci TBI injectors on a 289ci TBI?
I had a 1979 Cadillac Eldorado with a 350 Oldsmobile engine and it was a great car. It was a Florida car with low miles and the mechanic that owned it couldn't get it to run right, something with the fuel injection. I got it for $500 rust free , low mileage, clean car. So, I pulled the fuel injection manifold off it and bolted on a two barrel manifold and carb off a 350 Olds with a mechanical fuel pump that I bought from the wreckers for $50.  A day later I drove it by the mechanic I bought it from and he couldn't believe it was running perfect 😂 I drove it for 5 years without a problem. That car could go through 2 feet of snow without a problem 😂 My first front wheel drive vehicle ❤
Contact Aaron tippin and tell him there is something wrong with the radio.
monster truck!
Caddy looks in good shape from what we can see on camera but how much time, effort and money? Do you really like Caddies that much?
carb swap
I gotta say that was an incredible effort with that 81 Caddy El’ Disaster. I’d love to see her run with that adapter a new fuel make it happener. With how well that interior is and the rest of the rig it would be cool to see the old girl glide down the highway and be road worthy once again. Love the videos and big Merry Christmas to Vice Grip Garage and Family!
Great to see Alex watching  !!!  (below)   But, both you guys need to where safety glasses!!!      Otherwise keep up the good work.
Ls swap it
A 2 hr video with ads every 5 minutes... that's fine... nope
Computers and electronics. Two worst things they ever built into cars.
I watched the video. The next 81 Cadillac you do,although also problematic. The diesel powered.
Love the videos. Happy Holidays Derek! 🎄 🎁
If possible, I would take off all the sensors and computers and run is like a older caddie and put a 4 barrel carb on it. All the fancy stuff on this car is just a problem waiting to happen.
We did not knw what to do with them 42 years ago, should we do now ??*
The fix is easy. Remember the fire you had at the end? Push it outside, then do that again and walk away.
On a lot of cadillacs especially that model if it isnt charging then the computer will not work right as there is a relay in them that the alternator runs a lot of the electrical and not the battery.
Bowling for brake drums! LOLs!!😂
Best bet is on those Tbi injectors replace them there cheap and your already in there
its just a digitized jet ...
and GM never learned a thing with the "multi cylinder" junk. Ask anyone with a 5.3 ls with the afm crap..I just ditched it in my sierra.
Derek, You seem like a good Bloke…… a good family man……. and now a successful business man. If you want this to continue , start wearing safety glasses……. “Safety Squint” sounds cute but it’s pretty naive. Damage your eyes and that’s the end !!! No one wants that…… be smart. Cheers from Oz!
Cameraman busted @28:27
put a holley efi computer in it! lmao
Rip out the junk in the power barn and get it some new horses.
them hubcaps look like the old olds ones not caddy lol
Not your Grandma's Caddy a flipping nightmare to keep running
This Cataract is proof that cars need to have more than just a pretty face.  This video is also proof that Derek is the real deal.  Ya can't win 'em all.
Wow, stepping it up with a camera guy.
Junk it its no good it's junk
This episode seemed different, are you being directed now?
Engine swap that thing, delete all the electronics..... Derek and family, Merry Christmas to you and Happy New Year. I can't wait to see what 2024 brings.
That was a classic statement: "The drum went further than the car......"
Not liking the camera operator in this video
it was running rich before that is why the exhaust was plugged. maybe needs an ecm. or see of it will run without one.
You had me laughing the whole time. 🤣
I also replaced many ecm’s!! 😬🤪
This episode showed the most exciting muffler delete-age I’ve ever seen. Like to see a carb swap - really enjoyed this episode - watched thru the whole thing.
I guy was frustrated on this one but kept his cool. Much respect to you. My last couple projects have been like this caddy and I’m like you, I don’t give up easily and wanna learn from it but financially and mentally I’d prob been better off sending them down the road.
I want to see you win the battle somehow prior to selling the POS...
You removing that muffler HURT THE SOUL!
Cool build.  Clear off all the junk and install a carb. Single spinner burnouts and ignite the blue walls.
You could've just pushed it outside and roasted marshmallows by it. That was a toughy
Tow it home and LS swap it .. pro tour 81 caddy ??? Sounds like a great video to me !!
Find a mechanic from Cadillac that will help you with info or meet you at your garage.
Sell sell sell !! Most frustrating episode I seen!!
No way in he'll could I  figure  that cluster f... out!
LS Swap?
Derek this video is definitely going to win an academy award. When that brake drum came off I couldn’t stop laughing. PERFECT TIMING 😊 thanks for sharing.   Artie. 😊👍😊😊😊
Carb swap!  Fuel pressure regulator at 6 or 8 psi and a carb, she'll run sweet
I've never seen you whipped like this lol 🤣
LS swap it if you can't find a good 425 out of a late 70s Caddy.  Most auto salvage yards probably have one.  Dump the ECU, put in the 425,  with HEI, and a Q-Jet, and you've got something that'll run well.   Won't cost much, either.
Aww man, I was hoping you would have found something.   Thanks for the really good laugh when that drum came off.  Take care Derek.
The gas tank in the trunk has me rolling 😂💀
That's entirely too much fun. 🤔
This was a VERY comical episode with the muffler "wrestling" and the Mouse bones in your teeth and eyes 😂😂 AND the brake drum basically saying NOPE I am outta here 😂😂 you gave this car every chance but it also said NOPE. Great video 👍.
Fix it and give it away
Yep. I always preach against TBI. anyone who ever argued with me on those I know never owned or worked on one with TBI. CARB swap is the way to go 1000%.
I bet it would have rode nice.  You tried computers, they dont fit.  If that was a carb you would have started and driven home with no entertainment, no drama. 🤣
New intake and Holley EFI would be nice
Derek, Love the show and  really enjoy all of your videos. Just an FYI. The "map pocket" in the passenger footwell is actually a "waste receptable". Yep, she's a trash can.  Empty cold snacks and burrito wrappers go there. Apparently Cadillac thought a feller needed a place to put trash so they put it about as far away from the drivers seat as possible and still be inside the cabin.
Thanks for another great viewing feast , fortunately being an aussie we never had this crap to put up with as a young fella only played with holdens and fords. Wishing you and your family a Merry Christmas and a happy and Safe New Year. Cheers
The injectors are bad my truck has a tbi system and it done the same thing. And Derek who ever is your camera person they can't film at all
Guess you should dig up an old Cadillac engineer.
Earnest had a hotrod Lincoln so why not a hotrod Caddy
You should have just gone ahead and dropped in a 700 cid LS.  But i can see you are a glutton for punishment.
Your level of patience is amazing  I would of scraped that thing
Can we get a shout out for that starter...only thing as persistent as Derek lmao.
2 hours?! How long was a guy away from home?! Thank you Derek, a few evenings of entertainment for me all packed into one video
I'll say it, what a piece of crap!
Flux capaciters were known to go bad that year.  Try loosening the left rear lug nuts about 10mm off the studs, refill your blinker fluid. No scratch that, loosen the right rear lug nuts😂
I'm sure you heard all of them there's crazy comments... btw, you haven't said Geez Louise yet... go ahead and say it! Lol 👍🤷‍♂️
Derek you have good patience, I would have let the thing burn at that stage 😂
2:03:08 most hilarious thing ever
You might have better luck with that red van in the background. 😅😅
Would love to see you carb swap it!  I'm sure you're fed up with it, but at least you'd have the final say.
I appreciate the video, but once u make it home......sell that POS
Nice car tear out that shit bag motor mess and stuff in a 350 or 400 small block or hell build a stroker motor and b awsome. You wana get real crazy a big block b custom!
Honestly for the first time was going to bail on a VGG video,becoming frustrating just watching this POS car until the drum "roll" did it's thing,had me laughing and recharged me to continue on with the video.
What about an LS swap?
Who is recording?
Support
Find a carb intake or a different engine, that efi set up is garbage, I wonder if you could hook up a sniper efi system
Do a carb switch and a computer!
lS swap
It'd be a good ls swap maybe, my sister and her husband had one, and it was in the shop more than they got to ride it. Always over heating on the interstate.
Just sell the thing and buy something cooler that already has a fuel make it happener on it and drive the ole girl home.
I'd say carb swap the old girl, as solid as she is, and as clean as the interior is, I think it deserves it. You could also see how absolutely dirt cheap you could Ls swap it for 😆 that would actually be pretty interesting to watch.
Looks like you just need a flare light. It boat under the hood and walk away!
And that, boys & girls, is why so many people say that "GM" stands for General Malfunction!!!
Luckily everything was fine on this car.
swap in an LS
About 30 minutes in, I would've thrown a carb on it and ganked off all that emissions and electronic crap.
I'm sorry to say, but the more Derek suffers the better the video is and funny too!!!
Lol dereks O'leperchaun commercials are the only commercial ill voluntarily watch.
I had a 2013 Silverado with the 4/6/8 computerized system and it got 20 mpg in town and 24 highway!
take the negative post off the batter and hook it to the positive and that will reset the PC it will do a hard reset
Derik, good thing that wasn’t the captain’s side, with that drum that fell off? The back of your leg wouldn’t have felt to good?👍
I would like to work on your coupe de ville i live 70 miles from Springfield
If you don’t throw your back out and scare half of the room, did you really sneeze?
I don't know how you do it Derek, I was throwing F bombs and I wasnt even working on it.   How many did you edit out??  LOL   Love watching you dude!!!   Keep'm coming!!
somebody should build some bumper inserts to replace those plastic ones and make em outta mahongany with a sateen finish on it that'd be gosh damn classy...classier than the girls I spend time with in cars but one o yous out there could get away with it for no doubts...do it jimmy, make us proud
Derek, please 🙏, for the love of Shelby, stop it with the "safety squints". It only takes 1 second to put on anything to protect your eyes. Imagine having to imagine all 3 of your sons best moments in life: graduations, marriages, grandchildren.  I've been a subscriber for years and I implore you to take precautions. I know that you have 2 eyes, but you need both of them, and in working condition.   I'm a lifetime musician who watched his band members go deaf while I wore ear plugs and can still hear pitch perfect.  By protecting yourself, you're protecting your family's future.
I hate it for you but you stayed cool and tried everything. Great video
I love how you can hear the camera man snickering throughout different parts of the video
The infamous 4100 engine
Derick..you have the patience of a saint......bravo!
Derek do a carb swap then get rid of it
To pretty of a car not do something with and push aside
Would love to see a carb swap, and see this thing running down the road.
Call out to other O’Reilly team members.
what is your fuel pressure? maybe wrong pump or bad regulator.
engine swap would have been faster my man.
I have fond memories of rebuilding my tbi fuel pressure regulator aka the alien jukebox several times before I got it right. Other than that, the 94 silver rado was easy compared to this caddy. Dig-itals🫣
Dont know what all the drama on the TBI unit was about.That unit looks almost identical to the one thats on my 1991 5L Firebird Convertible.The injectors themselves are pretty cheap and basic.Ive cleaned mine a few times and honestly TBI is more simple than tuned port (which uses more injectors thus more potential problems) . Now, power on TBI vs. tuned port? Well, if kept clean ,my untouched/modified 5.0 will roast the tires in circles which is enough for me.Maybe not quite as good as TPI but far less components to present more problems.And yes, I said 1991 convertible.Truly exists, just low production #'s .Ive owned it for the last 28 years. Only major problems ive ever had were that horrible electric fuel pump replacement (I refuse to cut a hole in my car above the tank therefore you have to drop the exhaust and tank),basic water pump and radiator replacement.Ya gotta be careful on removing the plastic clips that hold the wires on the injectors cause gas over the years can make the plastic clips brittle and break.
Sell this one. Work on Betty White!
The spaghetti bowl of wires and hoses under the hoods of that era vehicle are insane!   I remember as a kid watching people work on them and I thought they had to be scientists to figure it out.  lol   I would never have attempted what you did here.   Big props for that.
Ive located you a man who is the 7th son of a 7th son. Perhaps if he breathed into the intake it would push the demons out of it
LS Swap it!!!
I like the tannerite idea myself!!
Can you retrofit a Holley EFI?
You did better than a lot of guys could have just by getting it to run!
Could do another Holley EFI conversion….the engine itself is OK, but the electronics are malaise-era crap that was spotty at best when new. The displacement-on-demand junk is just that….usual dealer fix was to unplug the solenoids.     Either that, or can the whole driveline and LS-swap the thing….the car itself looks to be in good condition.
The drum brake flying off 🤣😂🤣.  That car is just such a POS.  Oh GM 🤦🏻‍♂️
Do you a carb swap on that thang, she’ll be fine!!😂
Not having on safety glasses is not funny at all would you let your kids do that
Those were the worst caddies ever built. I'm old school and remember the issues. Would it be nice to restore it and have it work properly with the changing the cylinders and all? Yes it would, but it is not practical by any means since they were nothing but trouble to start with. Back in the day there was a way to put one of those computer QJ carbs and regular electronic ignition on them. It was the set up of the year or two after, not sure if you changed the computer or not it has been so long. Derek you mess with so many cars I'm sure you could figure the thing out, even if you had to do an engine swap. That is what is needed to make the thing worth while, body wise and all it is in good shape for it's age.
That brake drum coming off was the HIGHLIGHT of the whole video!!!
Whatan enjoyable episode. Never laughed harder relating to the removal of the muffler technique! Classic!
Derek great video, as a fellow mechanic of anything with wheels and a factory trained marine mechanic while in the USCG I feel your pain and it’s really gonna frustrate you more when you figure it out and you realize it’s a simple item (that’s what typically happens to me 9 times out of 10). I know for a fact you will get it running like a singer though and be driving it soon. Good luck and Merry Christmas and Happy New year to you, Jessica and the boys. Keep the videos coming. You got this!
Its a  Beautiful machine , Bleep Bloop... Computing ...Error 404 Not Found... Put a carburator in it ... Data Sent
I am the start on the video. Saying just put a battery in it and turn the key.. then go from there.. 😊
The V8-6-4 system used a mechanical system of levers to deactivate certain cylinders at the rocker arms. It was controlled by a woefully underpoweredmicropprocessor that left the system hunting for the right setting, much like a transmission hunting for the right gear. My grandfather had one and returned it after a few months. He bought a Lincoln and never looked back.
I took my driving test in a 1981 Eldorado with that crappy engine in 1990. Even back when they were less than 10 years old they never liked to idle right. Ours had the V4/6/8 (Eaton variable displacement system) disconnected too and it would buck and surge like there was no tomorrow. However, I think age has done in the ECU on this one. I would be willing to bet that the ECU board has failed electrolytic capacitors on it and will need to be recapped. This is a frequent problem with older electronics since the electrolyte dries out over time and changes the capacitance. Capacitors are used to smooth out voltage spikes so with them drying out and dying, the computer gets erratic signals. However, because this is GM, there is hope. While this engine may have been one year only, the GM TBI system was not. So it is likely that the computer and sensors are shared with multiple vehicles and all you would need to do is swap the PROM chip to another computer with the same part number. The even worse 4100 HT Fuel Injection used in the 1982 DeVille, etc. would have had a similar system as would all manner of disposable FWD GM products of the time. There are also ECU rebuilders who can fix them as well, but you would need to find someone familiar with this 42 year old system. Then there are also lay people like myself who dabble in old electronics who may be able to figure it out by trial and error.
I,v been workin on cars all my life..I,m 65 now and I must say the 81 Cadillac was pure poison...😂😂I threw in the towel on 3 of them over the years...When they stop run,in right they never seem to run right again..Nice try bud..Hard to win with the 81 Cadillac and I ain,t kid,en ya...😂😂
Carburetor swap
People put this engine down but, I would rather have it then the 4100.
LS swap 😊
You get an A plus x a bazillion trillion for effort. However the tannerite option would be best…
Thanks for all the entertainment  Derek.  I'm just now getting in over my head in a stupid computer car myself.  04 supercharged  dale Earnhardt monte carlo.  I hope I can keep my cool as well as you do. God bless you and yours and merry Christmas
Man, how frustrating.
Thank you, O'Reillys.  Thank you, Derek.
“Hip bone” 🦴 in the eye & “safety squints “ but when u got the supplies I did see a new pair of safety glasses in the one box😆😂🤣
We had to pass the Cadillac dealership on the way to dad's office back in the day. I remember watching Cadillac owners protesting in front of the dealership because of these V8/6/4 engines. Picture a bunch of old guys carrying signs like "Junk-illac". It forever tainted the brand for me. Thanks for bringing a heavy dose of humor to this abomination of an automobile!
Yep, carb swap it for sure.
Derek got a camera person and it’s wild in my mind to watch the camera just follow him
yes do a carb swap and loved the flying drum as usual laughed all video thanks derek once again
Holly terminator swap, going to town conversion!
I'd tow it to the nearest cliff and give it a good push.
Brake drum burnout was great!🙂
silverado had that gas pot for two days. tacoma chevy put carb on it for me. world of difference. 4by 4s do not get good mileage. at 80. all time 4 wheel but bad ass..
Yeah those single wire o2 sensors went bad quick
My Brother worked at a GM dealer as a mechanic and he was telling me that he hated to see one of the cadillacs sell because they would almost always turn back up to the shop and working on them was a PITA.
34:30 I love how you can hear the crew laughing in the background 🤣
I dunno. Derick with an actual camera man. I’m not sure if can work with this.
Coolant temp or engine temp sensor had a 92 chevy that would just dump fuel and would only run with one injector plugged in
The history of Cadillac in a tidy 140 minutes.
LOL...Love it Derek, THX for making my night! I say adjust it back up to 2500 r's and head to the demo derby!
The Pontiac sun fire and Chevrolet Bretta had those retractable neck straps 😮
I dont know if it would be the issue but it seems the lower o-rings on the injectors went in wrong. Maybe bypassing fuel straight in.
Those are nice Olds Regency 98 hubcaps
I hate those engines thank you
Just wanted to say I live in Australia and Watch every Ep I can find. I love US muscle cars and the road tips like Power Tour are the BEST traveling with the family must be the highlight of your show Bentley is GREAT and watching him work with you  is inspirational. I hope you go for another 20 years
A valiant effort! That brake drum was the best thing I've seen in a long time. Carb swap it and be done.
Gotta lose the constantly moving camera
Better yet.... ENGINE SWAP .. cage it ... RACE IT!!! 😉👍 Make the fastest pass in a CADDY.
Oldsmobile hubcaps?
Carb!
this is chevy !! if it was a ford   ???you are    awesome
I would say...Change the distributor to a vacuum advance HEI and carb swap it. Call it good at that point.
So my dad and I put new head gaskets on a 4100 series caddy Seville, I had the task of rebuilding the TBI, same setup, put new injectors in it and all new gaskets. The one issue I was thinking of with all of this was the alternator not working was messing with the computer, crazy yes but it’s a caddy 😂😂😂.   All the messing with the tbi had me shaking my head watching you and laughing crazy at the tv!!  Put a carb in it or replace it with a LS thanks @derek!!
10:57 cavaliers had that too and I think my mom had a 80s Chrysler had it
Personally I’d leave that hunk a junk on the road side with a FREE sign on it. This by far was the funniest most entertaining revival I’ve seen you do, I laughed so hard when that brake drum left  I peed a little bit in my diaper, then I realized I don’t wear diapers. Great job by the camera operator and for not cracking up laughing all the way through this video.
Think this one should be called stepmom cause she gunna be trouble 😂
Brave effort my friend! Good thing the car is old enough to do a vacuum spaghetti-mess-ectomy as needed. The 80’s were truly awful years to be a motor head as the fuel and emissions created these monstrosities! I feel better knowing you weren’t trying to cross-country that old girl.
Engine swap.
Im confused, since when did a guy get a camera person, that, him, her, it, they , whatever . It scares me, that change that is. Not sure if it means changes to the channel and just how far those changes will go. Over the years ive seen far many beloved channels started making "improvements" which ended up losing the soul of the show. I don't think i could handle losing vice grip and family, and before i get jumped on for being premature, change happens somewhere and starts with small things. Anyhow, on with the show...
I had this engine in a '81 Sedan DeVille. Once I locked it into 8 cylinder mode through the mileage computer I never had another problem.
I loved hearing even the cameraman laugh.  Another great revival.
That thing was FIGHTIN' ya, and I ain't kiddin'. I tried to bring an '85 Fleetwood back once with the same result.Take my advice: park a boat on it. Or maybe do an LS swap with a manual transmission. Yeah that'd be nice. Lot of work tho.
Probably because the cat is cut off and the engine doesn’t have a correct reading for fuel and how much is needed
Well better get some snacks and wobble pops for this epic
Its been a very long time but, had a buddy with one of these. It didnt go 50k n quit. He tore the motor out and dropped a 454 n good ol holly in it. Was a great car after that. Drove it for at least 20 years.
Waaaaay too nice for VGG.
Put a LS in it !
In the early 80’s the full injectors were hard to deal with!However, they were the new thing! I had a 82 mercury, grand marquis
Man what a pile
I just bought my dad a hot-wheel car like this caddy last week because I totaled his when I was 13 years old. Took him some whiskey and the hot-wheel a week ago today, and he was amazed the hot wheel was absolutely identical to his that i wrecked. He absolutely loved the lil die-cast. I'm 41 now and it's crazy how the things that made us laugh  back then make us cry now and the things that made us cry back then, we laugh about now.
turbo ls swap it
I wonder if it is not running right because the O2 sensors
Bad idea in 81 still bad, maybee worse in 2023
"Halfway is okay"  "seatidge without ripidge" sound like  great T-shirts
I have messed with mini TBI engines there is too temperature sensors the excessive fueling is usually due to the hot code sensor located usually close to the thermostat housing
Losing sensor signal reference voltage somewhere.
OMG!!!  Derek.  Imagine being 16 years old and buying one of these in 1989.  For $1500!!!  I thought I died and went to heaven…….for about 15 minutes after signing the loan papers!  Oh boy do I have stories for you!!!!  I’m in the middle of the video.  Man I hope you get this beast going.  It was the best looking car I’ve ever owned.  God I wish I had it now 🥲.  I’d put a 3800 in it somehow lol !!!!  Those are such cruisers!!!  One of the best looking caddy’s made in my opinion.  Thanks for the video.  👍💪👍. But really,  I dream now of having that car back with the simplest 350 set it.  I’d use any funds on the cars restoration needs. PS….i learned quickly how to work on cars literally.  Still do most things.  God I hate/loved that car!
It thinks it needs an exorcism !😢
I would just find another motor to put in it that ain’t got that 468 crap
That muffler delete was awesome and had me laughing. 😅
TBI is really easy to fix once you know what it takes to make them do their thing.
The 80s designed cars destroyed the American car industry.
Install an aftermarket ecu!    Haltech makes some nice ones.
1:03:50 My stomach hurts from laughing 🤣 Dear Lord that was hilarious
That is such a beautiful rig... LS swap the world... ?
Ac controls automatically reset to 75 after disconnecting the battery. Both of my Devilles were like that.
The wheel drum was tell u to run
Oh no, another GM debacle, the Cimarron ....88 HP 1.8L in-line four. Cadillac's attempt to build a compact luxury sedan, as suits in Detroit continued to believe in the Caddy mystique, and were convinced that middle class buyers would flock....
Didn't know it was a one year only engine but I should have. What a POS. Still learning everyday at 60 years old.
I messed with that TBI junk for probably 15 years in my GMC 454. Finally I put big heads on it and a Holley Sniper. I did just change my 3rd O2 sensor but it's still far better.
"For Sale" sign may be the best fix.
What would be really great is to see plan "B" where you get it running correctly.  Why was it having issues, and can you repair them to get this car back on the road.  Perhaps the best car I ever owned was a 1973 Coup De Ville.  I only had it for about 3 months, due to gas milage, which almost bankrupted me at the time.  But I loved it, it was a RIDE!
45:00    Is that "pin thing" called a "Pintle" or something like that?  🤔  I don't know, I'm not a fuel injection guy.. 🤷  Gimme a carburetor.... THEY make complete sense to me, and I'm happy. 😁
When did you start working for power nation  Dereck?
Well, that was one awesome video Derek, enjoyed your banter and efforts to get the Caddy running. As for the future of the Caddy, it's in great shape why not pull the engine and scrap it after taking off the new parts you installed. Install a good V8 engine fueled by a 4 barrel carburetor. Heck, you could have swaped numerous engines in the time stolen from you trying to get that junk motor to run.
Derek, I didn't know you were visiting my home town. Next time I'll buy you some lunch.  Thanks for the video
Cummins swap it
A carb swap would be interesting if you have an old quadra toilet you could rebuild. Don't put a lot of money into the effort.
I have a friend that is a Cadillac guy he has a few of those and his solution to the issues is when he got one of those or the junk aluminum block ones they all got Oldsmobile 350s bolts right in and parts half as much
Strip the shit and make it fast
Yep. CARB SWAP 👍
I find myself at a loss for words..
Almost time to call AAA . No you'll get going. I about choked when that hub came off.
Idk man I don't really love the camera work on this video
EFI V8-6-4-2-0!
Carb swap
TERRIBLY inexperienced Cadillac Converter THIEF!!!!
The fire at the end was the perfect ending
Me  When's your next Cadillac save ? Dereck   Let me check NEVER!!!!😢😮😅😂 LOL...
Love you man, you really made me laugh on this one! Carb swap!!!
Coyote swap with twin turbos
It looked like you forgot one of the gaskets on the throttle body unit,  it's by itself on the back passenger side.  Could you not do a paper clip in the obd1 port to flash codes or did it not have that.   A voltmeter to check tps, map,  and ect sensors would have been beneficial.  Those sensors have most impact,  o2 doesn't do much and doesn't even rule into the strategy until after it's been running a while and under certain conditions.
A car for "Blue Hairs" requires "blue wall" tires!
Were they reliable after having the nannies deleted?
It sounds like it can't make up it's mind how many cylinders to use. 🤔 So,...for a second or two  it's maybe kinda 8? then maybe even 6 or throw in a 3 or 5 to keep you on your toes. You're peeking under it's hood and it probably has a censor for that too. I don't think they wanted anyone looking at their design, (for various reasons),.  Would've been a cushy 500 miles if it had run, ( not on 4 cylinders or less),. I'd forgotten all about these beasts. The public didn't think much of them back of the day. Now we know.
Idle it back way up , find a cliff,  and send it! 😅
This is the funniest content I've seen in awhile,... love it
It's like a dose of claps and no penicillin to be found anywhere ! You gave it a valiant effort boss.
Probably one of the funniest videos that I’ve seen you make! Thanks for the laughs and also the lessons! Keep up the great work you’re doing!
you would think that being an O' Reilly shop, they'd have a lift.
Derek, you are my hero, but this one must go away.  Take the loss, this one is going to make your hair go gray real fast my friend.  Lesson learned NO 81 Cadillacs with EFI V8-6-4.
LS swap it.
Derick ! You never quit! I can't believe the patents you had with this car. I hope you get it going like it suppose to but,sounds like the one year situation is the problem from the get go . Would be interesting to see if it could would run like it's suppose to. We all know you are spread thin as it is. Thanks for another one in the can.! Map sensor? Humm.. 🇺🇲🇺🇲🇺🇲🇺🇲🇺🇲
Would like to see you slap a carb. on that baby and drive the heck out of it.
Seriously ?? People steel those cats in 2.699 minutes. 🤣😂 I think i'm funny...
Heck of a solid rig. Would be interesting for a part 2 to find out if it is just in the computer. But would be even greater to carb swap that mess. Thanks for all the content always appreciated, educational and entertaining.
The worst Idea Cadillac ever had 😢
Derek, ya gotta at least get it running well enough to lash the steering wheel, toss a cinder block on the gas pedal and let er rip off a cliff!
As my grandad used to say “ its nothing a gallon of gas and a match wont fix” you had a lot of patience with that old car, looking forward to your next..
everybody know these cars were super turds back then. You young guys got some big ones trying to get these to work.
Big block swap.
mother inlaw had one they a wisbang work it over and it was only a v 8 after that. she went to pass some one and it died. wisbang fixed that. she got a new car every other set of tires.
I won't lie, when it caught on fire at the end, I thought, just let it burn.  hahahaha
Can't you just throw a 4 barrel at the caddy and just call it a day ? Screw that electric shit 😅 lol
@derick , I heard the zinc in rotella t6/7? Syn was not the same as the zinc in modern oils ? I used to run the OG rotella in my Audi turbo cars , how do you feel about the new rotella in Di motors ? Thanks 🍻
Nothing better than VGG For TWO and a half hours on Saturday night.
You need some facial lava deflectors.
That brake drum simply did not want to be associated with this mess....... it simply said "I am outta here, I want to be free."
Awesome video.
That brake drum coming off and rolling across the floor was FUNNY as HELL !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Don`t know about the caddy though . Some things are just better off dead. LOL LOL LOL !
LS this junk
"One Piece at a Time" 😂😂
I remember when tbi units first came out, they had a huge problem with flooding out especially in the winter. I replaced many injectors and sensors. They were a pain!
Wow! That was a struggle and a half!
Keep the car, get rid of the engine
How about changing the fuel filter to go along with that new tank? Maybe replacing both injectors also.
Northstar?
Its the coolant temp sensor
Loved the brake drum flying off and rolling out the door!😅😅😅😅. Typical Cadillac junk
I wish this video was longer. So hilarious seeing the drum go for a drive on it's own
In the words of Warren Zevon, "Send Lawyers, Guns and Money"...
Can I buy it I could trade work too I grew up in one of those and I wouldn't feel terrible putting a coyote in it and driving it until I die
LS SWAP or just sell to the junkyard
The computer pulsates the injectors by grounding them out so many times a second. A lot of times when it's bad it will constantly ground which will cause the fuel dump issue.
Yeah, that’s a Tuffy😂
thank you
Betty whites lil sister dolly 🤔
This is by far the funniest episode I have ever watched. You had me cracking up.
Carb swap it and see if she goes
IAC motor is faulty!
2:02:25. lol, good to see yer human and can vent just like the rest of us 😂
Some of these wont run right without more than 12.5. Needs at least 13 for the computer. Early limp home mode. Also know as a POS system. Replace the alternator.
Absolutely get rid of electronic  components and let that ol girl  eat . Noble effort my guy. Sometimes it's just not what's best for the rig . Let's see what she really has set up v8 only 😏. Great video Derek.
1:40:00 the fact that your not hollering and cussing an absolute blue streak means you’re either not letting it get you down, or your editor is really good.
I think that car needs a 540 swap
I am thinking an LS swap and a 671. Maybe a great burnout car?
I received a “free” (running and driving) fleetwood once.  This was after I moved the entire household and all their restaurant equipment into a moving truck.  It ended up alot like this!
Man so many looks of defeat on Derek's face through out this one.
I had one back in the day...first off you had to disable the 4 6 8 crap...but the ECU turned out to be the major problem...early computer shit
Hello Derek and family
Those this steel seat rings that you may have omitted, it possibly permitting fuel to bypass the injectors, and pouring into the engine.
"It´s in my soul!" just had me. Never recoverd from it for the rest of the video.  Thank you Derek.
Oh my god this was a nail bitter after the first time he buttoned up the air clean and thought it was good to go i was roasted
Great candidate for an LS swap
Our '57 Caddillac was a Coupe deVille
Around 1986, my brother sold his big, beautiful light blue 1976 Coupe De Ville and bought his father-in-law's 1980 El Dorado with the diesel engine. He hated that engine, so he traded it for a white '81 Sedan De Ville V8-6-4, which he seemed to like better. When my wife and I got hitched in '87 it was our get-away car. I think he sold that and got a '76 Seville and a minivan. He misses the '76.
You earned your beans on that one.
It's a nice car. Pull that shit motor out of it. Put a gym performance parts 350 in. It was a carburetor and that's still a great car
Makes me think of the family truckster even though I know that was an Ltd but did it have Cadillac headlights?
I think a temp sensor on these can cause similar problems. If I remember correctly.
Grab your time machine phone and call Clint Eastwood from Every Which Way but Loose, and say "Scrap the Caddy Clyde"  Ok, ok, Engine swap it. How's about an SMX!
The very second I saw that that was a Cadillac 8-6-4 engine I knew you were in deep manure.  It is a better system than the early Chrysler Lean Burn system. At least Cadillac gave you diagnostic tools in the climate control center, as much good as those are.😂😅. Get yourself. Some 472 valve covers and gasgets, then install  Holly Sniper system on there and then get up distributor out of a 472 with a vacuum advance on it problems All solved.
Junk is junk🎉 College of hard knocks. It is what it is. No one try’s harder than you.
Your video ended just like Jessica said!! Big build up an no delivery at the end! I'm disappointed as is she !!😂 your whole problem is the ignition control module in the damn dizzy bro. As far as the bedroom that's on you 😂
swap a fiat motor into it.
need berrymans and a Italian tuneup.
Getting to be too “goofy” for my taste. Pretending you’re trapped behind the steering wheel was so predictable and not really funny. I must be watching too many episodes because I pretty much know what he’s going to say next. I liked the show better earlier on because it seemed fresher, not recycled.
By one hour, 40 minutes, the urge to want to see this Caddy go into one of those metal shredders peaked.
Order replace
Most Cadillac owners didn't do their own maintenance, but those things were a disaster and hard to work on. We didn't have the testing equipment to diagnose all those sensors and gazillion hoses and lines. I'm surprised there is still one out there.
Great video on what not to buy lol. Only one year production says it all. I would change the intake, and go with a carb, my self. Thanks for another great video.
Take the radiator cap off back the car out bring in a new car then go straight to O'REILLY AUTO PARTS and get a new radiator cap😊
Carb swap
Nope. Didn't have the choking seat-belts in my 1997 honda prelude. It was optioned to the hilt except for an automatic transmission
My mother was in her late 50's and was slowly dying. She was a child during the depression and had been giving up by her parents. My father asked her if there was anything she wanted? She replied that she always wanted a Cadillac. My father went out and bought her the 4 door that was a copper color. She loved that car.
no float. doesn't help to tap on it. regulator might be bad.
i knew yoiu were in trouble whe you popet the hood holly crap .
You are better than me I would've already put a fuel make it happener and a hei lightning whirler and said see ya to the computer
MAP sensor and temp sensor.
Caddy with Clean hubcaps AND blue white walls..... Grampa got his check in the mail and everyone knew it.
Holy sheep shit over 2 hrs hell yeah brother with a side of I’ll be dipped 🤘🏽
I gotta Cadillac, the muffler beat me up!!!!!!😂
It's screaming at me. That 4'6'8 system has to have a potentiometer somewhere that's doing something wrong with that system. It's got to be before a sensor if I'm right, good hunting vvg and have fun.
that hood almost took your chin off.
sight un seen should be the name of this series
Time for a Hemi Swap.
Everything is going to be fine …. And then the fun begins.
Please no more camera man. Camera was all over the place and auto focus should have been turned off. I couldn't see anything. Please go back to your old style of filming.
bad ground at the tank.
Could you put a Holley system on it like you have used in the pasted or isn’t that car worth
A real stinker of an engine; the opposite of the KISS concept. Mad respect for going to the mats with this POS. --bd
GAS AND A MATCH... That 8 6 4 was the biggest POS right next to the converted diesel.  Good on you for trying.... put the electric demons to rest.
Sell that POS.
That was a Beast... I would have parked the Cadillac too.  Kudos to you for attempting everything to get it running.
change the fuel filter.
Forgetabout. It ant worth taking it home. U dont need 2 look at that nomore. Stick with olld ones. No more plastic computer crap!
Ls swap 😂
If you're gonna be beat, at least it was by a real heavyweight. As Always, May God Bless you and yours! 😇
Coolant temp sensor failing will cause it to flood.
I'd hope you take back what you don't use. You left $500 worth of stuff in that Bricklin that ended up going through Mortske's place!
She's beutiful
The V8-6-4...a GM disaster matched only by the late 70s diesel 350 small block.
39:00    😂 I can't believe that the 9-volt battery has even remotely enough current output to be able to activate the injector.   Especially when that little battery is already 3 volts shy of what the car delivers to the injector right out of the box.   Great tip though! 👍   Does the 9-volt have enough oomph to opem the injector when the fuel system is pressurized? It would be a convienient way to check the spray pattern of the injectors if it would. No test leads required, just stick the battery right on it.
WOW ........   Derek .... you continue to impress me! ....That Cadillac Coupe Deville is one of my favorite old cars.....
Carb swap! Then sell it...........To me ;)
lol lol lol has to be the best vidio u have done
I had a 89 3/4 ton 4 speed was a beast of a truck but with the same junk tbi had a similar issue computer would randomly go stupid run super rich pour black smoke like a diesel ended up being the plugs going into the computer were corroded and one of the pins corroded the worst was coolant temp sensor
I had a ‘77 flavor as my HS vehicle.  Interior strikingly similar minus the digital climate and hokey fuel management computer.  It was  pile of poo but a very reliable car with its 425 engine.
Love all your videos, I have been binge watching them over time. Helps me chill and distress while I’m working my bees. So glad O’reilly is looking after you too with facilities and I hope more. You sure do promote them in almost every video and I’m sure they love it - great partnership. Think I’ll do some work in my sister’s Toyota hilux from what you have taught me _ thanks Derek.
Derrick, i know you woek alone but i wish I could work with you.  It would be a highlight in my 65 years
Car crusher
That's hilarious muffler work there. bud! lol Factry!
Motor swap it 😎🍻
Carb swap it. The engine sounds healthy when it was running. A low mileage car like that, I would keep it. Unless you just don’t want to look at anymore, LOL. I would understand that 👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻
is that a Brougham?
This would be a good place for a LS swap.
lol at the amount of fuel you had to pour in there to keep it running at idle.
Back in the day, they thought the fuel pump, was bad. Appears, to me, it was flooding, back then.
The one instance where a 5.7 GM diesel swap would be the better option...
This was one epic battle...more than man vs machine too. I feel like this should be a story told to all our grandchildren the same way we tell epic tales like Jonah vs the Whale and etc, etc. I will forever remember Derek vs the Muffler though as the one that epitomizes this horror of a vehicle the best. In the words of the late, great Bob Hope: thanks for the memories. 😂
BTW   I would have given up ....WAY........WAY before you did.😎
Great job I'm in California was your video late firiday
LS swap time!
Back in 1981 I went to work in a Austin Cadillac-Oldsmobile dealer and did until 1984 so I know a few things about this car. The engine block was aluminum and you could kick one across the floor if it was bare. They used to say it wouldn't make a boat anchor.  Awhile after this the standard engine was a V-6 if you can believe that. One other interesting thing is I did couple hundred  or more .make readies on these. Almost every one had the wheel covers stolen and the L/R vent widow broken out and had to be replaced. They came into Houston on a train and that is when they would get stolen.  I got paid 2.5 hours for every make ready one I did plus the glass replacement. One year just before Christmas I must have done 30 of these. Nice check that week.  I have a lot of stories from that time period and Cadillacs. Remember the first computer controled systems came out in like 1979 Oldsmobiles. Red Adair bought all his crews Eldorado's from that dealer and he turned them all back because when they got anywhere near the Houston ship channel they would die from radio interference. The whole engine idea was ahead of it's time and the electronis's were not. You see the same valve modulation today on some cars.
34:32 distorted sneeze made me laugh too hard
It Needs A NEW Car
You need to flush that tird!!!!!!
I feel better about myself when I see Derek doing impact wrenching with chrome socketry!
I was 17 years old in 1984 and I purchased a used 79 Eldorado diesel with 27K on the odometer. I traveled from Freehold N.J. to Atlantic City and needed good fuel mileage. That car lasted about 6 months before blowing the crank through the bottom of the engine. King Cadillac and Sons under threat of a lawsuit traded me out of the 79 and traded me for an 81 Fleetwood Brougham with the V864 with only 18k on it. That car lasted 4 Months. To this day I still own my 1976 Eldorado Convertible with no issues. I have always said 1976 was the last year for Cadillac. They have been going downhill ever since.
3 steps forward 2 steps back
Big par of channel locks always work on the oil filter next time
I've never seen Derek appear to be out of his element before. He's usually so comfortable digging into whatever car he's working on at that particular moment. That's definitely not the case with this one.
it needs a 12 valve cummins swap
I didn't care for the camera action and the shop. Just wasn't the same. Keep up the great work Derek. Thanks.
I love Waterworld....
Knock down, drag out encounter with this caddy. Thanks for the hours of entertainment and good humour.
Put a carb on it. Sell it after
I would have quit the minute the seat didn’t go back. Great vid, and Sweet Onions to you.
I would've already torn the EFI out and put a carb in it, so carb swap that caddy
The brake drum almost made it to Nashville......
How did you do that with no profanity? I'm impressed,
Yup...Tannerite was the best call.
I was laughing out loud when that brake drum rolled across the floor
My Grandma had one, It got stuck in 4 cyl mode and was not only a dog, but she was getting 2 mpg. It ended up as a demo derby car for my cousin.
Not the correct horn.  Should have shook stuff off of the wall.  Caddys normally have a very loud horn.
The temp sencor is how they ""choke"" for cold start and just like and old carb with choke stuck on when it messes up .and its very comon up here in ontario in the snow etc
"Bom, bom, bom.... Another one bites the dust..."
Derek's way too happy on this acquisition 😂 he loves this one😂 zero rust intact interior😂
Sounds like a stock modified car.
Engine swap
I think that caddy needs Holley injection and needs to haul your wonderful family around and then after that motor caps out put a turbo ls in it and really enjoy it
My first car was a 1980 caddie fleet-wood brougham d'elegance that i got from my grandpa. Most comfortable 3 months of car ownership ive ever had. (Electrical short burnt it down)
Been looking for this video today lol
Caddy drag car. Just saying
I checked the 2 Cadillac converters happened to me. One time where the engine almost can't do complete stuff with the catalogs of a car
holy efi it would make a good crosser i believe
No time, limited tools, unfamiliar engine...yep, oughta be a good one! That powerbarn is a nightmare, man I'd hate to have to change the sparkalaters in that thing and sort out all the hoses and wires. Sure got a nice body though, a beautiful car but all that complexity for a little convenience and give an impression of high tech, not so good down the line. OMG, you know they do make such things as eye goggles and face masks Derek! Well I have to admit I have been too impatient to use that PP stuff too sometimes, but that mouse stuff is nasty. This is one of those where I know I like watching someone else do it, but I'm glad I don't have to be a mechanic. I know there must be a lot of satisfaction when you solve the puzzle of why it is doing what it's doing.
Early 80s cars were so unreliable.  The government was making car makers do all sorts of things to try to save gas and improve emissions,  but the technology wasn't there.  My dad had a chevy and a Lincoln from the early 80s and they both had issues no one could even figure out.  Professional mechanics at the time couldn't figure out the issues.  We lived near Pat Goss' shop in MD, the one that had a TV and radio show.  He couldn't figure it out.
I think the green plug that ain't hooked up is a diagnosis pkug.
this one was tough. I felt your frustration.  time to out a 4 sale sign on it.
We definitely need to see it own the rd some how
Bless You !! You Blew Your Wig Off 🤠🤘
Digicals 👍.  Nonsensicals 👎.
If you’re gonna have a guy hold a camera and record you might want to make sure he’s got steady hands this episode made me nauseous as hell. Shakiest camera man I’ve ever seen in my life
Let me know how it goes.. you do amazing on your youtube videos. I have everyone in the family watching you
fascinating to see your troubleshooting - shows what a great, instinctive mechanic you are!
I’ll be honest, the 2 most reliable vehicles I’ve ever owned were TBI GMs, one of which I still own and has over 500K miles on it. But I’ve never had one with this BS
Was driving my 78 CoupDeville to work one morning and suddenly a cloud of smoke came out from under my dashboard .Twas on fire .I was running late so I just kept on driving .made it to work .after that .nothing worked in the car anymore ..dashboard was dead. .no dome light .no radio .no tail lights or brake lights ..Headlights still worked thou ..I bought some wire and ran it back to the tail lights from the battery using toggle switches .drove it for a few years after that 😅
Get rid if it, a limited car that GM hated, and after watching you work your butt of trying to get it running,I hate it too.
Should have done all the plugs
sell the piece of junk or change the engine
I like the Oldsmobile hubcaps on the Cadillac
I was wondering if the old man wouldn’t surrender the keys so the family yanked the gas tank?
I could almost smell your frustration with that car.  It's a very good parts car. That's about it.  Those motors were nothing more than boat anchors ⚓️.  I would part it out and at least get some of your money back.
Keep waiting on the day you put a gas can and a Road flare in one and walk away.
definition of an expert an ex is a has been and a spert is a drip under pressure
I feel your pain when climbing into that driver seat I’m 6’5
Now we REALLY know why you hate things built after 1980!!!! That car is a handful! And the brake drum skating at 13,000 rpm’s across the floor killed me dead. 😭💀💀💀
36:12 😂😂😂😂
It's old enough that you could put a carb on it with out being on the wrong side of the law. So why not. GM had big dollars to throw at the concept and gave up on it. You know you can make a normal GM V8 run and drive. We could all use a car that would still run after after an Electro Magnetic pulse from a nuke going off. That basically means a car with zero electronics. Points condincer and coil ignition and a carburetor. If you want one that the radio would work in we are talking a radio with tubes in it and a vibrator power supply and an actual vibrator not the solid state replacement. A generator with a mechanical voltage regulator will survive an EMP an alternator might not because of the diodes and the electronic voltage regulator.
Hello. This will sound crazy.. try to chamge your temp sencor on this Cadillac and it should fire rite up for you
Need to LS swap that caddy
Someone at my church growing up had one of these he was in his late 80s. As I was a 16 year old gearhead with Internet access I had heard of them and asked him about it. He bought it new, so it was 23 years old. He replaced batteries, tires, and brakes. He never had any other issues. Wish I knew where that ended up it was immaculate In 2003
When dealing with 80's throttle body best thing to do is check MAP sensor for disconnected vacuum hose or broken hoses.
The hood padding is the same found in the muffler. Thats where the mice got it from
15:53 Swap out the intake and put a carburetor on it
I had the same engine in my coup and it did the same thing I’ll tell you how I fixed it I put a Chevy 350 engine and trans in it all I had to do was turn the motor mounts upside down and swapped the ujoint after that it was one of my favorite cars I’ve owned
Perfect example of when the government is involved with making decisions
Call me sadistic but this was the funniest of your video's I've seen. All the issues, the frustrations, the early model ancient new age electro digicals failing. The brake drum going for a walk... I mean. Can it get better?
Lol I'd call it Kristen 🤣 she got a mind of its own, haunted caddy.
I remember seeing those Caddies on used car lots or in cars for sale news publishing sources for "good deals"... and they never sold because of GREMLINS. They were Crapola right from the factory.
Got a new Camera man? Good job great video
Always trying to reinvent the wheel. Put a good ol carb on it.
Hey Derek this is NYC Stu this was your best revival yet come back to this car, don’t give up you’ll figure it out,  Here’s a hint when  you first start your car up before the O2 sensor  get hot enough to work the system runs in open loop.  Good luck
Way to keep digging ! Hell of a job bud . Thx for the content
I seriously don’t know how and where u get the drive to work on these old nightmares. You must be a masochist. I get bad anxiety just watching lol. I do commend you though for doing this for our entertainment!!!!!
To date, I dont ever think Ive seen a Vice grip vid where I didnt laugh lol Derek is a comedian first I think
Derek.      I would like to see you put a quad jet on the Cadillac and eliminate all the. 4- 6 -8.  And just run it on 8.  Then. Maybe it is saleable
Awesome video. Too bad she wouldn't drive home but still a nice looking Cadillac. I would try to carb swap it and get rid of all that junk.
I feel your pain.  My son's first car when he turned 16 was an 81 Sedan Deville. Most of the scars on my arms are from working on that monstrosity... Pretty car though.
Holley sniper  ,or a texas speed ls swap ,those big copes are so cool
It's actually nice to watch a guy struggle through a crapstorm like that and come out on the other side still affable, sense of humor intact. I've had a number of catatrophe projects (like the time I tried to restore a Drake TR-4 Ham Radio... carnage) where it soaked up endless effort and just wouldn't work. It happens!  Drop a Buick Wildcat engine into it, Derek, and call it good.
The funny part you cutting off the muffler, even funnier you brought some safety specs when you went to the parts store and never used them, such a man thing to do lmao
Involuntary shudder when I heard it was an 8/6/4. Step 1: Drink cold snacks Step 2: Pull engine Step 3: Install real engine
Your career as a "cat" thief is in real jeopardy. 🤣
I farted myself laffing when the drum came off. 😂😂😂
1:03 lmao I think you handled the TBI better than the exhaust.
They sure did make a great starter
Hey bud That type of fuel injection is tied to the fuel injection. Try timing with electronic advance unplugged. This worked for me on a Chevy truck. It worked great truck ran perfectly after correction and letting the computer adjust on its own.
I think this was the best video you have done yet. I laughed so hard I cried. It reminded me of myself 😂😂
I've never seen you have so much trouble. And you keep your cool. Great job.
nice
My 83 Fleetwood was a nightmare with that dang ht4100. Finally snapped at 150k. And the tps tried to drive me into the back of a brand new corvette at a stoplight. Glad the brakes worked good
Derek buy a case of Febreze, it might work in these old cars Those injectors spayed fuel onto the closed butterfly’s then the fuel dribbles off the butterfly down into the intake. When you think about the way they were designed they might as well just dribbled the fuel in with low pressure system
Salud 💥💥
It really needs a blown big block
The only thing you did wrong was put the fire out
Derek. You need a coolant temp sensor I believe. They will dump the fuel if it believes it is -40°f that's why the iac kept going full tilt as well.
“Well…it barely runs and we got no transmission, so I think we should probably leave in the morning…” 😂
LOL at the brake drum rolling across the floor 😂😂😂😂😂😂
Hubcaps is holding seat
Aweeeee you tried!
As an Oreilly Store Manager. It would be cool to see you in Dallas this January for our annual conference. @vicegripgarage
Would definitely like to see a carb swap. I have an 85 that needs help 😂
Ahhh maan, brake hubs, leaves the building
Had one of these for 3 days monkeyed around under the hood and gave up and sold it without even driving it!
Sounds like Betty White might be getting herself a boyfriend!
Just sell it.
Carb swap would be sweet.
Good luck next time.
That power barn is a dandy!
I laughed way to hard at him flinging the muffler around 😂
L S swap... smash-up derby it into oblivion! 💥👌🏻
Get new injectors
Pull the engine and get rid of the electric and go old school.
Did the same TBI work on a '92 C1500....Not easy.....even at home! Great vid!
Ok...the epic exhaust and cat battle...one for the ages...then when the hat goes backwards on a feller you know the gloves were off!  Fires,flying parts,tripped breakers and lost water pressure....definitely haunted! Gotta name her the  "Ghost of 864" But as usual, Moses Sandals, Derek never gave up! Outstanding as always!
The muffler delete scene will go down in history as one of the greatest automotive "repair"  segments ever!! 😂
Couldn't drive them 500 when new
Ditch the electronics, 1st gen EFI is a nightmare.
Let's see a 350 Chevy engine swap in a caddy, only way it will ever be reliable
I would like to see a carb swap, with an old 472 under the carb, lol
God love you Derek, your patients is commendable. You make Job, from the bible look like tennis Mcenroe after a bad point call. I'd rip that piece of crap out and put in anything with a carburetor.
It's times like these that make me feel less inept.  Seeing you run into issues like this helps me cope...lol.  Thanks for the content, and Merry Christmas to you and the family.
I'm 1:39:00 into this video. I bet I've screamed "DEREK STOP" no less than 20 times.
Now you have made me want another big body coupe de Ville.
I fixed mine by screwing in the idle air control rod all the way in then adjusted the curb idle screw to 900 rpm to compensate...it runs very slight rough till about 100 degrees engine temp then smooths right out and runs like a dream...I changed the idle control motor the tps was changed by mechanic but not properly seated so you cant set it right. I worked on this for over a month when mechanics suggested crushing it and it has been running pretty damn good over a year now. I do have the service manual and read every forum post this processed worked for me when everyone said it wouldn't.
I like the tannerite idea Derek! What a Pos! A for effort brother!
Derek! Safety glasses are your friend!
A guy's gonna grab himself a coffee and a snack for a good ol' VGG video of this beauty of a Caddy whilst pulling an easy overtime night shift. Life's good. 😁
I’ll still give you a thumbs up!!👍 I want to see you figure it out, though, honestly.
The 81 caddy has officially whooped your tail, time for a cold snack and a plane ticket to Nashville 😂
Boy, I think WE ALL learned a lesson with this video: Stay the heck away from the GM 6-8-4! Well, maybe not all of us, but most, anyway. And... I bet you have done that 74,912 times 🙂!
As always great effort ,love the channel
Bet u got that one cheap? No body wants them for a good reason !
Sometimes you just gotta walk away.
See everyone puts down ford but nobody appreciates. That ford puts the solenoid on the firewall just saying
there are swap kits for this, good luck!
My Dad owned one or two Caddys and each of them were 100% pure garbage.  Even today I can follow one down the road and/or street and mufflers dragging, lights burnt out, leaning to one side or the other due to broken shocks or springs.  You name it and it would be broken.  Electrical issues without compare.  Junk!!
I’m thinking an LS swap is in order
Never seen a car that wanted to be scrapped so bad. Oblige it. I had an 85 Ford Crown Vic with TBI and I never had a bit of trouble with it AT ALL.
I gotta say i am not a fan of someone else filming.  Too much moving around and you are not talking the same as when no one else is there.
Take it down to cleetus's and let the monster trucks take care of it!
What a battle!
Looks like a candidate for big ls swap...just sayin😊
Impressive fight Derek 👍
Cameraman was pretty shakey throughout the video, other than that great content as always Derek
Its a nice quality car, I would love to see you take all the bleep bloop nonsence off and put a good simple quality fuel system in, and she'll run like a dream !
I lost a similar battle vs 1980s GM computers on a 1986 Corvette. Just move on, you will get over it quickly.
Tannerite it
2:06:55 mark; I felt that in NY! Done it so many times.
I bought a 1989 Cadillac Allante it kept knocking the computer out so I did the smart thing I give it away😊
What a heap of crap
Engine swap..............
I was thinking that most Mechanics who were trained to work  on this Masterpiece of a Engine would be kinda dead now . We knew if someone pulled into the Dealership wanting to trade a 8/6/4 Engine Caddy the sales force would run
Man that was a good 👍
This is the first time I’ve seen you this frustrated
Never thought I'd see terminator broccoli injection on this channel. Gives me a lot of hope though since I happen to be installing a 4.6 TBI into my 70 Camaro.. Why you may ask? its free and I spent all my cold snack money on.. well.. cold snacks.
YES keep the car ' cut all the haywire out and replace with a holly setup
OMG your funny when you're working on the carburetor.😂😂😂
Nothing like getting a car running in a controlled shop sponsored by OReilys along with a camera person. Prefer the “original” Vice Grip without all the setup situations.
taking the muffler out. that is how they make grits. and fix your starter.
Bet you thought them guys stealing catalytic converters had it easy. 😮
Officially your greatest video ever… you calm cool interactions 😆!
Bro I was in tears watching you fight that muffler. Love the content.
My Dad had a 1984 Bro-ham 8-6-4. Engine blew at 50,000. Caddy paid 1/2 of the new engine.
I knew two people that bought cars with this engine.  Both burned them for insurance.  One left his keys in the ignition.
put another engine in you have a really nice car
Sale it
Demolition derby that thang!
You were absolutely correct about 30 minutes in: that car IS possessed! What part of coupe' DEVIL(e) don't you understand?  But, I really felt for you, chasing electrodigital gremlins like that will drive you insane!  Even if you do happen to find a new computer, there are so many sensors and solenoids that something else will go wrong every 10 minutes. I wonder how an LS would look under the hood :)
Carb swap. I got chills from the nightmares that system was plagued with from factory. Find the engineer that designed that thing while hitting the pipe have him fix it. That system was starting to bankrupt Cadillac
They used to put that engine in the Seville, not only crappy its was butt ugly.
I had 1of them engines. I hurried  up and swapped it with a  Oldsmobile 307
I just noticed you have someone working the camera now lol...
That muffler fight was EPIC 😂😂😂
Coupe De Ville started in 1949 continued as long as they made two doors in the 80s
I kinda figured when that brake drum took off, that was gonna be the only part of the Caddy to get close to the door under its own power. Great video even if you didn't get it lined out. 😁
A short drive and a high cliff...........😁
Can't believe you even attempted this one! I could feel your pain serval times in this vidio. Nice car though. Carbed Small block and 700 r4 is only thing makes sense for this on, tho me anyway. Thanks and good luck!
🥴 That's some frustration right there. Lovely car tho, deserves to be rescued. Toss the horrible electrics in the bin and slap a carb or a proper modern efi on it.
i would like to see it go thru a crusher
I was afraid we weren’t going to get a video this weekend. Thanks so much Derek for all you do.
That car is a perfect example of why I never buy the 1st version of anything.
I would love to see you change that crappy 4/6/8 out for another great engine like a Northstar!
I’ve never been so stressed out watching one of these videos. I’ve been in these situations before and I felt I was right there stressing with you
Carb swap resale
I noticed the mice ate the hood pad
I don’t believe an exhaust system could be so hard to remove, but I have to because I’m looking right at it!
Hey! I used to live in Livingston, Tennessee! Nice place!
Don't forget the tannerite
User Feedback: I don't think I've finished one of your episodes in a few months. The 1+ hour productions are way too long for this platform and I have so many subscribed channels that I never remember to finish them, and the site rarely suggests the vid to continue watching. I'll try to watch this, but I have things to do so definitely won't be able to in one sitting, so tbh it will probably be lost in the ether too.
The pre cursor to the DOD we know and love! Had a baby blue 77 coupe Deville with the white top and the pleather to match. She had the 425 in er. I miss you Sue😢
Coupes ended in 1993
Safety glasses are a must hav.e...
I knewe it would end like this.  I don't doubt your skills for one minute..  It's just the car.  A big basket of problems.. and sitting for a while just makes it worse.
Old school big block swap
Car was a freakin nightmare. Brorher had one and it stayed in the shop until he sold it. Not a great idea. Engineering blooper.
Hello. I have seen many carbs with red residue inside. I'm sure it is/was from Exxon fuel. Exxon fuel seemed to have red dye in it.
It IS dead Jim! Valiant effort Derek.
Crush it! I've done similar and also installed a remain computer. Still the old caddy refused to come to life and burn cleanly. Never have I ever wanted to forget a car more than that caddy, well maybe a corvair...
Disaster....NIGHTMARE
Who in the devil was filming??!!  A guy was getting dizzy watching
Who is running the camera
Since you already have a Betty White, how about calling this one Vanna White? You know, cuz it's from the 80s and high maintenance. 😂  Also can we help Derek out with more views and merch sales for the hospital bills he is about to acquire with a lung infection from all the trash he just inhaled. Claude have mercy.
The strange thing is.... the system DOES work!  Whatever GM did was nearly a functional system but I'm sure the accountants won every argument.    In the early 2000's, an electronic genius friend of mine bought one of these for his mom.  We all thought he was crazy as we all thought these cars were garbage.  Well, he went through every single system in that car; cleaning contact points.... replacing every capacitor, resistor, IC chip with MODERN (at the time) pieces.  It took him about 6 months but when he was done.... Oh Mylanta... that was probably the nicest running V8-6-4 Cadillac EVER.  His mom loved the thing and drove it until the early 2010's.... when the rust finally began to win.  I believe they still have it though. Last I heard, it's still in their barn because while the body is literally falling off the frame, the engine/trans combo still runs like brand new.
Derek has a great sense of humor
Your main mistake was putting  the fire out at the end
They sucked the day they came out.
i could taste that muffler lol
Loved Whiter than a Celine Dion concert. Funny man you be, Derek
My this episode was full of lot of suprise and lot of chuckles..  Though I feel for you this car talk about caddy failure they sure did a number on that design my God yikes lol
Don't let it beat you Derick, you have a reputation to uphold....😊
Lmao SELL IT
Do the smart thing like you did in the Delorean, LS swap, or sac swap, or 1600cc Volkswagen swap.
Sell it.
A day later then usual is better than no vgg at all!! Thanks Derek,  was starting to have VGG withdrawals 😂
I think you need about 50 lbs of Tannerite to make the Caddy fly like bird. Fun watching anyway. Thanks...
I think a carb conversion will most definitely cure the gremlins in the God forsaken 8-6-4 debacle. Return to just big block carb sanity 👍🏻🤙
ELECTRICAL NIGHTMARE EDITION IS WHAT MY FRIEND CALLS HIS
I had the same problem with a 91 k2500  with a TBI. the dump of fuel is the temp sensor (not sending unit) when they go bad it tells the computer it is -80 degrees and adds extra fuel .replaced mine and worked perfect.
16:26 Derek sounds just like ricky from tpb
Shew.. That was almost painful to watch you dealing with that mess! You definitely have perseverance!! Lol
I think demolition derby the Cadillac
Carb swap
Derek, thank you for the entertainment that you have provided all of us over the years. I hope you and your family have a wonderful Christmas. Not sure if this helps but I have had a couple of different gm TBI vehicles, neither were an 864 system though. Both vehicles had major fueling issues exactly like the caddy and both were solved by replacing the engine coolant temperature sensor. The sensor on both had failed in a way that they were reporting extremely low temps to the computer, around -50F. The computer was demanding an extremely high injector duty cycle and would flood the engine. Not sure if you even plan on working on the car again but I hope if this comment finds you it helps you out. Good luck on your next adventure. Always looking forward to your next video.
Fighting with that muffler made me giggle. Way to show it who's boss.
I had a 1993 Ford tempo that had those stupid seatbelt. I hate them. 11:39
A feller might just need a little camera steadier upper there
That needs a 572 blown nitrous fed big block!   Make it do burn outs!!   ;)
What's this going and buying new cars. That thing looks like u took it from the dealer floor😂. Is this Vice Grip Garage?? Do you even know what to do with a car like this?
Coolant temp sensor is bad, that's why it's so rich.
Could it be a bad ground between block and frame?
Derek do us all a favor and remove the old engine and replace it with a LS engine
😳👎🏽 BARRY WHITE …?  BETTY’S MO BETER 😎 After 46 commercials (4 @ time) IDK WTH are you trying to do? Please wear Safety Goggles. 🎄🙏🏼
I wouldn't take that thing home if I were you!  It's obviously possessed by demons!!! ( maybe if you did an exorcism first? ).
Many frustrations came out on that muffler - it gave Derek a run for his money 😂😂😂😂
Love VGG, love the Caddy, dont like the camera man one little bit.
Early 80s GM products, you should've known you were in for a nightmare.
It needs to live with a carb. It’s a beautiful car! Definitely a goin to town rig.
I love the holy fuel injection, replace the fuel injection with the holy system. You've always had really good success with that.  Derek, no matter how bad it gets. You always seem to keep a pretty good attitude and you're funnier than hell!   I about peed my pants when that back brake drum came off and rolled across the floor. Keep up the good work I love the videos.
Yessss.....👍
Perfect canadate ...LS SWAP
I must fastforword. Did u send it 2 the crusher?so many good old ones you could work on!  1972 and older is the tickit!
I'll trade u a 86 Ford F-150 for it
I'm just imagining the health and safety suit at O'Reilly's coming back to work on Monday to an inbox full of links to this video. 😂 He'll hit the roof. Great work Derek, loved every minute of it.
Don't buy p.o.s. cars.  They sucked at purchase
Derek, you are one heck of a mechanic!  Getting that thing running, you can fix anything.
LS swap it and you will be good
one of those cars that needs to be jumped off that big hill in alaska.
Woo hoo I can. Love your videos brother !
eBay has the bumper fillers. Definitely worthy of an LS swap or SBC of the same year It is way tidy and deserves a redemption round with a heart transplant
LS swap
La swap
1:05:43 feel like a couple of cheap masks might be a good investment. Keep the hantavirus at bay
Can I make comments yet
Never underestimate the power of a coolant temp sensor on gen 1 efi. Car probably thinks its -40
Derick you’re a car musician!
So mice moved the insulation from under hood to inside exhaust?  They went in and out of the tail pipe?
The joys of 80’s EFI.   Makes you long for the days of Stromberg carbs.
There are two types of TBI, and both result in a headache.
I had one of those in 1990. Mine worked great. In 4 cyl mode it got 28 mpg on the highway. The computer control on the dash allowed you to lock in the cylinder mode.
That Caddy is too tidy to not do anything with. Option one, rip off everything on the top of the engine. Toss the the 8-6-4 management system and fit some sane looking valve covers and replace the injection with the Holley system. Opton two, LS swap! Oh, and you can get fiberglass fillers to replace those missing plastic body fillers in the rear.
A fella wonders if there was a way to bypass the old cpu and switch to that holley efi system you used before I'm no mechanic just a loyal watcher...so put the boss hog horns on it and ls swap turbo supercharger a maker that dip and do lots of donuts with boys for new years thanks for the videos and laughs
Motor swap after you get Betty White back on the road again. Much better Cadillac.
You gotta fix it, cause I want to know what the issue is!! lol
Next time please get a recipracating cordless saw! And start wearing safety glasses! It pained me watching you wrestle with the muffler! And a mask might be a good idea!
The old 3 5 7 as we called it in the dealership.  These things were horrendous.
Worked on some old Cadillac eldorados but they didn’t have that stupid system on them, one was converted to tpi instead of the efi that came on it. Would be cool to see how this one is done with that conversion
That was the funniest things I've seen accidentally caught in tape by a guy at his wits end, undefeated until now, he's on the ropes and the wheels are literally falling off! I'm laughing out loud Derek, sorry dude u look as close to miserable as I've ever seen
This is my absolute favourite VGG content, love this.
For Pete sake just put a carb on it and be going to town all ready
Big block, Five speed, And mud tires.😮
pretty sure the mouse houses were constructed from the hood insulation. 😉 OMG...spit my wobble pop all over the mancave @ 2:03:10 ....priceless!
I owned a 1979 S de V. The nicest car I ever owned.
Convert it to old school, make the all the goodies work. It has an HEI so shouldn’t be a problem.
FYI, love the super long episodes.Also, I always wanted to know if the stories about that engine were exaggerated. They were not. Looked painful, but now we know, and point made. Now I say rip out all the 8 6 4 stuff, put a carb on it and some nice sounding exhaust and you'll have a new and improved 8 6 4 minus the 6 and the 4. Problem solved. You're welcome.
Alternator voltage
It's on fire....we're done haha
Isn't that the same TBI as the 88-98 CK trucks?
We watched you put a Hemi in a Chevy truck.  Why not a 460 Ford in a Cadillac?😂
Get it running however you have to. Demo derby it.  That thing should not be on a public road.  Hahah
Another awesome vid but I felt like a feller was reconsidering his career choices in life 4 or 5 times at least! Thanks for all you do to entertain us!
I'd like 2 of those, one to crap on, the other to cover it up with.
Derek, I would name the car "Ghost Rider In The Sky".  Sell it $1,500 OBO.
Tanirite
You should have found a shop that had a lift in it so that you wouldn’t have had to lay on the floor of the shop
Derek you never fail to impress me and crack me up, but the best one I have ever seen was that drum taking off and took off like a peed off road runner and go flying across the floor barely missing the tripod, I laughed so hard I just about fell outta my chair, keep up the good work buddy...LMFAO!!!!!
Carb swap
Can you say demolition derby car lol
Take it to the new gun range Desperado Resort and have fun.
And you wonder why we were drank so much in the 80s 🤣🤣🤣
A feller could've LS swapped it in the time it took to get her running.
I laughed for 5 mins when the brake drum went awol!
How to fix a TBI. Step 1: Remove TBI and throw into trash. Step 2: Install a carb.
Cadillac are the biggest pyles of 💩.I had two of them in my day and both of them electrical fires 🔥. Sorry to say you just happen to have the biggest pile of junk  they ever made.. lol
A misses his normal upload day on Friday...but makes up for it with an ober teo hour episode on Saturday!! Wow cant wait to see this one. Many folks would of made this a two part episode and string the content out...not this guy. Why he is obe of the best and hardest working YouTubers out there!
The Celine Dion concert comment 😂😂❤
What to do with it???? How about 400lbs. Of Tanerite 😂
Ugliest engine bay a guy has ever seen 😳
trade it for the dart you saw!
Scrap.
Did I hear tannerite was an option?
😂😂😂my eyeballs are leaking...muffler...lol😅
Hey  I say u need a lift put in ur garage   it would  make things slot better
I think that old caddy needs to mellow out in the ambiance of rusty acres. Pull it back into your shop in a month or 2 and it'll come around for sure
02:02 here in the. Uk. Just in from a night out at a friend birthday party after some whiskey cold snack and now to watch 2hrs 20 minutes off VGG!! Gotta love it.
Neglected 😢 badly
There are 104,787 viewers in here, so if you haven't already, hit that like button.
it NEEDS Fuel injectors,,,,,,,,
Good attempt 👏.
just disconnect the wires that engages the V8-6-4 system, it will run fine. There are plenty of online discussion forums for help with this design.
Wrong caddy Derek
Did someone live in mud
Pull out all of the electronic emission junk, and the throttle body, and put a holly stealth in it.
Once I saw the 8  6  4 I just knew it was a hopeless cause!  You should have just saved a ton of time and massive headaches and just swapped the motor!
The engineer that designed that evil 8 6 4 system was an evil vile person that should have to pay every towing bill, shop and every person that had to touch one of those Frankenstein machines of horror!
Derek lookin to be shaving LBs drinking that AG1!
I'm still watching i'm at the point where you're putting the new fuel tank in.. It would be cool to see you build one of those gangster drag cars, not a donk but a donk whatever they are called in this bodystyle. It would be different, probably upset some, and might grab the attention of potential viewers. It defenetly is a cool car. It's interesting as a v4,6,8
LS swap
Probably need another computer
😂 maybe we should check the windshield washer fluid
I had one of those Motors in an Eldorado you can actually cross the wires over and make it stay on V8 so it is not kick down
I think you ought to rip out all that garbage and put a Holley EFI system on it. Good job at trying to bring her back but as all the comments say this thing is a big pile of crap. Good job Derek
Injectors?
Other then that really nice Cadillac now u can drive in style.. going to sell it?
Engine swap it
I watch your show all the time every day. I love those old Cadillacs. I had a Cadillac in the '70s
Him messing with the muffler broke my brain lmmfao it's exactly how I would've gone about ut omg I needed that. Plus now I know I'm not the only one
I don’t wanna see defeat on this one. Perhaps a new computer is all it needs. Idk.
My dad used to say that car ruined 10 years of his life no joke he spent so much money keeping it running he switched to Toyota after that
That Sucks👨🏼‍🔧 Just Say NO😬
You should call it Bob Barker. He was known to say that if you love what you do, you’ll never work a day in your life. And this car has probably never worked a day in its life.
Ls swap....
Throttle body injectors are $75 each at oreillys one injectors is like secondaries on a carburetor
26:10    Yep... the metal seat frame would rust itself together, and then blow the gear box when it attempted to move the stuck frame.   I always HATED cruising a parts car home, all balled up in the drivers seat, because of this fact... 😠
Take it to desperado resort to Matt and put it out on the new range and unleash some frustration on it.
One of the best episodes yet! Excellent effort! Really had me laughing 😅.. I said o2 sensor right before you mentioned replacing it. I'd do a carb kit for sure. 😊
I think a feller has a supercharged small block that would fit well in a two door Caddy
You can't see electrons computer cars are throw away .Will an old 472 fit the TH 400.
And they continue to build this Garbage 5.3 is the worst GM I've ever had.
Very cool 😎
Well it wasnt a friday night . But a Saturday still works great . Well I hope you get her going someday . It looks to be a sweet ride .
When you took the fuel  injectors apart. And took the adjustment nut out of the center of the in jectors and screwed it back in To the the injector Pintels, which are what meter the fuel and go up-and-down in the silenod which is the fuel injector. Thay   Have to be adjusted to a set point if they are too tight or too loose. They will stick or just pour fuel out of the injector
When you need to pull on something very hard, like, say a *cadillac* converter, find a ratchet strap.
12 valve cummins swap?
Do a carb swap, I have a TBI on my truck and thought about doing a carb swap, but I don't know how to do it
No worries Big Guy…you are not driving that yacht anywhere with the dead power seat in the Mickey Rooney position. Slap the tin back on her and donate it to the closest charity.  Life is too short for GM frustrations. 👀
I thought the turning point in getting that cattle rack running was the installation of the Triple True North air enhancers.  Apparently it was a deeper issue.  Sorry.
There has to be easier ways to punish oneself.
Put the holley efi on it. Man that car was getting on my nerves. Run then it wouldn’t then run again crazy.
And the same interior as the 87 Brougham. Wow they didn’t change much at all. I love consistency.
Just do a good old back woods 350 sbc swap on it.
It was such a bad idea Chevy tried a similar system on 2007 and 2008 Chevy Impalas with the 3.9 v6 and some V8s which disables some lifters.didn't,work out so will and discontinued after 2 years,I own one these and had trouble with the lifters and nobody makes replacements,So GM sells you kit to convert it to regular lifters that includes a new cam,the lifters  the oil pump and a oil block off plate.for $400.
From Derek’s presumed name of the previous owner, Earl, one can only assume a guy might be a Jimmy Buffet fan. If you know, you know.  Also caught the Officespace reference as well.
Oh those look like oldsmobile wire wheel cover to me 88/98
Put a four banger chevette motor in it
I think I saw this rig last week in Mtn Grove MO.  At the Midway!
"Body by Fisher".... Lived 20 miles from that plant in Marion IN... Fisher Body....have driven by it 10,000b times,,, Know a hundred people that worked there, its a tenth of what it was now,... sad, everything in Marion is gone, DANA, Foster Forbs, Essex wire, Ball, RCA... etc... all gone,,,,, rust belt IN....
You can also run an inline FPR to reduce fuel pressure.  They will run off one injector, by the way.
A guy hasn’t made it to the end yet but a shorted or open coolant temp sensor circuit in these cars or pretty much any older GM will cause them to over or underfuel like you wouldn’t believe
Clean interior. Insert LS motor of choice. Insert Neil Diamond tape. Drive with giant smile on face for weeks.
had similar issues myself had to replace the computer tps sensor and the injectors and then it ran perfect. Also had the same click click sound randomly from the 8/6/4 system.
Couldn't wait to get off work !
You definitely would make a terrible catalytic converter thief 😂😂😂
Derek, you are my Hero! That thing was scary, I was afeered for you! Amazing what a bit of knowledge, some patience, and observation can accomplish! You sir, get an A-1 ATTABOY!
@34:32 Bless You
Dump it, sell it, get your money invested out.
TPS Reports lmao… gotta love a good Office Space reference 🥹
As far as the gas tank goes Bradley fuel line with a fuel filter is in line probably on the passenger side railing you can put it in external tank hope this helps you
Dude you wrestling with the muffler was the funniest thing I've seen in a long time!  I was laughing my butt off!  Showering your beard in sparks was hilarious!!  LOL
I'm a store manager for O'Reilly, I recognized that room immediately.
Thank you so much for the laughs in this episode. I about lost it when the wheel drum rolled across the floor. Hubby said to tell you he felt your pain, as a mechanic he spent many years working on old cars because that is all we could afford. Sometimes nothing went right like the issues you were having. Frustration compounds the issues. You did your best and sometimes it just doesn't come together. Better luck next car😅
Forecast for O'Reilly's studios...........foggy, I can't stop laughing.
I feel your pain! Few years back I resurrected grandpas 79 Grand Marqis that had some weird computer controlled carburetor. It of course failed and after fighting with it just like you fought this Cadillac I went to the wrecking yard and got a carb, distributor, and ignition module out of an old thunder chicken. Really made that 351 come alive and never had any more issues with it. Moral of story...Carb it!
Put a carburetor on it
As a 35 year mechanic I want to say that I admire Derek for messing with that aggravating thing. RESPECT!
Tannerite makes it all better.
RIP muffler has me diein 😂
great episode.the cameraman doing great job
1:59:04 "gonna go ahead and pour some new clutches in......."
So fresh you don’t need a breath mint
Call the derby guys , they will take good care of it
You know the project is off to a great start when the parts list is: oil, filter, sparkalators, old priest, young priest, holy water, the summoned spirit of Lee Iacocca, and a solid distraction for O'Reilly's insurance adjuster!
Derick thank you! You made me laugh! We need this more than ever in America! So thank you!😊
LOVED MY 73 NOVA SS 350 CHEVY SB AFTER I PUT IT BACK TO 1969 SPEC..GOT RID OF ALL THE AIR PUMP CRAP AND HOSES AND WIRES,,, NEW 650 HOLLEY   ///////////
Green goblin 😊
Why didn't you just put 2 new injectors in it as well as a throttle position sensor and temperature sensor for the computer.. TBI is the absolute easiest to work on.. I'm actually surprised you no nothing about them. I live in Canada next door to Detroit.  I couldn't get the two injectors here in Canada anymore for some reason. So we had one auto parts store that actually brought in all there parts from the states. They got me my two new injectors and rebuild kit. I couldn't believe how simple the TBI system is.. there's basically two injectors and a factory fuel regulator. That's it.. no floats or needles or pilot jets or anything a carb has or tons of wiring you have with the new injection systems
Perfect LS swap
That's a nice shop! That must be where those raises I never got went to when I worked for O'Reilly.
Was the camera man Micheal J. Fox?
Wait, we got a camera man! Someone is getting al fancy up in here.
GM and DOD have never been best friends.
Work on it do a carb on it
Oh my! That fire at the end scared me! I'd love to see a carb swap done.  It's too sweet of a car to not do something.
A friend of mine actually did a template to 3d print the rear bumper material at the tail lights. They fit perfectly on his 87 Brougham. Wondering if they are the same. I sent him your video so he can get a hold of you to try them. He printed his from some flexible PLA and sanded them smooth.  Couldn’t tell they were 3d printed after painted.  He can probably do the fronts too
Use a tripod. Nothing worse than unstable camera work.
Derek, safety glasses, please. A rusting piece of metal in the eye is not fun.
Worst engine GM ever made. Not worth anything
Big D, you are the man for the job… well…. It looks good on paper anyway….
Engine swap, big block
All I hear and see is derby car when that thing fires up 😂😂😂
Glassback and carb
I think this a good candidate for a fix and sell.   Obviously, there are things with this caddy outside your toolbox, but a great place to learn from.  I think new brakes, fix the carb issue and flip it.   I think you have another episode here to flip the Caddy.  IMO.   I suppose a fella could pull out the entire mess and run with a straight carb system.   but would take a lot more work.
Awesome video, it makes the failed fuel pump, blown radiator hose tps failures of this week seem like nothing lol
Old School is the only way to go
This is my dream car. I wish to own one before it’s too late..  I’ll be 40 next month 😞
Goggles are your friend, Derek.
Holly sniper upgrade,,, rip all that other crap off you arnt in California !  And you got a good start on a new exhaust system too.   .. win win
Put a 454 bored to 468 in there, and you can keep the badges!
1:14:12  "Very politely asked if you could shut er down for the night"  😂🤣  I wonder if it had anything to do with the continual bashing on that stubborn exhaust delete🙄  Fun times 😠
Derek, please consider wearing more PPE equipment.  We want you around a long time
The only TBI vehicle I ever had, had a similar issue. It just dumped fuel....it turned out to be a temperature sensor. The computer was getting a signal telling it. it was subzero outside....so naturally it threw ALL the fuel at it....the sensor solved the issue. It may be worth looking into. Thanks for the content....
A for effort.....dump it in a lake. GREAT video Derek!!!!!!!!!
When are you gonna learm!!!???      Everything will work much gooder when you turn your hat around!!!   😁
Ls swap it
This Caddie is possessed! Good name for this Chevy ( Casper the Caddie) 😂
Man o man, Derek needs a vacation after this basketcase!
I make sure the next county can hear me sneeze as my father before me.
Con the pooper into reprogramming beep book’s!!! POS’S FOR A SALE!!!
lol my friend owned one of these cars his opinion of that engine was and I quote. "that thing is not worth the gunpowder it would take to blow it to hell."  He bought one with a normal engine to replace it as it was in the shop more often than on the road. I love the Drumming up business brakedown :D
Park that caddi in Martinsburg WV for a day or two, someone will delete on that cadillac convertible for you
Who won the 73 ?
I don't often LOL watching YouTube videos, but watching Derick "Arnold" that muffler genuinely made me chuckle.
Good Lord that was a fight ! Thank you Derek for a banger of an episode ! We defenitelty need Part 2 with Carb swap ! This car is in magnificent shape and should be brought back to life with a proper bleep-bloop machine deletege !
Is this car related to Betty White maybe her nephew
Well, I guess I gotta believe it, because I'm looking right at it... Nearly 2 and 4/8s hours of Derek on a Sunday morning at work...Way too much? Nope, perfect! Always a great start to the day! Thank you.
i vote no to the new camera work
Watching you struggle with that engine reminded me of my 91 f150. For the last two years it gave me nothing but issues with the EFI. It ate through sensor after sensor leaving me stranded multiple times. I finally gave up and threw a carburetor on it and it’s been nothing but reliable. It was fantastic watching that drum take a hike
Did you guys have any tornado problems? Everyone OK?
Swap engine in it n have fun bbc? LS?? Sbc?? 4200 vortec…..
Man Derek you're way ahead of the game  They already took the fuel tank out for you so you can put it in the passenger seat😊 Ha ha ha love your videos keep up the good work Really enjoy  The will  it run and drive Such-and-such miles videos those are my favorite  And always super impressed of your knowledge of square bodies  I really think you are the man to do the fall guy  Tribute truck there's a few out there But you're the man
Ooohh I love those generation of Cadillacs big and beautiful
Sell it. Cut your losses and forget it was ever even a thing.
I was a muffler man for twenty years and the muffler removal part had me rolling on the floor big time … Derrick you’re the man !!!!  Thank you for all you do !!!!!!!!!
Carb swap all day.
That o’Reilly’s commercial is great
"a mahogany axe handle wrapped in wet wool socks".  now that's a freakin classic description of a smelly interior.
You are maybe a  year until you start farming crawling out from under cars
CARb
The hood latch release should read "Pandora's Box"...
Thank you Derek 🚗🚗🚗🚗🚗
I lost it watching him beat the hell out of the muffler. 😂
Springfield, I live right next to it, man we could’ve went out for dinner.
I wonder who is doing the camera thing
Man i had a 1990 Cadillac Brougham with the 5.7 essentially the same engine that was in  the silverado at the time. I miss that car SO much. It was beautiful and pristine, white with blue pinstripes and blue leather interior, white canvas top. Had a cigarette lighter (and ashtray) in all 4 doors plus one in the dash lol. That thing floated down the highway like driving the most comfortable couch you could imagine. I was a stupid kid and wound up trading it to a buddy for his ‘91 Honda Accord just because it had a 5 speed and exhaust and intake…. I’ve kicked myself ever since.   My grandparents bought it down in santa rosa, there was an old lady that would trade in her previous model for a new one every year at that dealership, so they got a decent deal on it, and it was brand new pretty much. So many good memories in that tank of a vehicle. Every time i see one i’m like ARRRGGGH i had one waaaaay nicer than that and i pissed it away for some regular traffic. Ya live and learn i suppose.
best tool i ever bought was an old obd1 snap on to be able to see the data from the computer in nice however you only have so many sensors controlling fuel you have a temp sensor you have a map sensor and a throttle sensor an your oxygen sensor now your mixture at start is controlled by temperature and the map sensor so in this case because the car is dumping fuel it has one of 2 sensors bad or the fuel injectors are just bad and flat out flowing to much gas i going to go with the check engine light and say the temperature sensor or the map sensor or both are bad making the computer just dump fuel with out knowing what the computer sees for temperature and the codes i can’t say but it’s very common on tbi for this type of running conditions when these parts are not working correctly or there’s a wiring or computer issues
car swapp. dodges some problems
My 2017 Ram has a similar system. It cuts out some of the cylinders on the highway. I have to say they made it much simpler now though.
i had a 78 coupe deville with a mint running 425 it was my favorite car even though it was canary yellow... but i loved it i would love to get my hands on a white one or black they are beautiful cars!!!
These cars were designed to be sbc swapped from the factory..
I had a 78 coupe deville.  It was mint green with mint green interior. Drove fof my senior year of high school. It was a great car
Totally lost interest , go back to the way you used to do videos
Ls swap.
I think the diagnostics are supposed to show on that sentinel screen that isn't working like my 87
2:02:10 - Who among us, my friends, hasn't been here?
LS swap!!
I’m definitely ordering that $45 hydrolock with my next Silverado!
If there was ever a case for a LS swap...
That wad at least 5 yrs of ur life gone...after that muffler
Oh man, crush and run.
my uncle bought one drove it home from the dealership and it never moved again for 10 years then he moved it to his back yard and it set there until last year when he moved from Tx to Az. he fought with a dealership they finally gave him his money back but never came and got it. now i don't know where the car is because the city tore his and about 10 or more homes down after he moved. the story goes on the way home it went from 8 to 6 to 4 and stayed there and the dealer wouldn't fix it. so it just set there. he said in 4 it wouldn't even untrack the car from a dead stop.
Is this Betty white 2.0?
Finally,  the real mechanic story!!
Love that car. But it needs a proper old school 572 ci.  With a Carb.  That’s my vote.
That's a weird one I never heard about the engine as well
Interested in buying it do you have a number it would look nice next to my 84 Cadillac
You were in my neck of the woods!  Springfield  is only an hour from me!
The tang is to insure injector spray pattern alignment.  Fuel injectors stuck open from the Phillips probing (I seem to be wrong on that...). 1:04:35 sounds like me under my car...  I really felt that, man.
2:03:10 was hilarious. I peed a little laughing so hard.
I worked for Cadillac as a district service manager when that car was introduced. In pre-release service meetings, it was well-known from the very beginning, that the 8/6/4 was planned to be a one-year-only engine. The big problem was the early Delco electronics. The MAP sensor was calibrated with too-close tolerances. If the engine hic-upped (backfired) it would shut down. There was no repair except to replace the MAP sensor. The bigger problem was replacement stock was the exact same part, and it took GM a while before an updated unit could be supplied. Dealers would disconnect the 8/6/4 feature, running it as an 8cyl only. The press had a field day. I inspected a limo in West Palm Beach, Florida, that the owner wanted all the interior chrome replaced. Someone had discharged a tear gas device inside the car that caused the damage ( the interior chrome pieces came from different suppliers, so it was impossible for all of it to be defective) and I denied the claim. It turned out the limo was owned by the owner of the newspaper 'The National Inquirer" (famous for stories like 'I got pregnant by an alien, etc.) They went on a HUGE hate campaign, smearing the vehicle, which only threw fuel on the fire. Those were tough times to be a Cadillac District Service manager.
I had no idea GM tried that all the way back in 81. They have tried this recently with the 5.3 in the silverados and its still junk.
I bust a gut when that brake drum came flying off!
The sparks in the face and muffler bashing had me laughing!
I saw one in the scrap yard years ago. Car was in great shape and I wondered why it was in there. Researched after and knew why.
Hey my home state I live in joplin missouri about 45 minutes south west of Springfield
I rebuilt the whole throttle body from my 88 Chevy pickup on my kitchen table at home.
Are u happy u paid money  4 that? I think no!
I'm at 50 minutes in.. This is the funniest video, I'm laughing so hard. I have no idea how you're going to make it home in this Cadillac, but I can't wait to see. Thanks Derek!
I'm glad this video came out on a Saturday instead of Friday. I had other obligations and was wondering if I missed the Friday VGG video.  And boom! Right on time!  Best TV on the web.
😂 hahahajajajajaj 🤣
I worked in a repair shop in the late 80s early 90s. These were one of the worst cars ever to plague our shop. They were terrible.
I wish I had the space to get an older vehicle. Unfortunately I have to share with a bunch of other people.
Just a thought, electronic fuel injection probably needs steady electricles
Haunted? No, this thing has more ghosts than ghosts busters would want to take on! You gave it a good shot!
Wait... who was the movable tripod?.. awesome camera work followin a feller around❤
Time to roll that thing in the nearest lake...im sorry Derek but that engine was junk...but you gave it a good try
Those bumper fillers still can be found in fiberglass instead of that plastic junk they used.
Sale it run far far away 😂🤣
Big block swap
One of my most favorite cars I ever owned was a 91 Fleetwood. Of course it didn’t have that system. I’ve had a lot of cars and it ranks right up there in comfortability with the late 70’s land yachts.
Derek has TATTOOS!!!!!
Take the 8-6-4- crap off put a regular fuel injected set up on it, get it runnin good and sell it, if I had the green I'd buy it fron ya, loved these 80's caddies they rode like a dream. Great video as always.
Holy man i couldn't imagine the work it takes to put together a edited 2 hour video your a good man sir
Good episode ... sell it
I'm an hour and 36 minutes in, what a fight, I have to see how this ends, will the caddy win, every step of the way it seems to be giving Derrick nothing but trouble, what a battle, loving this video. Don't give up Derrick, you got it on the ropes, nope, it's aggravating the crap out of you.
The ol 368 mill a feller has one of those in the pit of his garage. Been there from the 90's and I ain't pulling it up and out any time soon  unless I get a big boat that needs a big anchor 😂
I always get excited when I see a new video from your channel. Love your videos Derek!
Wow I could see Derek keeping his temper under control all video.
Glottis from Grim Fandango - that is the moment at 36:09
Gremlins
You say no earpro changing  that strap. But you also should have had eye protection too
Glad to know you aren’t one of them catalytic converter thieves that can get away with one in 20 seconds. 🚔
Now. Weenie roast😮.
I think You should take it back to where☠ You found it and pretend that We didn't see It! LOL
I'm pretty sure it had some plugs on the valve cover if you unplug them the car runs on all 8
Put an old reliable quadrajet on it, no dang computer!!¡
37:00 Derek looking like Mr. Incredible in the first car he owned.
My dang ribs and guts hurt from laughin so much 🤣 Thanks for another vidya full of gold!
I think you need a tetanus shot and the nearest crusher . lol
Lol I dog dare you to put a carb on there lol I love carburetors and I bet the would too ! Peace out
HEY !!! MY 91 prelude SI WAS my favorite car to this DAY
That noise .... The cat definitely swallowed the mouse !
The sporadic nature of the problem suggests a bad ECU.  Capacitors and stuff.  All the old EFI diagnostic manuals have "replace ECU" at the end after everything else has been tested.  At least you heard what could be.  What's possible.  Since it's set up for EFI, might as well go with aftermarket EFI.  Fuel pump and lines, O2 sensor,  etc., it's a drop-in.
Check the ground on the starter those old  Katty's the ground cable goes on one of the starter bolts as the ECU and everything ground I was just cutting my teeth when Those things were still on the road Had a couple came from other shops they replaced my starter are now cranks and won't start cause they didn't put the ground back on
must be one of those V8-6-4-2-0 engines!
Sell me the car!!!!!!
😂😂😂 My step dad had a 4/6/8 Eldorado when I was a kid. He named that thing every single 4 letter name besides Cadi 😂😂😂. But I tell you what. NOTHING says luxury like leather seats, 3 sweaty kids in the back in a Tennessee August, 98 degrees, electric windows stuck UP and a busted Air conditioner 😂😂😂.
You mite make it to my house.3hours due east Bonne Terre Mo.
Wow, you have more patience with that car than I would have. I'd drive that sucker into a ravine if I could find one and go find a 49 - 51 Ford to work on. Ah, the good old days of being able tol see, identify and work on engine parts.
Best episode ever! Nobody does it like Derrick!, 👍👍
this had a lot of "Start Ya Bastard" written on it.
Derek, they're not paying you enough brother
Did you think to check the high speed muffler bearing???
I had a got a 94 Chevrolet Silverado that was doing the same thing the wires on the injector was in the wrong I had to switch the wires around from one injector to the other injector and it fixed it
Hey that drum just went rolling by my house wow that was a quick 2,800 miles
Yeah apparently Gm didn’t learn anything they tried it again in the 2000-2023 in their pickup and failed once again
pull the fuse on the cylinder management. not a cadillac doctor
Simply the best YouTube channel there is. A guys out on the town, wetting the back neck, still watching. 🤷🏼‍♂️
“Right one is in a wheel chair and the left one is paralyzed “ 😂😂🤣🤣🤣🤣
Bank 2 spark plugs? C'mon Man!
at least he can afford to lose an eye i can't any more so be great full
I had laughed so hard when the drum rolled off you sure have a lot of patience with the Cadillac other people would walked away
BEST YT CHANNEL  HOURS WATCHING
_____________________________----- dame chip
Love you channel. My grandparents had the same car back in the early 80's. Drove like riding on a cloud, well, it did when the engine wasn't giving them problems. Nice to see this brought back from the dead.  The throttle body injector engineers are probably looking down on you hitting them flush with a dead-blow hammer saying, "he's doing it the same way we did".
Derek how many batteries have you bought in the past 5 years? Lol
If we don’t have ignition 😂
Looks like a job for a ramp truck..
That muffler almost won!!!!!!
Big block, Chevrolet, hot rod power tour
The Haunted Cadillac flung her shoe across the garage!  She don't wanna go anywhere.
O...O...O...O'Reilys:    Err, Derek.  You remember you said you would only need the work bay for                                          a day an a half, max?  Well that was two weeks ago.
The reason you had such a hard time removing that Cat is because you didn't have the correct tool. What you needed was a Mid-West Meth Head. They would have had it off in 30 seconds.
started watching this video and it had 900 likes, by the end it was 10k heh
I had an 1989 The computer NEEDS THE CHIP THAT CAME WITH IT - they may have lost the chip. Each chip good for only that car
The old Derek would just do a boat tank n got it fired up and away you go, pretending you don't see it, sorry but your leaning more towards the TV show and its not as funny as you used to be., i guess corporate got ahold on you now., seriously thinking about UNSUBSCRIBING!!!!!!!
That interior is beautiful I really miss my 77 coupe deville it was silver with red leather interior and it was my first car I drove it through high school I cried when it got totaled 😢 i bought and rebuilt a 500 cadillac engine for it it was wrecked before i finished the engine i still have the engine today its been 25 years and its my first engine i ever rebuilt
Gives me anxiety already. Dang.
Cams too big
still better than a carb, just saying.
Lol Celine Dion 😂 fookin' dyin' 🤣
I'm Fed up........Next scene Tonya in hand!!!!!
It's kinda cool watching a video that isn't self filmed. I'm loving it so far.
How do you get every car so cheap? I want to know!
You should ask O'reilly auto parts if they use their own starters and alternators to do work in their shop Cos 50% of the ones that I ever got were dead out of the box then  The 20 year old Goofy kid that answers the phone at a business by saying hello test them with no load On their starter  testing machine and says it works fine and it has a lifetime warranty Cause I don't know about most mechanics but I don't have enough time in my lifetime to warrant things On mine or my customers  Vehicles and don't get me started about their  Hydraulic brake parts osha should do an investigation Break and clutch master cylinders  out of the  Box Won't bleed out won't push any fluid  Break best? I work on mostly import cars and the import direct line at O'reilly's is pretty good House products  Their lifetime warranty should say how many times in your lifetime are you willing to replace this part.  But if you buy reman brake master cylinders from them You may not have that much time.  But if you bought one of their starters you won't have to worry about it. It won't start so you don't need brakes
And what a battle it was , these big old GM's will wear you out  !   The muffler removal was my favorite part , been there , done that !
My Dad worked for GM/ Cadillac, in Detroit MI and was always fond of the Cadillac Fleetwood Brougham.
Too many gremlins
All of the ones I seen were on the back of a towtruck..
I love your channel but I DO NOT get you choice in cars.  Except for vanishing paint and a few others. But cadi ? 😬🤮
Needs an LS swap 😉
Yikes,   it was only sitting 12 years.   He will just have to put a new fuel tank and fuel pump in it, right?
GM
I hope you're safe Derek & Family I just heard about the tornadoes that are ripping thru Nashville. Yall are in our prayers 🙏🏻
Derek's is the only channel I'll watch for 2 hours and 20 minutes.  This old beauty is ready for a different motor.
Carb swap
I love how throughout all the years the intro has remained mostly unchanged.
AV, MN. 10 Min in was pretty funny.
well you can't win all of them
Funny to hear the camera man laughing
Time for a LS swat
Ah, the ole 368c.i., 6 liter, V8-V6-V4 disaster of a Cadillac engine.   It was G.M.'s first foray into cylinder deactivation in order to gain MPGs.  The primative computer system would "decide" when the engine's load was low enough, and then it would deactivate 2 of the 8 cylinders to become a 4.5 liter V-6, and then when the engine's load was even less, and the car remained at a steady cruise for long enough, it would drop two more cylinders and become a 3.0 liter 4-cylinder.   The engine would deactivate the cylinders by using oil pressure directed to a special port going to the lifters, and it would then allow the lifter to detach from the pushrod cup, and allow the lifter to still ride up and down on the cam, but NOT move the pushrod up and down, and hence the valves on that cylinder would not open and allow that cylinder to function.   Compression would still happen on that cylinder, and the compression would act like a spring to balance out the engine and attempt to keep weird vibrations and misses from being felt by the driver, but with no fuel in that cylinder it would not fire.   The deactivation system was very troublesome on these vehicles back in the day, and with MOST of these cars, the system ended up disabled by G.M. because it caused too many issues.  You can disable the system, and the engine will remain in 8 cylinder mode all the time, by simply disconnecting the black wire that connects up to the transmission, right above the pan rail. This black wire tells the computer when the transmission is in 3rd gear, and controls when the deactivation happens. By disconnecting this wire, the ECU will never receive the signal that the car is cruising in 3rd gear, and then it won't attempt to deactivate cylinders. It will NOT activate the check engine light, or throw a code either. You can disconnect the wires going in to the tip of the valve covers to deactivate the system also, but then you'll get the engine light and code.  Good luck with that beast, Derek..🤙 🍻
At 1:47 minutes. This is why Derek doesn’t like to work on the digical cars.
"Whiter than Celine Dion concert". LEGENDARY. 🤣🤣
LS Swap
The teeth in the plate is fouled or missing
I don't like it. I don't like the cameraman I don't like the nervousness I don't like the professionalism screw that O'Reilly shop go back out in the field like the old times pretty please!
Hey you should have gotten a tweaker to get that cat off for you. They'd would have had it off in about 5.2 seconds!😂
Omg....I'm crying 😂.  I wanted to mentally transport you a Sawzall to get the muffler off. Thanks for the laughs
Hmmm..I was a wet behind the ears tune up technician starting out in '84 when these cars were just aging out of their dealership lives and moving into the realm of independent garages...saw more than a few of 'em. Spark plugs are actually pretty simple on these, you jack 'em up and go in thru the wheel well with a 3 foot extension.. The 4-6-8 had a piss poor rep and a lot of jokes were made, but I honestly don't recall them being any worse than any of the other barges GM was hustling in that era.. I moved on from the tune up shop to a local Pontiac/GMC/Toyota(?) dealer in '87, one of the bodymen there had one, and it lived well into the nineties, had a few hundred K on it as I recall..rode like a cloud, handled like an ore freighter..
Cant believe you used the truck as a work bench wirh buffable paint
Where are your safety glasses???
Missouri gonna leave a bad taste in your mouth 😏 sorry, I live in northwest Missouri
Man you have balls of steel. I wouldn't touch that one with a 32.5' pole.
brother I been anxiously waiting all week for this
Should of just sent it to the crusher 😂😂😂
If they brought this back we’d definitely have better technicians in our dealerships.
Mr. Derek, I recall a time, that even if you were being held at gunpoint ....you wouldn't have bought a fuel injected vehicle...LOL. Times they are a changin.
At least you made the valiant effort to get the machine running for a bit Derek. Just too many wiring problems and the gerbil in the abacus computer died. I think the engineer who designed that one-year engine setup was experimenting with drugs at the time, got popped with a random whiz quiz, and was fired. Took his design with him.
How much do you want for it Derek? I'd ;ove to have that old boat!
The size of that hood is just massive
That’s muffler fight had me rolling 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 that’s the funniest thing I’ve ever seen you do. Hilarious !!!!!
Just pull that enging, do a lil snip snip to the digicals and pull the heads to get rid of all that crap. Get some new heads and throw it back in! Then ya got a nice driving caddy!
SPARKALATORS... Write it how you say it 👌 I love it 😂
not caddy hubcaps those are mid 80's full size olds caps
Cadillac have and always will be garbage... No matter what years
I'd look at all that stuff underneath the hood and I'd say replace it all with a 350 or whatever engine would go good with that car.
Derek's new nickname is Bam Bam
Was that battery bad the whole time?
It’s funny to see someone doing the camera work… Shout out to the camera man for never laughing at Dereck!
I would like to see the tannerite idea! 😂😂😂
A feller can only say one thing after all of that; this car would be a great candidate for an LS swap. 😂😂
My uncle always told me he would put a HEI out of a truck and it would work
Thought and prayers buddy!
Bought a 84 four door, white, with white leather interior, from a "buy here, pay here" dealership for $1500 AROUND 2000. Believe it had the HT4100 in it. Never had any major problems. Beautiful car, always got compliments. Eventually put a two pump, six battery setup on it, and drove it everywhere. Sold it about ten years later. Loved that car. Often dream about having fifteen extra minutes to drive her around again. Cadillacs like these will hold a special place in my heart. Thanks for the video.
This is the style i love for demo Derby's. They work great after u figure out there weak points
I always loved working on cars... but refused to to exhaust. lol
Lube your o-rings
O'reilly added production "value".  old skool VGG is always more gooderer
It is running because it was in 4 cyl phase..........hahahahaha!!!(intial start)
You can get new injectors for the TBI motors. They come with the install kits, each in a plastic toilet paper tube. Good luck, cant wait to see how this one ends
Derek, you really had your work cut out for you on this one.  I could tell you were super frustrated at times.  Cheers buddy. 🍻
What a nightmare Derek , bet you wished you never opened the bonnet on that fantastic GM product, get a Ford 😮😢😂 , cheers for your hard work mate 👍🇭🇲have a cold beer after that effort 😉
I don’t know what was better/worser, that terminator broccoli injection fiasco or the muffler removal.
Your driving me crazy on this 9be.😮
Funniest thing I've seen in a while, is when that brake drum went Rollin 😅
Alright well worth the wait, may as well get a cold snack and get comfortable
"Seems Fine" 🫣🤣
Scrap that caddy, those engines were junk when new.
2 hours and 20 minutes and it’s a failure?  Sweet. Thanks
Derek needs a creeper for Christmas
You tried so hard but it just picked your butt Derick. If I was you, I would sell it. Sorry but that's the way I feel. Unless you know a mechanic that serviced 81 Cadillacs, I don't think your going to win
Trailer it home and put a carbureted engine in it. It is a nice looking car and pretty good shape. No wonder they discontinued that engine.
LMAO on the muffler removal. Glad to know someone else has shared in the experience. 🤣😂🤣
Prime candidate for one of them LS swaps I think!
Derek slowly going mad  support group for self taught mechanics.
So meany advertisements
Betty White  II
Your videos are awesome. I think everyone ends up using a hammer to remove something
I had one of these and it drove nice but it was a nightmare for fixing it always is the plate that turns the engine
This car is fighting u. 😮
LS SWAP WITH A 6 SPEED
Drop a small block in it!!
Those engines were terrible, even if they ran perfectly they had no horsepowers
I was in the NAVY with the guy that invented and sold Cadillac the patents for that motor! They paid him $13 million for it. Then their "engineers" completely redesigned and ruined it. It was a solenoid controlled valve and timing system (Genius Stuff!) but not originally designed to shut off cylinders selectively, and hence RUINED among other mistakes or over complication....
Thats the first time ive seen you puzzled and annoyed. To be fair, this is how i would imagine most of the cars you rescue to behave like. I cant belive it took so long to get a bad one. Stick to carbs i guess. 🤔
The inside looks like the lounge rooms of my parent's friend's houses, I visited as a boy in the 70's...
O no what a pos😅
Think this was Rodney Dangerfield old caddy from Caddy Shack
Man a methhead could have that cat out in 30 sec or less
As a Black Man I perfer the Pontiacs.
The displacement-on-demand system was disabled on most.  My mom's friend Di had a big old white Biarritz with the same system.  It was an extremely smooth car and super luxurious with a great ride but the cylinder deactivation system was herky-jerky or just didn't work.   The TBI system is NOT the same as the later GM V8 TBI's, but it's much better than the early system used on the early fuel-injected Sevilles.  A four-barrel will swap on easily or better yet a Holley Sniper EFI.
I owned two 81 Cadillacs back in the day both were 864 and both had the computer clipped so they stayed on 8 cyl  and honestly they both ran amazing after that and I still miss both of them thirty years later.   I hope you get to enjoy that coupe as a going to town rig asap
Despite this 8-6-4 system being such a disaster when it came out, the concept was so revolutionary that all automakers (including Zee Germans) ran with the idea and it is extremely common even in today's cars.  Once it was perfected, it was very common to get upwards of 30 mpg out of a V8 in a full size car.  I give GM a lot of credit for trying, but a lot of grief for rushing it to production too soon.
LOL when the brake drum came apart and the camera just pans back to derek laughing his ass off
My favorite song..."Crossthread is better than no thread..."
Right blinkers in a wheelchair left ones paralyzed.. dammit Derek spit my coffee out laughing at that comment!
Funny one.
Those big interior lights are so as to stop a mischief when leaving the country club after consuming one or ten shirley temples too much. Don't want to soil your leisure suit afterall..
This might be Vanna White
EGR valve. I do not know if it is the problem but it is a problem. I noticed it is un hooked.
LS it  👍👍👍👍👍
Pull that junk and put 454 in!
Yep first car I ever drove was a 1962 Cadillac sedan de ville. couldn’t hardly see over the dashboard back then but I really enjoyed driving that big ole gray battleship while I had the opportunity. quite a experience for a 12 year old I’d say. made memories to last a lifetime.
Fun fact from the what the heck is wrong with this TBI archive in my brain. The wiring to the injectors matters, JUST enough to screw with you. Had an OBS chevy that REFUSED to rev over 2500RPM, ran perfect, but flat wouldn't go over that mark. I checked for governors, every sensor imaginable, then I got the bright idea that someone put the injector wires on backwards. Sure enough, backwards, swapped them and it ran perfect.
This is just a thought 1994 chevy 454 had tbi injection wonder if you can use the tbi and ecm maybe have to wire the ecm to work. Well probably easier to carb swap it.
The wheel covers look like they are off an Oldsmobile.
Old school motor swap..that thing is a boat anchor
Derek, you really know how to spoil us. These videos are always great.
Should have put a switch on the battery, easier than wrenching on it every time. 😂
Coolant sensor reading wrong will cause it to dump fuel. If it is telling the computer it's thirty nine degrees below zero, It will dump tons of fuel. I was working at a cadillac dealership when these cars came out.
Finally an LS swap I can get behind
I saw a Chrysler Engine ( 1981 ? ) full size , had an Engine that looked like a T.V. with TUBES, No Joke, we kicked it out! RICHARD PETTYS…
There are adjustments on the trunk hinge torsion springs to get the trunk lid to self support.
Looks like a fuel pump diaphragm on a boat motor fuel pump.
Body is in good shape, engine is low miles, the carb swap idea isn't bad. Even the TBI may be salvageable if you can prune out the excess technology. Can you find a computer for a car that old?
Ya gotta grease up them injectolater o rings.
I am the caddy daddy!!!  Love this stuff
Feel for you but never worked on an engine like this
I'm 15 minutes in and I'm going to have a panic attack! That engine bay is horrendous! I'd rather work on my neighbors Kia than that thing.  Can I suggest swapping a 350 in to this thing???
Can’t believe they let you in there shop without adult supervision man.. but glad they did.. 👍🏻
Happen to have an old 396 hanging around?
Thanks to O’Reilly’s.     Good. Job
I use to drive a 1979 Cadillac Sedan Deville when I was 20 😂 it was a boat had 120 K miles on it but got me from point a to b for 4 years then I killed it and got a Buick Regal with a 454 big block barley fit under the hood what a mess that car was. Love your videos your awesome
You gave it your best…
My dad got one of these the timing had plastic gears.
I don't know if this is similar to how the computer-controlled carburetors worked in the 1980s, but I remember that my 1981 Buick Electra with the Olds 307 and a computer controlled Quadrejet would dump fuel when the O2 sensor was plugged in because the catalytic convertor was missing, and they designed some of their systems to rely on the backpressure that the convertor provided. When I put a convertor back on, it started fueling much more reliably.
Summit sells a tbi rebuild kit for those they're not expensive.
Brother, I am sick as a dog, in bed, miserable, and every time you make me laugh, I get another coughing fit. Keep up the good work. At least if I pass, it will be with a smile on my face. If I pass tonight, play 864 in the daily lottery in honor of my final entertainment.  Edit: Damn, I woke up, went back for my favorite part, where you drive it home and philosophize on life and LS swaps, only to find that the old great grandstepmother of the Northstar System/Succubus dashed the hopes and dreams of yet another man to whose life it was destined to force a reassessment of his love for GM's "Cadillac" of land yachts and reinforcement of his instinctive wariness of anything concerning computers from 1981. In the end, you can be thankful you have your health, family and know a guy with a flatbed. Motor Easy Brother. Happy Holidays
"Whiter than a Celine Dion concert" Classic.
sounds like the converter is plugged.
I believe we all learned how not to steal your neighbors catalytic converter in the middle of the night. 😂😂😂
I'm just glad it wasn't a ford this time.🤣
That "Dad" sneeze was Grade A feller 👍 Thank you for the Great content
52:46 didn't you forget the metal rings, that you took out?  nice that you have a camera-feller/-fellette now btw. it's really a differnet level, thanks!
Cross thread is better than no thread.......
junk it or put a carb on it
So Derrick has a camera person now! Where is he at?
Awesome as always!
broccoli injected. Too, too funny
carb swap!
How long is this wagon? it looks about 16ft +
Springfield mo. Holy crap you was only 60 miles from me and you didn't stop by .😂😂😂😂😂
That’s crazy muffler
This video seems.......... like to much of a tv show to me. I don't know. Didn't feel the same to me. First time i ever gave one of your videos a 👎.
You wouldn't be a very good catalytic converter, thief.
1:09:35. Find you a local tweaker, he'll have that cat off in ten seconds
the computer just needs new capacitors
Hey Derek, you didn't put blinker fluid on your list.
Next time buy a Diesel !!!😅😅😅
Hei and carb remov all wires but necessary
I love the way the injectors was just spraying the house down lmfao
Seem like fuel pressure regulator could still have issues. I’d check fuel pressure.  Then also look at the engine temperature sensor and throttle position sensor as well.
Does anyone realize how many but whole balloons of smackthat converter must be worth? The converter thieves are alot faster with removal😂
Thank you Derek I've been suffering from depression and anxiety since I lost my job on Wednesday and have been struggling to get out of bed but when I saw you fighting that muffler I laughed out loud for the first time in days.  Thank you Derek for the joy you and your family bring to me when I feel like I'm all alone.
The owner of a resort I worked for had one. Big red thing with a license plate that said Jack Jr. Im betting someone replies saying they've seen that car before. Anyway that thing was JUNK! We disabled the 4 and 6, making it a full time 8.
Had 79 Eldorado with the diesel ,thirty something MPG Detroit excellence
Cool.  Springfield MO is only 50 miles north west of my place. What a cool caddy with low miles. Make a great going to town rig.
That's a bummer...
Welcome (back?) to the Queen City of the Ozarks! Glad a fella came to visit us.
Like some of y’all have said, I worked at Caddy Dealer too. Raise the hood, + these Outer Space engines will scare you! 🤣
A revival in an Oriellys garage?  I am sure you’ll figure it out. Goodbye.
Those widowmaker jackstands are scary. Don't bump 'em.
Derek.  Did. You check the blink fluid ??     The noise could be a muffler bearing   Seen that happen before. LOL
I don't think I've ever seen you get this upset. Love watching every episode though.
Who else squints and turns slightly away while the grinder went to work on the exhaust?
One of the biggest piles of S(# made and thats saying a lot because of the Northstar V8 and the currant fuel management engines gm make are top 5
have heard the engine is a dog
🎵 Derek's injector service, ZERO guranteeeeeeee🎵
Fun video. Looong, but thats good. I felt like I was watching Lawrence of Arabia. I liked seeing the fuel injection vs carborator difference which made me learn something I think.  On second thought, maybe closer to The Ten Commandments, because...Moses' Sandals!!!!.
1:30:00 everything's fine
I have never laughed that hard 😂😂
1:05:19 Cool.... a straight pipe.
Anyone else think it's strange having the camera guy following D around? Kinda Feels like I'm watching the old tv show trucks or something.
Variable displacement. Glad we learned from that and never repeated that mistake. 😂
Omg I’m dieing laughing, I got tears in my eyes. When Derek flipped that pocket on the back of that front seat and he breathed in that dust cloud, he outside the car hacking up a lung and says it’s in his soul and he says I’m back, I couldn’t stop laughing. I had to rewind it 6 times.
Watching you fight the muffler, ....... The best laugh I've had in a long long time.
Derek Don't forget Italian Tune Up!!!!!!(list)
If you buy any more Caddies, get 76 or older with carburetors on them. I had a 76 and never had any problems. Had a 99 and one problem after another!
@2:30:01 awesome
Derek + Muffler = Great TV!
My uncle worked at Saginaw steering gear, he bought one of those caddies, he didn’t own it long. Ran when parked that’s what they always say
GM, ruining perfectly good V8s with cylinder deactivation, since 1981.
I forgot to tell you the injectors are keyed to go in one way.
Oh boy! This was a tough one! Jeeze baknees.
What a blast from the past,.y dad had the EXACT same caddy.same year same int color same ext color,just derek goin through the int i remembered were the window dials are and i remembered the ash trays in the back being a lil kiddo i lovved that car until a drunk driver totaled it parked in front of the house 1night..
You should never use the death wheel with safety glasses on when cutting off the muffler, you don’t need both eyes one’s good enough
Overalls?!...well well well Mr.Fancypants, what's next a dinner jacket and a tie?
The cylinder deactivation stuff isn't any better now either LOL.    Rip the computer crap out of it, put a carburetor on it or a Sniper kit and I bet it probably will run so much better...the heck with that GM computer nonsense....maybe bypass or disable all the deactivation stuff too....then sell it.
I recently owned an 89 Ford escort with the auto choking seatbelts they broke alot. I had to replace the injector on my tbi and the whole rebuild process went similar
It comes in 81 cadillacs, the old 864. It cuts off cylinders
My dad bought one of these nightmares as well as an olds diesel wagon.  Both of them were complete nightmares.  We used to carry an extra diesel filter everywhere we went and change it on the side of the road when it quit.  Don't know which one was worse.  Thank y'all for bringing back the"good old days"of my youth 😂😂.  Have a blessed evening.
My Dad had one of these and it was traded in within 18 months because of the miserable engine.  Unfortunately, he got the 4.1 liter aluminum V-8 in the one he replaced it with.  It was almost as bad.
As I recall the 8-6-4 Caddy engines were prone to catching fire, so correct,, not okay. The 8-6-4 Debacle rivaled the dread not a Diesel Diesel engines.   Such a Sacrifice to the fleet average Fuel mileage gods.
So Derek, here's my question, does that letter apply to anyone that has 1 of those cars that still have under 50k on the motor?,, cuz we know there are some still out there with under 50k on the motor
“And that’s good enough” Reminds me of an actual rocket scientist friend’s motto: “better is the enemy of good enough” 👍🏼
You gave that the Walmart parking lot special Cadillac removal
I used to own a 84 Fleetwood with 76k on it in immaculant shape. I was so upset when I was forced to sell it becuase my old landlord had multiple cars on the property and was getting fined. He died 3 weeks later and I had to move and Ive been so pissed ever since then that I got rid of it.
Good lord I would've ripped that garbage off of that engine and put a Holley on it. You are so patient
Why does the camera keep moving?  It makes my head hurt.  PS.  LOVE YOU DEREK!
I can honestly say this is one of the most painful episodes I’ve ever watched…  40 acre gravel pit and 25#’s of C4
Check the temp sensor. Very common on TBI trucks, goes full pig rich. The resistance reads like -100 outside.
I saw a creeper hanging  on wall shaped like a dog bone. I think that is what i noticed. Great video!
It looks a lot like the GM TBI system,  other than the variable displacement,  super simple and reliable.  Like a sniper only more reliable,  but won't support much power over 300 ponies.
LS swap it
OK, here's my Square, White Caddy Story .... It's 1989. I'm on the 5, just south of Santa Ana, headed south towards Irvine. Driving my Hugger Orange 70 RS/SS 396 Camaro (TH400   :(   lol). Flat Black, fiberglass Cowl Induction hood. Black interior. A previous owner removed the black? vinyl top & did a kinda OK job of painting the roof orange.... anyhow...  I spot a blinding white Caddy 4 door in the center lane. It really stood out somehow.  I catch up to it ... man, it even sounded great ... and then I spot the plate ... wait for it ... wait ...    DUNTOV 7  HOLY CRAP! I slow down a little to match his speed ... can I see him in there????  His wife was driving!!!  LOL ... DANGIT!!!
Your firing order is wrong because you copied it and it was wrong from the beginning before you got the CDI junk box.
Boat anker
good lord this was a long episoide .... loved it !!!!😎
That looked painful im sorry 😂
My parents had the fleetwood Brougham back in the 80s, it was one of the most comfortable riding cars ever built.
muti tool comes with a Sawall attachment
Had that fuel injector setup on my 94 Gm 1/2 ton, when injectors were starting to gum up, fuel economy went out the window
I'm an hour and 45 minutes in, I see Derek struggling with this Caddy dumping fuel, and my first instinct is that the coolant temp sensor is bad, showing -40F to the ECM, and making it dump fuel. Let's see if I am right, or one of the other 274 antiquated electrical control systems is at fault.
No captions just eliminates some of us from being entertained. Silent movie to me! Thanks a lot Derek.
She needs a 500ci or at least a 472ci. With a Holley carb.
When you was putting the injectors back in do you think maybe you put in the wrong hole... What if they are backwards is what I'm saying 1:45:15
Could be a coolant temp sensor bad or Unplug. efi really need those sensor or it will think its -40° and flood. my LT1 1996 impala SS had a bad connector or the coolant temp and sometime it would runs like shit and smoke black at the tail pipe until it died. wasn't easy to find since it was doing that out of nowhere rarely.
Carb swap
The cojones on derek for diving into this electrical nightmare... jeebus.... jessica has more than a handful to deal with
Your the best
Rest in piece...of shit
I like blue walls.    It. Shows  the tires are new.
I wonder if you could just tuck that bumper right up in there close to the body how that would look
Ow what
Couldn’t watch past 10 min. Camera work is too annoying. Just use a tripod
I heard after you unplug the 6-4-8 thing so it is disabled the old 368 I think it is was a good running old engine as long as you unplug early in it's life so damage isn't caused by things happening in cylinders that should be firing but are not. Reckon they were strong enough to pull around a limo and whatnot. I want to know what it sounds like with some flowmasters stuck out the sides.
That’s what it did
Yup
Take my advice junk the Engine!
catalytic noise
Throw a 500 in with a quadrant!
I'm really loving these close ups. Please do more like this if you have a chance.
If I remember correctly like 94 Ford tempo had auto seatbelt strangler
I had a 1988 Fleetwood broughm 4 door it had an Oldsmobile 308 in it.. fully loaded air ride rear shocks... gray leather interior loved it..
Whoever originally bought that bucket in '81 should've also got the extended extended extended warranty.
Derek, you struggling with that muffler was the funniest moment in your career (so far).  Hilarious!
LS swap!!!
No one would make a movie that would last 2 hours and 20 minutes expecting someone to sit thru it no matter what the content. Do engine swap with new digitals.
those TBI injectors are very easily attainable and not bad for price. rebuilt the throttle body on my 88 G van a few times lol
Yank out that weird engine and drop in a real one!
All it needs is an LS7 and it will run fine.
My daughter works at orielly in Illinois
call it a wash and hope the views pay for it. send it to the scrapper and save the headache from someone else
Is he really tasting the oil and why?
I’m not used to this kind of production value from Derek lol
O'Reilly's safety guy or gal is pooping bricks
SAD POST SUCK!
And this is why carbureted ve-hick-ells are the best. None of those r2-3po's to get in the way.
Change the intake and put a carb on it
Now Derek is practicing for the meth Olympics
Derrick, go get a SawsAll, wire cutters, and fuel pump clicker clacker. Oh, and a boat fuel tank
That is a long reach over the fenders to the engine plus hood does not open enough.
A junkie would of had that catalytic converter out in seconds. Also a tidbit of information, Derek played the old man in the tanker boat that checked the oil levels in Waterworld. 😂😂
What ? Orielly's shop doesn't have a creeper ?
Do a carb swap and drive it home and dual exhaust 🤔
the muffler press had me dying!!!!
Watching Derek get hantavirus in real time 😬
1:27:35 - Next time you have stuck oil filter, just take a thin knife and pry the seal with it so that it cuts off. I had one old car with stuck oil filter and after an hour of fighting with it, did that and it came right off.
map sensor
who caught the Office Space movie reference????
Looked like they took the springs from the trunk and doubled them up on the hood the way it shot open on ya.
Carb swap
convert to carb in future be a sweet ride
Please  do thing right use safety  glasses  Please
You really need to invest in some safety glasses!😂
1:35:25, that sigh, I felt it in my bones, in my very soul. Anyone that's worked on cars knows that sigh.
Good job! MERRY XMAS!....CARB SWAP!
The 81 coupe deville is a good LOOKING car,   ....why not LS swap it and make it what it should have been.
As a Team Oreilly member. I would love for you to walk into my store one day. I am the ASM at store 205 in Paola Kansas. My wife is also a Team Oreilly member. Store manager at store 4960 in Louisburg Ks.
How can anyone look at this complicated mess and tell me that modern cars aren’t better.
2:03:08 😂😂😂😂😂😂 I died
Probably still more reliable than the LS multidisplacement system!
I always thought those map pockets were a garbage can. Boy was I wrong come to find out. Maps. Never had one in my Caddy. Same color interior tho. Makes me want another one. Good cars. Now I could make it better though.
One of my uncles owned one of those V8-6-4 deals and kept it for nearly a year before getting rid of it.  He also had the system disabled to run it V-8 only. He loved his Cadillacs but not that one.   For this car, I'd start by seeing if it will roll over by hand.  All the water near the TBI makes me nervous.
That is an over engineered piece of shet
How about a mid 60 Ford truck 2 barrel for a 352 V8. Do something.
oh man, this one is hard to watch. Camera shaking all over the place but theres no chance im missing an episode. ONWARD
LS swap it!!!!....LS swap it!!!....LS swap it!!!!!
"We do things half-way around here and that's good enough."
The infamous 4 6 8.... I had one in an 82 limo. I wouldn't call it a limo, it was like 2 ft longer than the sedan with some crappy jumpseats
Id still rather rebuild a gm tbi over changing a belt tensioner on a Arcadia, enclave, traverse........
I wonder if a manifold and a carb off a 1980 would fit.
You’re comically small in that huge boat haha!
Fuel injector cleaner would have been better then a screw driver ?
Really rust free
Poor guy needs leg room😢
Loved the wrestling match with the muffler funniest yet
This is exhausting me!!!!!
LOL...After about 15 minutes and seeing that whole cabal for a varnished 1-yr. only injection system on that 'alien fuel makin' happener, I was thinking you were just going to start snippin' hoses, wires and everything, then putting on a new manifold with a Holley 4 barrel unit and would have been on your way...and wouldn't a feller know it - that's exactly what you were ponderin' at the end there, LOL.  So in answer to your question at the end, yes...I'd love to see you do that swap and watch this puppy sing like it's supposed to - without all that EPA crap!  (funny thing... *EPA (and basically all alphabet goobermint agencies today) STILL SUCK!*  'MURICA!
LS SWAP!
Dude just use a sawzall and shorten the video by 5 min
You can probably hit a button, that keeps in on 8 cyls.
Who is your camera person?
Should have had a meth head get that cat off.
I never noticed a cameraman before
That engine correct me if I'm wrong was designed by H.R. Geiger for Alien Mobster's 😂😂😂
I  am 60 I remember those as worst engines ever when they did run it was not very well a lot of those caddys sold cheep or put away not driven
As always, a guy has to insta-like a vid.  Just what I needed on a Saturday night.
That muffler-geddon footage was golden!
Now you know why mechanics hate that engine. It was junk from day one. Most replace it with the newer engine.
I CANNOT believe you actually found a TBI rebuild kit for that. I’m sure Oreilly sells hundreds of those every day…. Nope, more like 1 every 5 years, nationwide…
Pull the motor and drop a big block or LS in it!! This one is clean and worth keeping
You need a stabilizing camera handheld mount if someone is going to hold it for you
Smart man you got it figured out
just like a living room sofa.
Thats a 5000 car now
It's good to know that all those years back, engineers were doing all they could to try and piss off the mechanics that have to work on stuff. It's like they take people that are not mechanically inclined and educate them a lot and then set them loose to plan a build that they will have no part of once it gets off paper. Good to see you putting your brain on one of these monstrosities though.  I just dont have the patience to even consider it.
Betty White is officially a cougar! She’s got a younger boyfriend caddy!👊🏽👊🏽👍🏽🤣
How on God's green earth did your camera person keep from laughing out loud when you were removing the muffler???? 😅😅😅
Disappointment😭
I thought he was going to say he paid $18.00 for it. That’s about $13.00 more than I’d pay for one of those turds.
As I watch you shower your face with sparks I couldn’t help but think coulda swore I saw some safety glasses in that box earlier 😂😂
A friend had one of those caddy. I hated that car. I was in the hood more than my Ford
The camera is driving me nuts on this episode. I know he’s not always alone but it usually feels like he is. This one just seems off.
god bless you for these "will it drive 500 miles" episodes pal they without a doubt are your best content   JESUS CHRIST IS LORD
This garaged Caddy seems to have more issues than Betty White did when you dug her up out of the pasture.
The car's stomach.
13:06 Derek..... Did you get the memo on the TPS reports?????   If you could attach the cover letter to all of the TPS reports that would be just grrreeeat!
I’ll be dipped a Saturday night picture show !!
Coolant temp sensor will make it dump a lot of fuel in the throttle body it might be telling the computer it is to cold and dumping fuel in it
I hate to bring up the obvious... but Derek... a lot of us care about you and what you do with cars.....when your under a car please (wear safety glasses please..).
What about those people who steal catalytic cons. They're in and out in minutes. They don't have this much trouble...
You don't need a Camara man
that underhood work light is perfect. gotta get me one
That old beauty would be a nice road trip car and worth a Ls upgrade and modern transmission
Also, this is a suspiciously clean shop...
Whatever you got going on with that haze with the camera is driving me nuts!! lol great video tho 😊
After breathing in all that dust and debris, I hope you're up to date on your shots.
Next time try putting a little oil on the o rings they will seat easier.
My dear ears are really missing the CC on this excellent video!
Dont you have a spare LS laying around?? It would be reliability with a good engine.
I've been watching you a long time and this video has made me laugh so much. I swear this coulda been 6 hrs long and it woulda kept me engaged and laughing 🤘🍻
That car is so Kooll it should be a Jay Leno Garage car adventure.
Hope things are ok with your family, weather fellas said there was a tornado warning in Tennessee. 🙏
Needed a crack head for that converter removal.
This feels like a episode of Trucks
As good as your motortrend shows are I always prefer your YouTube videos
Parts are free O Riley will get you what you need
I would say ship it home yank that anchor out of the motor area throw in a big block Chevy and go with that!😅😅😅😂
Bad ECU my friend, open and check for leaky caps
Hey bro! Another great find there. But that's not a map pocket under the passenger side dash. It is a removable trash bin. I had a loaded 75 Monte Carlo that had the same one.
I beginning to think pull that power plant and drop in a crate  572 in and have a going to town cadilac hotrod
Dang Derek, that muffler took you to the battleground,  you showed it though, great stuff, you’re Alaskan friend, is the starter disengaging?
Isn’t that how the plague was spread? Mouse stuff. The brake drum was trying to get away.
You're one bad man, brotha 🤩🤩🤩
every five minutes there's an ad!
For future reference.  power the injector and then spray through it with some carb cleaner
Whiter than a Celine Deone concert! That's hilarious!
34:32 the sneeze that broke the sound barrier
Miss my 62 Studebaker! Also my 64 Comet  with a V8!
Seat close to the steering wheel?  Probably driven by circus little people.
Derek, have you tried KROIL ??   I bit the bullet and bought a 12oz can for like $28 or so !!!!!!    but, I do think it is better than PB Blaster, which is of course, as you know, VERY GOOD !!!!    I just wish it would get more popular, so I could buy it local......
I was going to let you know . Yup I had one given to me with 30k and I had all the same trouble.  Muff and cat looked new but plugged.   Carb it big guy
Funny fact. Gm had afm and dod in the 80s yet didn't re introduce til 2018. Also one of thw first to experiment with turbos. Ford tried and failed
Yes !!! Vice Grip with a dinner. Perfect evening.
Slap a 350 in there u got 8000 all day long. Especially with a 2 door
Should have parked it in the hood! The exhaust would have been gone in 15.3 seconds! 😂
Derik, you’re awesome! I love your contriteness. It’s like you’re sad just knowing what’s in front of you. But in a funny way.
You would not make a good thief 😂Apparently they can remove a catalytic converter in a minute & a half 😂😂
Start eliminating the fuel system
After the last couple videos..... this channels lost its luster.
Oh dear derricks been kicked out...
My Stepdad would say AHHHHHHHHHSHIT. When ever he sneezed
I always pierce the center of the filter with my biggest screwdriver and use it as a lever to get the stuck filter off. It is messy, but has never failed me. The Caddy seems like a great candidate for an LS swap and air suspension.
Here's a crazy fun fact. In 1993 when the north star v8 was at its height, it had nine on board computers and twelve hundred pounds of wire and a fuselinks
Those automatic seat belts were a result of the government mandating a passive restraint device. GM mostly got around the automatic belts by attaching the upper mount of the seat belt to the door frame so that you could enter and exit the car without unbuckling the belt. Now a days air bags check the box for passive restraints.
Brake drum has left the building.....
Scrap it 😮😮😮😮
Back in those days, I worked in a GM dealer and we would disconnect the 8-6-4 stupidity to have it on 8 only, what a mess that system was. You could read the code trough the A/C control by holding in the first and the last button if I remember well.  Dump in a Chev 350, it will last forever, some came new with a Chevy engine in Canada,
I never dreamed that I would ever say this but.... LS swap it 🙊🙈
Please Derek junk that engine and put a 350 or 5.3 . U could make it a awesome driver. I remember those original motors were trash. Good luck with this project 👍
Well. all I can really say is it's a Cadillac!
To this day GM can’t get cylinder deactivation right..
You were really on your A game for this one. The muffler bit was hilarious.
Looks identical to the TBI unit on my neighbors 93 GMC Suburban with a 350
I love the body style, but those engines are tough to keep running right. I remember having to drive my girlfriend's Mom's Eldorado in reverse over a mile because it wouldn't make enough power going forward to make it home. Reverse being lower, it crawled home the last bit like that until necessary repairs could be made.
Theres a place that reproduces bumper fillers for all kinds of cars....i was looking at some for the rear of my 78 delta 88 2 door smooth top that i kick myself for selling....cant think off the company off the top of my head but a google search will pull up the company.
i like this better than  motortrend show
definitely gonna need some colt-45 smokes for the drive in that rig....with that refreshing wine taste
Carb swap Derby the Piece of Junk
4100 was the worst v8 pushrod that they ever put in caddys
I put a stockish Big Block Chevy in one of those with a 700r4 for a customer in the eighties, turned out to be a pretty nice car.
It was Cadillac's way to fuel efficiency.
I remember swapping the 305/350 out of an old Impala into one of those about 20 years ago. I think we even used the Impala y-pipe without issue. Maybe find a decent 4.8/4L65E and make this one a cruiser again?
So this is how the walking dead starts… a mouse nest in the mouth
Thanks for the show and ride love it
I watch both your channel and road worthy rescues. Personally, I prefer your YouTube content. Seems the TV series edits out a lot of the meat and potatoes we get to see here!
Our caddy had the 425 4v....my Dad's first project on the car was rebuilding the quadgajunk 4v
I'm curious how they cut the tank straps off the tank without cutting into the tank since those are right up ON the tank.  Seems like that would have been tougher than cutting a bolt on the straps or just undoing the bolt.  It's like they went around the back of their head to scratch their nose.
Stay safe tonight Derek and family. Alot of rough weather in our area.
Whiter than a Celine Dion concert! Lol
At what point did you start thinking about a refund your money ❤
whoever did the filming and editing on this was great, I love the muffle massacre aftermath footage
Never watch ANY YouTube videos from start to finish but vice grip grips me to the end living the absolute dream 😊😊😊😊😊😊
I know what I'd be doing, I'd turf all that electronic garbage.
Love this episode! Great to see you intrigued and get your brain purcolatin’
love your channel, just started watching this video and stopped to say if you can get this caddy to stay in 8 it might be fine.  Even the new cars with afm are problems
Note to self, cut bolt on muffler clamp instead.
Intake an  carb .
The exhaust removal was hilarious.  Probably because of how unfortunately relatable it was.
Absolute easiest fuel injection system to work on. There is Absolute nothing to the TBI INJECTION CARB
A+ for effort for the 'ol feller.
The bleep bloop’s just weren’t advanced enough back then.
Cross threading is a mechanical loctite
This is a decent candidate for a basic crate 350 swap, most of the car was solid but that engine was a pile of crap new, today…worst nightmare known to man next to a GM diesel from the same era.
Hey-my 2018 5.3L flex fuel Silverado has cylinder deactivation, just like this Caddy!
You should go into the muffler biz
It's cotton hills cadillac car!
I’m just over an hour in, and I just realized that someone else is filming 😂
I had two v8-6-4 cars..an 81 fleetwood brougham de'elagance 2dr and an 83 Seville...engine only had 145hp
Have done this rebuild twice on obs. Truck
Put a carb on it
Maybe you can put the engine and transmission from the 71 Boat Tail Buick Riviera in it. You know you want to. I DARE YOU !
I've never seen a man go toe to toe with a mouse-filled muffler any harder than that.
made my week....lol
I know you hear this a lot. Your videos are great. Thanks for all of your work. You’re awesome.
Got a match Derek? Maybe a gallon of gas in the back seat? To me these were junk engines!!!
Your truly are an insane man, you need no one to keep yourself intertained. As I'm busy half aware of what your doing and I hear..."Cross thread's better than no thread" I'm still rollin! haven't we all been there unfortunately?God bless your wife.
thank you so much for the entertainment you deserve every bit of success you have  well deserved  100%
Good job sir!
The Olds 98, in contrast, had a 5.0 litre V8 motor.
awesome
Let's all take a moment to lament Cadillac's generational failures. The 4100 was trash in every iteration. The Olds diesel was the worst engine put in any car not sold in the Russian market. If you want to waste years worth of income just buy a Cadillac after 1977
I wish I had your patience!
What a way to spend my Saturday evening!
A guy has an idea for a later date of course, 8.1 swap and air ride Keep the poverty caps.
My mom totaled a 1989 240z in an intersection with just the taillight bent just about 3degrees still worked too....he hit her at 80 we still had the plastic inserts intact it was 1993
WHEN A GOOD FRIEND PUT ALL THIS OUT IN THE 70'S AND IRS SHUT HIM DOWN.  THEN CADILLAC COMES OUT WITH IT A YEAR LATER BUT I'M A 13 YEAR OLD KID THAT HAS SEEN HIS STUFF WORK. IT  SHIFT IN TRAFFIC AND TOWED THINGS UP HILLS HIS SHITED AN WORKED FULL STOP!!! IRS AND DOJ DID NOT BUT.... sorry i have to stop there or get sued . i'm poor  i can not be  u know !! I HAVE A 88 IF SOMEONE NEEDS GOOD BODY PARTS!!
How can the camera person keep a straight face while filming, i would be laughing my butt off.
Why so long of a vid
so strange watching VGG with a camera operator
Jimany Christmas , It's a Psychobilly Cadillac. The most messed up one ever . Fun will be had by all . LS Swap It and throw it in the burn out box  !!
From what I was told is from an old-timer is the best way to keep those cars running is the disconnect the cylinders with a deactivation kind of like the ones of nowadays😅😅😅
Just leave that Cadillac parked on the street here in Portland Oregon you'll come back and somebody will will have stolen that catalytic converter
Chrysler does that now.
I think cause the fuel pump is cut out the injectors arent grounding?
poor guy...lol
How'd you get your tripod to move around keeping you in view? Another great video!
MAN, hope this new corporate VGG isnt staying, camera guy only showin you most of the time, the editing style was different....DONT DO IT DEREK, Seems like its Motortrend Style
Holy efi swap
This would definitely be  great for a LS swap
Flip it!
Read the comments Derek.   Eliminate the fuel system
Who actually won the exhaust fight? Derek or Cadillac?
A guy's getting way to organized.
LOL, big man in a little car.
Oh my gosh Derek. I lost it when you were going to town in that muffler. Too funny!
Hey Derek when will your sunglasses be back in stock?
Failed GM engine.
Watching you take the tank straps out, and using your face as a catch net for the rusty sharp strap, spinning loose at 10000 miles per hour had me laughing like a lunatic brother!!! You are a loose unit, love your work
that looks like a good ls swap cannidate or a 500 caddy swap if you want to keep it caddy, and tubbed rear.
2 hours! Well there goes my night.
Caddy of my childhood. Those look like Oldsmobile hubcaps
GM service solution was to replace the complete BOSCH cylinder deactivation CRAPOLA system to repair the system.
I would just gut it's entire electrical system if I was gonna keep it, but for what? Might as well sell it as a project car. The cheapest way to save it would be a carb system. A new modern fuel injection system would be nice but in this economy it is financially cavalier to do that without a buyer or project application to hopefully recover that cost... IDK, I'd sell it as is.
Whiter than a Celine Dion concert…lmao
Nice try. I enjoyed watching the mayhem. Sell it.
Sounds like the starter is not dis- engaging.
Hoofta May. !?!?!!
I want to start with I'm a huge car guy. I love watching Derek do his thing. BUT I saw the thumbnail and all I could do is smh, poor Derek. I inherited a '85 Fleetwood Broughham when I was a teen, it was the bane of my automotive life (and the shop I constantly had it repaired at, cost me a small fortune). But when it was running, it was like driving around on your couch. Ended up abandoning it at a gas station lol. I hated that car so much.
If Betty White is the crew cab, this has to be the sultry Rue McClanahan
I know this is probably a one-time thing, but please stick to the SELF-FILMED steady camera you do most of the time in your past videos.   The person holding and moving the camera is giving a guy some motion sickness. Also it feels a lot more personal when it's not obvious that someone else is there.  There's some of the magic that's lost this way.  Just my 2 cents, probably worth one cent.
Brand new in package eye protection u obtained in box on bench and u don't use! 🙄👌
Damn that's the first time I've ever seen you not be able to drive a car home. Great try.
Turbo it!!!
Time for a 4 barra efi delete
just unplug the wire at the trans. and it runs on 8 all the time.
Looks like a lady drove it.
So after an 1 hour an 8 mins in, I gotta say I told you so.
Oh my god, this thing looks like an electrical nightmare to maintain. First thing I'd do is rip all that bullshit out of there.
I would reserve a spot at your local crusher.  Gotta be worth something as scrap metal.
Every project I do is like that muffler.
1:09:26 Get on outa there!!!
I have NEVER seen a guy fight with an exhaust like that in my life!  Holy cow---it almost beat you there for a minute.
In my opinion which is worth about as much as a bar girl at 2 am, that is an original 62k mile car
All I got out of this was how proud I am of The Guy when he visually shows his frustration. Maybe the runaway drum kept him sane in this frustrating "fix". Gotta know what the issue is with this engine. Please update Guy.
I would feel so bad as your camera man just sitting there watching you struggle.  😂
I'm an hour late!
Horrible car
Cadillac.. The only car to defeat Derick ... 🤣
“Terminator Broccoli Injection” gets me every time! 😄😊
Cudo's to whomever's handling the camera. Good JOB!
Thanks for the hard work you put in to bring this content sir and sir family
Derek is the most hilarious when he's on his own. with a camera guy in this production the  humour seems awkward and forced. Love Deke, he's a rare, tireless man who truly loves his work.
632 big block would be better...9second drag build ??
A guy should ls swap it!!!
The muffler part was the best
Jump scare 30 min in jesus
Need to change your titles to “will it run and brake xx miles home?” 😂
Can't you just unhook the digicals and run all 8 cylinders?
Put a Carb on it, one them new fancy distributers forget the 8 6 4 and drive her home?
A guy needs a power probe and to replace the TPS.  Love the channel yall.
I think those motorized seat belts were more of an early 90s thing. My Mom had a 93 Escort whose seat belt smashed a burrito supreme into my face while trying to take a bite when it retracted.  It also ate my little sister's hair one day. Horrific things. 😂
Who did the camera work? I was starting to get dizzy five minutes into the video?
You'd think GM would have learned their lesson with displacement on demand with this one.
Swap in a good ol small block 350.
When a fella gets the Caddy home he should yank that spectacular engine and trans and drop an LS between the fenders.
Nope, I ain’t fixin that gas tank, lol!!!
Cool Caddy DADY :)
The V8-6-4 must be like an early version of GM’s current AFM system? It’s a neat idea but from personal experiences, AFM still has kinks that need worked out
to do list  no 1 get motor running  no 2 get brakes working  no 3 make car move  no 4 maybe get lights to work  if its dark ya dont need them
Had an older lady bring hers in every 6 months wanting a "tuneup". I'd take it out and blow the cobwebs out it. She never drove over 25 mph, so it would just end up fouling the plugs.
Man, thats my favorite car ever. That thing is a cruise liner on wheels. They basically drive themselves.👍👍👍👍👍👍👍Besides that i could not stop laughing on the muffler deal. 🤣🤣🤣.   Great video Derek...
who was the camera operator?
Perfect candidate for a LS swap. That there is the Northstars retarded cousin
Laughing while you hold up the trunk, surprised you didn't adjust them there springs right quick.
When are you releasing the single of "Cross Thread is Better than No Thread"?
Kudos to the cameraman. Was nice when he/she did close-ups.
I prefer the old style VGG without the camera operator.
New burn out car.
...btw, I BELIEVE YOU DESERVE TO BE BORED WHEN YOU FEEL LIKE BEING SO.  (...and yes, yes remove the com-butting'potenciator and do what you should. You should always do what you should though.,... That's just that though.) ...watch out for that sickly sweet squishy chalk brain-death expired perfume. There's no helping that. (At least they smoked...,.) ...Thanks for the post in any case, always absolutely appreciated.,...
sell it
I'll take a mahogany axe handle wrapped in wet, wool socks any day.   Especially if you sprinkle in a touch of campfire (or diesel) smoke...
1800 for that Cadillac is a smoking deal! My grandpa used to have one like this, and he had all kinds of trouble with that cylinder management stuff. He ended up putting a motor out of a junk yard caddy he found ,and i helped him. One of my first and fondest mechanical memories. Nothing quite like spending time with your grandpa. I miss him tremendously
55:30 As Debby Boone would sing in her #1 hit, You Light Up My Life, "It can't be wrong, when it feels so right".  hahahaha
I bet some of the mice chewed the wiring seening how they lived in the exhaust and used the hood insolutation. The tbi should be the same as the 90's Chevy trucks.
They were indeed a nightmare as soon as you drove them off the lot...
I was sad there was no video Friday, but today will do👍
Hope you and yours got through that Hella hurricane that gutted Tennessee. God Bless!!
I can't wait to watch it on the computer so I'm watching it on my cell phone this guy is the best
You were in Springfield and didnt come over for a cold snack?..Ill be dipped
That's a nice old Caddy you have sir. Too bad its not leather seating in there. Them are some genuine Oldsmobile wheel covers there. Give that paint a nice buff, fix them bumper fillers and you're in tall cotton.
Anyone else notice the brand new jump pack behind the brand new battery on the bench while he was testing pumpage 😂
Cadillac's with the auto climate control also doubled as a diagnostics reader. By depressing two of the functions at the same time it would give you the error codes easily found on the web. too late to help you now and I don't remember which two function buttons you pushed. but the info is out there... My Aunt Audrey and oddly Uncle Earl! owned a Seville with that engine and they loved it... Said if you drive it like an old man and don't tax the computers pitiful 1980s limited RAM by constantly getting on and off the gas which would cause the computer to freeze up and at any speed would cause the car to stall, it wasn't a problem. He use to drive the car from Reno to PA every Holliday. I could give you my Aunt's number to call She is 104 now so, They did drive like old people in the 80's.
Mmmm I like it when a feller struggles
These and the Diesel 350 were some real Gems lol
Thank you Derek for keeping us YouTube followers involved in your endeavors!
My only complaint is the cameraman not being able to hold the camera straight
Tis great to watch you work. You're a generation younger than me and it's great to see you have a similar outlook to me, I always say, if someone built it then I can fix it!
Awesome you got to go into the O’Reillys shop and do some wrenching.
I have been watching your  videos since the  Independence CHEVELLE episode, you  Inspired me to stop drinking and restore my  1981 Montecarlo. I can Relate to everything you do  in these videos Derek. Best wishes to you and your family.
Does anyone know if there is a performance rear end that will bolt in from a different division of GM ?
This is one of the funniest commentaries I’ve heard yet! 😂 How did all that rust get in the air cleaner/ throttle body?
6 8 4 GM's Edsel.
I would pull the ECM if possible and check all the capacitors for leakage
1:03:15-1:05:25 might be the greatest good vs evil battle ever shot in the history of cinema hahahahaha
Why? Oh why?
36:05 Derek getting in the driver's seat and looking like Andre the giant in a Honda has to be one of the best things I've seen in a while 😂😂😂
Hopefully your family safe from those twisters in Tennessee area 🙌🙏💯
I rememer that car my aunt had one that wouldnt shut off some times for hours
two and a half hour video of a  coupe deville?? man what a treat.
Terminator Broccoli Injektion unit?😂
1:03:35 Perfect form
You just beat me to the type.........Honda and Ford had those automatic seat belts. Lasted a short while!!!!!!
My friend bought some police-auction vehicles here in Texas. All their gas tanks were cut off. The damn cops cut them out. Those vandals! Who cares if they may have held drugs. They should have just sent them to the junk yard after that.
Can you steal your own catalytic converter? Feller should get a small fortune for that honk’n thing
I had an 82 with this engine drove it 3000 miles 1st week
Another Caddy video!!!! Gotta love a land yacht.
It’s unsettling me that you’ve clearly got a camera person but they’re not talking back to you.
Another Caddy video!!!! Gotta love a land yacht.
Man i was expecting a wiseguy rolled up in a rug when you opened that trunk.
Get some GOOGLES!!!
I had an 84 Sedan Deville with the 4.7L V8. Drove it back and forth to my junior year of college. Couldn't put more than 1/2 tank of gas in it because it leaked.
Rusty muffler 1 - Derek 0 😂😂😂😂
LS swap and call it Berry White
Rip eardrums at 34:32
It needs a blue oval on the hood……
Once you find the right wire to clip to disable the V8-6-4 feature it’s a perfectly fine 6.0 L 368 cu in V8 engine. It’s technically a big block since it’s the same block they used for the 472, 500, and 425 cu in Cadillac engines just with a smaller bore.
The engines are that bad The mice won't even eat it
That car is a democrat wet dream
Those wheel covers may fit but they are for an Oldsmobile!
If you get this running this is the new Going to town rig!!!!!!!!
52:14 laughter by the camera dude - not allowed - re-shoot!
52:13 camera man laughing 😂😂
We had a 81 Eldorado with 4 6 8 and it ran perfect for years the whole time we had it ..
WTH you actually tasted that oil? I can see it on your tounge. I always thought you were just faking it.
And decades latter American car companies cant make multiple displacement work worth shit
God I had one of those, but mine had the best boat anchor GM ever built in it, the 4.1 digital fuel injection
I guess he Derek had his share of issues with the 4/6/8 v8 engine too..imagine every one else who had there issues too including mechanics 😅
The 368 was a good engine and there was a simple-ish wiring way to make these constant V8s. The 368 stayed with the limo and commercial chassis' a few years more, but just as a 6.0, without the cylinder deactivation. It was a good engine, just a smaller version of the 425, which in turn was.... blah blah historical stuff.  I had two models with the V8-6-4, one in an bronze Eldo with red leather, it was made a constant V8 and then it was fine. I really liked the activision-style technology in these cars and they are not as awful as people say (just not always reliable) Just like many old electronics, you have to know both the mechanical and electrical, plus tricks with the climate control buttons and paper clips.  The Oldsmobile in this case, (or other GM) wire wheel effect hubcaps used on a Cadillac but from another marque were always a sign of someone who didn't want to pay for the factory Cadillac wire hubcaps but wanted "the look" after they realized they looked alright.  Not that anyone cares, but anyone who can repair old radios or electronics can repair the computer, it's normally just a bad resistor or capacitor that needs to be soldered in. They can be repaired and are as dependable as any 1980s tech.
The TBI is simple and crude EFI. It is pretty simple to rebuild. I am surprised you haven't modified them. I only like it to convert the TBI trucks to Olds V8 power.
Well you have Betty WHITE maybe this one is Reggie WHITE?????
I wonder if you could move the tail lights and bumper in, rather than reinstalling the spacers ?
My stepfather worked at chevy dealership they put a toggle switch Under the dash that was hooked in to the computer to where you can shut all that off and just drive with A V8 and not go through the computer How they did it is beyond me
That box in front of the passenger door is actually a trash bin that you can pull out and empty. My grandparents had one in their 81 Fleetwood.
This car is someone’s maniacal fantasy VGG can’t fix engineering stupidity, hope someone gives you a Shelby cobra to make up for this
1st engine disaster by CHEVY and the 2nd  engine disaster was the Northstar engine!!!!!
The bob ross of fuel Injection lol
That's called a rat-pack muffler.
I can't believe what I am looking at but I have to I am looking right at it
Derick is the Mann!!!!
Pretty much one of the best Cadillac or General Motors Innovations. I have a 2015 Chevy Silverado 5.3 L with 84 system and I have is 22 miles a gallon on an 8000 me trip around the country. This computer sucks I just want to put my input in I think the Cadillac was the great innovation
My Mind Computahhhhhh is telling me the Seville in the mid 70's had one of these????????
my grandpa came up with that idea, the 8-6-4, sold his idea to Chrysler, they  tried to make the concept work but had problems getting the computer to work right, so Chrysler sold the concept to General Motors, and they tried it but computer tecnology wasn't quite there yet. hence the one year only thing.
Lucky that dad sneeze at 34:30 didn't knock the Ole caddy off the jackstands🤣
Had me a 84 coupe deville with the even worser'er 4100 v8. 😂
Gas tank straps get a dose of "I ain't askin'" 😂
Do you still have  Betty white  the 1970 cadillac  sedan deville
Ls swop could of done that for how long it took to try and get it running lol
Betty White Jr. ?
Time to swap it out for another engine, one that was designed to keep the fire on the inside! What a nightmare under the hood!  Whoever drove that last made an Oopa-Loompa look like a giant. Maybe it belonged to MiniMe.
One more round and the muffler would have had ya!!!     lol
1986 toyota camery 1985 ford escort gt auto seatbelts
Every shade tree mechanic remembers doing the exact same thing that you did with a muffler. (or something else), I applaud you for your realism.
You needed some fellers from the city they can get a cat off in 30 seconds.
They added to a very comfortable living for me .
I won't sit down and watch a movie that's longer than 2 hours. But I don't even hesitate to watch 2 hours of Derek.
Back in 1980 they were worried about the ozone layer, you're gonna die unless you have all the sensors.
Nice safety glasses again. I even seen him in the box. You bottom brand new forgot to put them on it's all good derek
That's why I take
I’m in Michigan and lived close to Detroit most of my life and saw many of these 864 engine Cadillacs driving around. The thing I heard was there are a couple wires that go to the transmission and 1 of the wires was to send a signal when trans was in 3rd gear then the cylinders would start to shut down while not under load. So disconnecting that wire was supposed to disable the system and just function on all 8 cylinders. May not be true , I never worked on one or got any confirmation of this . 😎 good luck to a fella
0:42 - i think after several years of practice, the whole class completes this sentence in unison: "nope, it won't.." 🤣 - while shaking heads.
Now you have Betty White and Betty Wrong.
Eliminate all the extra fuel systems
Put a 1250 Dominator on it.
It feels weird watching you with an actual cameraman rather than just you filming with tripods etc.   Great job as always Derek 👌🏻
Been there done that to a throttle body 1984 corvette LOL
Replace the water temp sensor and watch it go.  Don't ask me why but it works
Good luck, you think that is bad, try working on the NorthStar Front Wheel drive. you need to remove the entire intake manifold off to get to the starter. Yes it is under and below the intake manifold. Might be a good candidate for an LS Swap or a good old fashioned pre computer V8 and ditch all that computer stuff.
Great way to wake up on a Sunday here in Australia, two and a bit hours of VGG goodness, I wouldn’t believe it but I’m looking at it!! Thanks for the vid
Like 5.5 K !
Silent Bob has joined as cameraman. . .I say new intake and Holley Sniper. Alternatively, LS swap it. Alternatively to that, Coyote swap it. Maybe  Delorian swap it. Don't fix the 6-4-2 nonsense.
My grandparents had a 1980 Eldorado. It was the year before the 8-6-4. It had,I believe a Oldsmobile 350 fuel injected. Unfortunately, the car was scraped some years ago. It was the top of the line with every option, including moonroof,am/FM 8 track CB radio,triple white. I miss that car. And nice studio garage. I'm in Burlington Massachusetts, we are finally getting an O'Reilly's auto parts very soon.
We are sooooo spoiled to have soooo much good content!!
That is one ugly engine compartment.
Yep, I'd say LS swap
*_Wait, you left a car running and in gear!!! That sounds like the scene of a cheesy 80s movie..._*
Derek we see your back hurting.  Thanks for the video
Carb swap it to get the crappy tast out of your mouth.
Take it home, pull the engine, and put a 572 BBC in it!
Great candidate for an LS swap.
More muffler wrestling for every episode please 😊
Not sure if this is a first for Derek, but doing a revival on a cement floor.
Sweet
Red.....that is all you bud.....🍻✌🌞
Carb it and smog delete
91 Camry! That was awesome never had to remember to put on my seat belt and never had to put on lap belt because they could see the shoulder strap!
Your commitment to struggling on your own, even when you have another person there is commendable.
The thing that most people don’t really understand about this engine- it really is a great engine at the base of it. Bones derived from the venerable Cadillac big block, of which I believe you have a few 472 examples like old Betty White.  You mentioned the gas crisis, which is why they put this modulated displacement wizardry on this engine, along with making it fuel injection. Well, you can stop all that wizardry from working by clipping one wire. I have mine switched underneath the dash (yes it still works). But when those wizards started failing, Cadillac knew that this system wasn’t going to be able to hold them over until the next generation of Cadillac power was ready. Which is the MAJOR reason why they ditched it, along with all of the bad publicity. If they could have stuck 368’s, 425’s or 472’s in all of em, I’m sure they would have. But EPA standards wasn’t gonna let them do that. So they rushed development on the 4100 and had it ready for 1982. Talk about a disaster!  4100 did FAR more damage to Cadillac’s reputation.  In retrospect, they should have just done a Ford and shoved a SBC or Olds in it and put emissions crap on that- like they did for Oldsmobile, Buick, Pontiac, etc. But Cadillac at the time prided themselves on having exclusive power trains that could not be found in any other GM product. They gave up around 1986 and started shoving the Olds 307 in them (RWD Brougham models- the rest of the lineup got downsized drastically in 1985 or 1986.) So there’s a “short” historic timeline for ya.
Still can’t beat a Lincoln!!
The wrecking yard he featured a bit ago may just have the parts he needs for this one........
Didn't you take this on trade
Is really easy an about 180 bucks with the real seal kit an power valve an two new injectors
I think you need Blinker Fluid for the turn signals J/K LOL! :D
dont mean to be negative nancy, the new camera non stop zoom in and out is a bit much?
Derek should of cut to the chase, yank it and LS swap it. Way less headaches!
I was looking forward to my Friday VGG….but you gave me two plus hours today.  We good.
Whole Ghost Bustier movie in this car !😮
Fun fact the threshold of pain for temperature is about 145 degrees F. If you have a motor or transformer and you can hold your hand on it it's not really to hot, ie it's well within safe operation range.
Remember if women don't find you hansom they should at least love your Caddy.
👍👍
I had one of those in 2001 for just a couple weeks when a girlfriend drove it drunk onto the fwy in low gear and blew it up, so I never had it long enough to find out  how good a car it was. All I remember is it had a ton of power and drove like it was on a cloud.
Epic video 🤟
I love your videos but the camera person needs to hold off on the caffeine or drink more lol . But still my favorite YouTube channel.
Lol, 1984 my next door neighbor at Ft. Knox owned one, it was always in the shop , was brand new lol . I remember the 4 6 8 badges
Haunted !
Whiter than a Celine Dion concert 😂😂😂
Change it to a Quadra jet - ASAP.  I was forced to convert years ago when everyone - including dealerships refused to work on them.  Several junk yard trips and hack sawed the wire harness off  and rewire..
Ford tempo has the choker belts
I've always wanted an 81 Caddy Coupe Deville just like that one.
How does that work 45000 views in the first hour it's posted when the video is 2 hours long wtf?
Oldsmobile wire wheel covers and that “map pocket” on the drinkers side is actually a litter can…..😜
Nice u know how to pick a classic keep it coming glued to the screen 👀👀👀 🍿🍿🍿🍿
I clicked this just after it aired. I could hear the person behind the camera trying not to laugh. Awesome!!!!
Derek and his family are rockstars!
Love the car. Brave choice for a run and drive. To me this is cool but scary and frustrating.
Keep up the good work ❤❤
Is it just me or is it weird watching the video with someone else recording.
It should seeing how it can drive on 8, 6 or 4 cylinders
Never seen you in the weeds 😲 before .  Looks like me 😊.
That car is a nightmare !
Next version is the 8675309 model engine.
Good on you for stepping wayy out of your comfort zone. Great job as always
If a car ever cried out for a 6 liter LS, this is it!!!
Why was that in missouri if it was from livingston
Didn't have very far to get parts....😂😂😂😂😂😂
This car is not haunted it is full of a government BS remember the old days when it was so easy to fix a car now you have to be an electrical wizard
I had a 1979 Fleetwood Brougham  in 1989 thru October 1991 when I was the victim of a hit and run that totaled the car. It had a big 4 barrel on top of a 425 V8. It was a wonderful car. I refurbished it with a new timing gear and chain set, new water pump, charging whirler, sparkalators, lighting wires, lightning cube, lightning whirler, and smog pump. It had an air ride rear suspension and a vacuum motor that actuated an electric motor that locked and unlocked the trunk. I loved that car. I can't believe that was all 35 years ago. My Fleetwood had disc brakes all the way around.
I want ti! its great!
MERRY CHRISTMAS VICE GRIP GARAGE  MY FAVORITE THING TO WATCH...REALLY TOP BEST❤❤😊😊
I wonder what randy travis is doing
Nice wire wheelcovers but those are for olds 98 Regency.   They look just fine on this rig
Give it the vice grip magic touch 🤪😱
Betty white has a brother Barry White😂
Bahahhahaha left ones in a wheelchair, and the right one’s paralyzed…. I think that makes them both in wheelchairs !!
I had those track seat belts in an 88 Ford Escort Wagon. Hated them.
Holy cow the struggle with the muffler. That moment had my dying, i know we have all been there.
Video hasn't  even started yet and I'm excited Derek. My Dads company leased one of those cadillac s with 4,6,8  engine gorgeous interior but totally  gutless I just got my liscence and car couldn't burn rubber and would stall even was brand new and had fuel injection. Thanks for episode Derek
It would be worth having a fabricator friend replace those exterior plastic pieces in steel if the plastics aren't readily available.
Haven’t watched it yet but if a fellow had a 6.0 LS-style truck motor laying around…stuff could happen
Here's a big thing. What does that do?😆I love it! That's exactly how I'd fix it. That engine is very intimidating!
put a regular small block in it
How about a little fire Scarecrow?!
Bro bought him a camera man….
I about guarantee the fuel pump went bad and he had such a hell of a time getting the tank out that he knew he was never gonna get it back together so he just gave up on it. Too bad he didn’t have a handy grandson like Derek 👍
Loved The Office reference.... Another great vid. Thanks Derek. 😎T
Missed you last night but so happy to see you tonight we know kinda how hard you work but thats omly whats on screen.... How much goes on behind? seems like a hell of a lot more some times. Thanks as always Big D!
You wonder why V8-6-4 is that the little engine running on 6 cylinder or 4 cylinder on the highway general motors had done this to save gasoline.
Derek looks like he’s dropped a few pounds. Lookin’ good, fella!
Is this not the same as displacement on demand that they brought back? I bought an old police car 13 Caprice ppv l77 motor that i just took the cam out r And replaced it with a stage 2 Cam
Derrick your injectors need to be soaked in cider.....
My first car was a sedan deVille with that engine!
We're im at we're about to get are first O'Reilly's, I wonder how competitive the pricing is.
Full corporate dang
What a gorgeous beast.  It's the classic boat design, with living room interior.  Driving this must be like floating on a cloud (between the lush seats and the mushy suspension lol).  As for that engine, just one look and I can tell you it was doomed to fail.  Just way too much innovation at one go, too much revolution and not enough evolution.  Just got started on your latest installment, and I know this is going to be a very entertaining ride haha.
Absolutely the most awesome episode ever, in so many ways! Thank you so much, Derek! Peter, the Pilgrim
Years ago I had one of these and the car rode and drove like a dream but under that hood was something totally different. Intimidation doesn't begin to explain all the hoses, wires,sensors on top of sensors .  I didn't keep it long because It was possessed with one problem after another. No sparkanators were gonna fix my cadi -lack  and what finally fixed it for me was watching it drive away on the back of a flatbed. Great video bud as usual. Really enjoy it.
Got my Hoodie Thank you Jessica
40 years later gm is still cramming garbage active fuel management crap down the world's hroat😮 Cool Caddy though!
I had a friend, down in Florida who got one of these new,, it was great till about 9K,, needless to say, they diabled the system, and he drove it 15 years..
I feel like you're in desperate need of safety glasses 🤓 maybe get some of those.
Was about to shut it down and head to back of truck to sleep.  Well guess not.  Fella is in to the end.
Death test while your under it come on.
It would have probably been easier to remove that engine and LS swap it. There is a reason why they discontinued that engine so soon. It's garbage. And you will have to swap it regardless.
hope the over lords are paying it forward to their star creators fairly?? 3 sets of adds within the first 11 minutes.... MOSES SANDLES ! that being said,  your worth it DEREK, love ya work..... this just in, 4th add at 17min... calculate that..... dereks bought all the beaters LOL
I'd be using that motor for a boat anchor ⚓️ and then finding me an old school Cadillac engine for it 😅
How does Jessica not talk to you while filling? She is so good
They missed the “new” TPS cover sheet….that’s what happened.
Derek climbing under and out from under that car makes sounds like me getting out of bed in the morning.
Great video been watching  now for  a few years now so natural
Pull the motor and replace it with a nice 396 Chevy.  You’ll never need to open the hood again.
Yesssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss bring the V8-6-4 on!  I have one in a 81 Seville, and I love it.
Hooray there will be morning coffee vice grip garage this weekend
She’s a beaut Clark!!!!
I have heard that most folks disconnect the 4-6-8 system and went full time 8cyl. You have the best stuff on YouTube and TV. Best wishes for you and family for the holidays.
Only channel that consistently puts out long content that i sit all the way through
The place you said the last oil change was  is where some of my best friends lived and right up  111 from there in Rickman and Cookville is where my wife's family is from as well. I didn't meet either of them in Tennessee but in Indiana small small world
Those things have been more sbc swapped than mustangs, lowrider favorite for sure, cut springs and some crown 13x7s 80 spoke special
I think it would be cool to make new tail light to body gap fillers out of old license plates. You can use them for more than just patching floors fellers and I ain't kidding ya. Old license plates are universal and versatile patch panels for any area of a car body lol
Two hours long! Holy smokes! Let's go!
Look at all the mouse chews on the hood insulation, that's not water in the airbox
1957 Bel-Air had an option for fuel injection
Ok here's what you need to do...lol LS swap it. Jack it up like a 4×4 and put you some ridiculously big wheels and tires on it. Lol
Oh no, the 4-6-8
YouTube videos have become an advertisement within and advertisement.
Derek you look like a Bigfoot in a vw bug in that caddy
As a Cadillac DeVille owner myself, and that being a very desirable early 80s Coupe.... I'd highly recommend fixing it's appearance issues, ripping that terrible 368ci V8-6-4 out of that thing, going to the junkyard and grabbing an iron block LS 6L, cleaning it up, and toss that along with at least a TH400, but better yet a TH700R4 or a 4L65/4L80 trans, and either keeping it, or selling it, because they're constantly going up in value, you won't find a clean one under 10k with 80k miles or less....hell, my 89 "Baby" DeVille (the FWD one) is valued at 7-10k in it's "good" condition, and the full sized RWD DeVille's are easily worth more
368ci was a decent engine if you got rid of the cylinder deactivation crap and slapped a Holley on top!
Over 2hrs of VGG... Yes Virginia, there is a Santa Claus...lol.
Definitely a bad idea at the time, Cadillac was ahead of their time on this one. But I think if you can keep it working, this car may be worth something for your kids. It's rare and weird.
Wow Derek ya could of had a V8..... Sorry had to go there. I'd do the carb swap.
So who won the Duster?
Ahhhh, she’s in great shape, engine wellllll, not so much. A shame really. I think if you get her home to Rusty Acres you should call her Vanna White.
early year saturn cars had auto track seatbelts as well
Betty White is going to be jealous
Your video quality is usually excellent! Today looks like it was filmed with a first game boy!
Just finished up watching the Caddy revival again from a few years ago and BOOM! New white caddy video.
Alway great, ....I'm guessing no more jellybean corvette.....
$1800 for that car is a steal! With no motor or trans it would still be a deal😂🍻🍻
I had an 81 caddy 4 door it had the 6 8 4 you can unplug it and it will just be a v8 ran mine like that for about 4 years.
ford escorts had the trap you in passive restraint.
328th comment, wohoo
Yay!
OEMs had the option of putting in automatic seat belts in lieu of converting an existing model to have airbags.
Pump on Captain's side is a vacuum pump.
Both Vice Grip Garage and Coldwarmotors with new videos today.... life is good!!!!
Ive been waiting for this my whole life !! As a owner of a 84 coupe deville lowrider, this was by far the best episode ever !!!
Those early fuel injection systems could be a nightmare, like you said carbs just worked 👍
Oh Yea
Always liked the saying of "it was running when parked"
This all reeks of a bad ignition switch. The fact that the MPG sentinel was coming on for you in certain positions and the erratic running could very well be a bad ignition switch. I had a very similar issue in my 83 Deville, Same ignition switch - When it failed, the computer would lose power / not get the full voltage unless you played with the key until it was in the right spot.
My boss bought a used Seville in the 80's with that engine. His mechanic loved him. Sold it in 6 months.
Pull out that junk motor and put an Oldsmobile 307 in its place. Will work flawlessly.
Cameraman needs a raise just for not cracking up every 5 minutes 😂
Oh second thought LS swap it.should ve able to buy rear piece on evil bay or find a donor coupe de ville.
Hey o’Reilly will you guys please come to eastern PA
you having legit cameraman is blowing my mind. don’t know if i like it. i like the solo tripod warrior on your own type of thing! bet a lot less work for you tho!
perfect candidate for an engine swap
Could you imagine if it was under 50k miles and you roll into a dealership to claim warranty work?? 😂
That's the same engine problem Chevy and GMC is having with the 5.3 the 6.0 engines the lifters compress and do not come back up just spent 9700 dollars on a engine repair
I've only just started the video, and I've seen almost every "will it run and drive home" videos.  But correct me if I'm wrong, is this the first video/production that has it's own dedicated camera man?  I'm sure on previous videos Derek wasn't the only person on scene with recording but I don't remember an actual dedicated cameraman following him throughout the revival.  I bet this makes the editing and all of the tri-pod placements, cameras etc a lot more streamlined to keep up with the demand of producing new videos.  Anyway, great to see the constant improvement on these ol' projects.
36:24 a magician never reveals his secrects... But I have to know how he got his big... self in that seat.
Can you buy the plastic pieces
These engineers are never held accountable, there's the reveal, marketing, magazine articles and by the time its discover to be booger the engineer(S) have long moved on to another division, new platform/model  ..mucking up something else.
I had a 93 Ford tempo, (cayman green) everything was cayman green,  that had the automatic seat belts on a track. I liked not having to reach back and grab the shoulder belt, but feeling trapped was terrible!
The 4,6,8 caddy was the worst engine ever built.
This caddy is out of the wheel house for sure….
The 80’s was a sad era for cars.
A feller can feel for a guy trying to get his rig ship shape tsssst tssssst!
Swap out that motor with Betty white.that is a nice caddy.
I really think instead of hold it, it was make the next one a double
POS Cadi, send to crusher. Who won the Duster??
@34:33 Bless you
Derbied many nicer than this thing...do the right thing derek let us derby it  c'mon.
4-6-8 is CRAZY ! Everything is Weird. Trash Dump !
Ford escort has the neck chocker 3000
Put a different motor in it ?
Beautiful old car, love the old Cadillacs
"Terminator Broccoli Injection Engine System"..... 🤔🤯😰
Derek, if u wanna drop that thing off in Indiana …. Js
I'm really sorry I had to pause a guy while you were looking under the hood but, i had to take a very important phone call okay continue   lol
Someone was probably getting ready to scrap it, wonder if the catalytic converter is missing?
I am in Macy's store in New York City right now. This video is bringing me right back down to Earth. I can't wait to get back to the sticks
Forget about the caddy, whats up with the cartoon van in the background!
Derrick 👍 🙋‍♂️ 👍
So weird to see him with a camera man.
I remember the big vacuum/mileage gauge and how many cylinders are in use.  LoL. It’s trash
That Cadillac is nothing a 502 Chevy B.B. would not cure 😂.
I was a GM mechanic in the 80's. My sister had one of those 8-6-4s. It makes the hair on the back of my neck stand up thinking about them....
Active fuel management is still being kicked around with GM .The Range AFM/DFM Disabler allows your V6 or V8 GM vehicle to run in full cylinder mode at all times, preventing the Active and Dynamic Fuel Management systems from dropping cylinders.
Is the camera blurry or do i just need to drink a couple barley pops to adjust my eyes?
V8,6,4 are garbage
Ford Escorts Tempo had thee ole choker belts
The dash reminds of the 90s and on Park Avenues
Soon to be parked next to Betty White!
I wonder if there's a way a guy could pull all the electrodigicals off this engine and run it as a regular V8. Feels silly to wonder that but you never know.   Edit: so my question is answered in the video.   Still hope you and the family are safe from those storms going through Tennessee right now.
Brother I love it every time you do the smell test and say what it smells like when you get to the interior of the vehicles! It cracks me up! Please keep doing them and if you can add it into Road Worthy Rescues show! Love your videos and how you add comedy into them I hope you can keep them going for many years! God bless you and your family! Awesome shows! My wife enjoys them as well.
I had two of this body style Caddy.  A 1980 with the 368, and a 87 with the Olds 307.  This one looks clean.
6:43 I was thinking it was whiter than a bluegrass concert lol
The electronics don’t age well from this era, namely the capacitors in the computer are leaky.
You know You are a fan when You could care less about the vehicle presented and You still watch the entire episode. "I dont... know! Help Me to understand." Lol
2 hours 20 minutes?? Thanks!!
We the anointed in your grace of work all know to well that you don't learn to well from your mistakes my friend and that just remember going forward SUCK IT IN MAN. Great content and absolutely hilarious Derek keep it up.
LS swap or Cummins!
😊 nice 1:20 I may see you around good ole Springfield one day!
Looks like Baby Betty White
Automatic seatbelts were around the end of the 80’s early 90’s right?
Paint looks intact?
Cylinder deactivation Derek  controlled by computer that shut the valves off and kept the cylinders from firing but had issues that's why it was only one year only 1981  she started IN  FIRST GEAR WAS IN V8 MODE  THE SECOND GEAR COMPUTER SHUT DOWN 2 CYLYNDERS TO  V6 MODE  AND THIRD GEAR COMPUTER SHUT DOWN 2 MORE CYLYNDERS  TO  V4 MODE was kinda strange when I first heard about as a kid my grandma's next door neighbor had a 1981 cadillac eldorado with that engine.......THAT ENGINE IS A 6.0 LITRE 368 CUBIC INCH V8 6 4. AND IN 1982 THEY CAME OUT WITH THE SMALLER  4100 4.1 LITRE 249 OR 250 CUBIC INCH CADILLAC V8 ENGINE WITH THROTLE BODY  DIGITAL FUEL INJECTION........OR A 4.1 LITRE BUICK 252 V6 ENGINE WAS ALSO AVAILABLE IN 1982 IN A CADILLAC THATS A BEAUTIFUL AND SWEET LOOKING CAR.....
Wow those hub caps are probably worth more than what you paid for that rig
i figured if an engine can befuddle derek its this abomination
Oh no Derek almost too nice!
Anyone else weirded out by a fella having another fella  move the camera around while he talks?
For 1,800 with 62K I would have to get that driving and cleaned up and I would absolutely drive it for awhile. Old Caddies drive like a cloud.
Seeing one of the most bad ass Caddys ever made on one of my favorite channels just made my heart smile.
Great episode, just a little dizzy from the camera work.
I drove the same car for years. 81 V864, white coupe..... AND...... I paid 1800 for mine in 1999.   crazy!
Weird seeing you with a camera person! At least when not on MT.
I really enjoy finding the shot where Derrick oddly slides into frame.
Run away Derek, run away!
1990-91 Honda Accord had those automatic seat belts not sure about the prelude, my third gen doesn't have them, it has the seat belts that come out of the door. Both designs are very interesting a guy might add
Orielly's has been helpful the last couple times I was there.
Wonderful 80's GM. Mom had an 83 Fleetwood with the HT4100 and that was another crap engine. That's when we shifted her over to Lincoln Towncars.302 Much less headache.
Just wanted yall to know in gooding idaho ish there is an amazing junkyard with every car ever there . All the chrome ,lights , it was the most amazing junkyard ive ever seen . They had 8 gremlins , caddys , they had a station wagon as wide as a road . They shopped 3 cars to australia a couple week ago . If you happen to be inthe area i highly recomend checking it out .
If you ever get tire of working on cars you will be the best comedian ever!
I had one of these 1981 with the burgundy color wished I never got rid of it
34:30 in my neighbor's called the cops on me for a noise complaint 😂 guess they thought I was yelling
The engine itself  was fine. The  problem  was the  computer.  The 4.1 was designed  for  the downsize  85 models
I would suggest u put the drivers seat back some and lower so u can get in and out
Please do something with this just keep white walls on her
At least working at O'reilly's shop you don't have to take an Uber to town to get parts. (I may be wrong by the end of the vid, of course). I'm also so sorry that I laugh at your troubles with the carb, or getting a stupid muffler off the car. The truth is, every car project is like that for me, and I'm no car whisperer like you are. So I laugh, because I'm feeling the frustration you're feeling, and I feel better!
I remember the active cylinder gauge not working every time I looked at it.  But what a beautiful car.
Wait a minute feller,,, a guys gotta get a wobble pop!!!
In the kick panel those are not map pockets they are trash cans. Come out really easy to dump.
Wow two shows in one week first thing Monday morning and now Saturday I can’t believe it but I guess gotta I’m looking right at it!
Imagine an LS and 700R4 trans.
Betty White needs a partner.
Cruella Deville haunting , careful she ate puppies for breakfast 😮!
If you deleted all unnecessary parts and wires you could reduce about 900 pounds off that car
The cameraman is making me dizzy.
HELL YA!!! A SUPER LONG VIDEO!!!
I love 80s coupes
u actually barfed !!
Derek, get rid of that car. Well, change the motor, if not, get rid of the car. You do not want the headache of owning this.
omg 2 hour video I'm in heaven xD
Comment
"Whiter that a Celine Dion concert"!  Lol.  😆🤣😂
My first car was a 81 Sedan DeVille with a 350 Oldsmobile diesel. My second car was a 1983 8 6 4 Fleetwood. Technically wasn't there, but in the early to mid 2000's that cylinder deactivation was reintegrated.
Anyone know what Derek did for a living before Youtube?
Feels weird Derek actually having a camera person
The solenoids for the valves normally have to be hooked up. They should need power to be in V8 mode. I hope to build an 8-6-4 500cui Cadillac at some point. For now I've just got my 1978 DeVille, soon to have an LS
My neighbor after two years and massive breakdowns, took that boat anchor out and found a 500 cubic inch out of a early 70's coupe deville.tranny also. Don't know why they made that mess of caddy.
Derek! .. do yourself and all of us an enormous ..ginormous faver and perform a cameraman delete
I think you should get the body fillers and redo this halfbaby. Just enough to look nice some new wheels like the other caddy you did
Did you guys use your storm shelter this evening? Lots of bad weather in your neck of the woods. I hear Franklin, Gallatin and Hendersonville got hit pretty hard.
i had 2 of those, one was a good car. other was junk. but by far the worst cadillac i ever had was a 2001 deville, 4.6 northcrapstar
An appropriate car for an LS swap.
Yer own camera operator now?  Or was that O'Reilly?
Had one of these, took that turd under the hood out and put a small block in there lol
Vgg when are you going to work on a real impala 😢❤
Plus all the Roadworthy Rescue content on MoterTrend! Watched all of it!!!!!!
Your trunk hinges has the shocks instead of the torsion bars like some of the others have..
I think 25min is the fastest ive seen Derek hit my feed
I used to work on them when I was in my 20’s back in the 80’s. They were pretty simple and I worked on the Diesels also. The gas engine was the 4.1 liter boat anchor and the Diesels were 5.7 liters. I preferred the Diesels because I had a way of getting them to run perfectly. Ahh the old days!!
I'm predicting that solid looking Caddy winds up hittin' on all 8 all the time.  She'll be goin' to town and in style. Edit: With a carb.
Those v.d.o.v engines were notorious for being garbage and wayyyy over complicated you should just yank that boat anchor out and look for a 429/472/500 inch CAD to replace the gremlin prone underpowered POS that's in it originality be darned
I was starting to get nervous if the best of the best of the best was even gonna have anything worth watching tonight 🙏🥵.
This is what you get when you let union morons into your SHOP!
My Saturday night clean entertainment!
As a career auto tech and enthusiast growing up in Springfield, I have spent a lot of time on that particular campus. I hope my home town treated a feller well.
Thanks for sharing 😀👍
Will it run and drive??  The bigger question is did it run and drive when it was new.  Those 8-6-4 engines were terrible.
That document shows that Cadillac and GM only provide a warrantee for 5 years or 50,000 miles.  50,000 miles?  How come Mercedes cars last forever?  Cadillac is only going to stand behind you for 50,000 miles on the odometer.  WTF?
Love it! I would daily one. lol
Little trees...lol
What a treat. 2 hour revival, thanks!
Your video is so good
Hold my cold snack... Put it on a t-shirt ASAP!!
Thank you for this content,   This is the best automotive channel on you tube. Keep up the awesome work.
Sell me the car 😂😂😂
Dude at the 10 minute mark when you let the map holder go and all the dust blew into your face, i honestly havent laughed that hard all week😂
2.5 hours?!?  YES!  Cold snack and ready to hunker down!  :)
EFI? Am I in the right universe?
Why would you buy that piece of shit boat? Isnt there any muscle cars around?  Come on man your not that old yet.quit with the old people s cars !!
I would park that in the wife's spot.  I would not let her drive it either. She would not be happy.
I had this car in high school 1995 same color, engine everything wow this really takes me back
Yep that was luxury 40 years ago, I wonder how many times someone is going to suggest that would be good for a LS swap. How about an LS 7 ? If any car would deserve it this one would.
Didge colts had them seat belts
My father had one of these back in 85, pearl white outside and Burgundy inside with the gangster wide white walls, all the bells and whistles. He was an architect for the US Army and passed from complications to agent orange in 87. I vividly remember going to town on the car with markers on the drivers side as as a toddler. ii later found out in life I was his last of 17 kids.
I'm confused I thought you hurt your paw and weren't coming out with new episodes, don't get a guy wrong I'm glad you have but are you better or was this something saved?
The 368 V-8 is an OK motor if you de-activate the cylinder deactivation.
I love your channel man! Get back to the roots and dig out some stuff from the woods lol
500 miles of vacuum hose!
The video quality is getting pretty serious Derek 🤣😂
Man this guy loves those cars
Engine swap candidate for sure. GM modern version doesn't work either you'd think they would have learned
Is there any way to contact you about engine work? Or even a consultation/diagnosis?
Awesome
Looks to be fairly clean two-door nice I love those with a V8 she better get up and move
I'd say the biggest waste of space in human history was paper which part was maps. The google map took care of that issue.
Did anyone else immediately think this would be fun candidate for the C5 drive line that was pulled from totaled Vette?
I had one w the 4100 motor. Horrible
So can he actually taste the conventional 10/30 bcus iv always wondered about people tasting the oil..???
I had a ‘78 sedan deville with that engine.  Nightmare.  It needed valve cover gaskets every 3 months.  Oil return ports waaaay undersized.
Engine swap material
Derek, I've been watching your videos from the begging. They are very entertaining but recently they have been getting too long. Only speaking for myself, if a video is over an hour, I either don't watch it, or if its one of yours, I jump through it. Keep them coming, but maybe a little shorter. Thanks
Then they brought it back in the northstar engine  mid to late 90s
STOP WHATEVER YOU ARE DOING!!!! VGG UPLOADED BABY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!🤘🤘🤘🤘🤘🤘
It was junk from the factory like most gm products !
"Everything is gonna be fine...nope. Send help!"  Couldnt be more excited to watch the rest of this.
"Whiter than a Celine Deon concert..."  I'm stealing that
VGG and cold snacks a great way to finish my day 😎😎👍👍
Boat anchor
Kind of looks like you can cut the bumper off the bumper,,, and screw that Chrome to the body somewhere, but where is the fuel filler....
I say put a LS in it.
I was only 18 years old (mid 80's) when I saw my 1st 4/6/8 Caddy. My boss was quick to tell me that they were absolute garbage.
Ok this ol rig is crying for a heart transplant and go on HRPT 2024.
Best content on YouTube!!
Here we goooooooooooo! Or was it let's gooooooo! I can't remember.
Wow! Those hubcaps are likely worth at least $1,000! Taking bets what that hood ornament's worth,, $300?  More?
that Caddy is a extreme classic... when they were selling them the computers were unfortunately to slow, this one you should keep, will be worth a fortune...congratulations on your find!!!!! nice one!!!!
Over 2 hours!  This is going to be like watchin' the entire Lonesome Dove miniseries in one sitting...
My uncle owned a Cadillac dealership back then, he drove a different Caddy every week.  He drove one of these new V8/6/4s all the way from St. Louis to New Orleans and back.  He did not like it at all 😀 Oh R.I.P. door bushings 😄
OOF-ta... love ya Man, but the Shiny Commercialized Look is not the way. PLEASE DONT LET THEM HAVE INPUT / Takeover 🙏   PS, Camera Guy WAS TERRIBLE
I do know you can get those parts
First thing deleting that system. Worked on many there was a delete setup.
Those hub caps are the incorrect kind.. they go on the 80 - 84 Oldsmobile 98 model..
Hope you guys are safe from the tornadoes going through Tennessee tonight.
A guy hasn't been this early to a VGG revival in....ever!
Man, that takes me back to my childhood years, my grandparents had two of those cars, one was a 2 door and another was 4 door. Such big ole boats.
I need some good entertainment today, finally trying to get my life back together, got my license back and bought a car ( long story) on the way home the transmission went out on the car I have been working my ass off to buy after driving it 100 miles on a test drive with no issues what so ever, just my luck. Thankfully the guy I bought it from gave my money back.. so not as bad as it could be but damn.. my luck sometimes
Love the long videos
Time to roll one !!!
Yes!! I remember my pops had one...just for a year...hated it.
Every man deserves at least 1 Caddy in his life. I ain't there yet. This one has a good body. I see an LS in it's future.
Perfect candidate for an LS swap
Derby Car
Doing tune ups 4 a living ( RICHARD PETTYS ) the 4-8 Caddy’s started on 8 , + reduced to 4 , WIERD , We sent them elsewhere.
V8-6-4?  I had a used one in the '90s.  when it fails, it becomes a V8 and the the cutoff does not work and fails.
She's a beut' Clark!
A day late but never a dollar short 2hr episode lfg a feller always pays his debts
Love me some VGG at any time! Good lookin Caddy, and more great content. Thanks for all that you do Derek!
😂😂😂😂 you looked like me working on my caddy, the frustration priceless, it was great to share my pain, thanks😂😂😂 great show BTW 💪❤️ from Detroit 💯
I'm just saying man. Body by fisher. What a score.
First, junk the engine.
Love that car Derek! Just logged in and see it. At first I thought this was 'Betty',, now I see it's a 2 door coupe' Yeayyyy!!
Had that same car in about 1988 bad 468 bought it for 500 stuck a 455 in it , drugged it and ran with real spokes and slicks
AHHH YES, THE FAMOUS 4/6/8 from Cadillac!! I got AWESOME fuel mileage with them........... until the solenoids under the valve covers went bad......😂
I've been there. Trusting the random guy on a forum from 1998.
She does look super clean
God I love me an old school Caddy!
"whiter than a Celine Dion concert" 😂😂😂
Know what I’m doing for the next 2 hours and 20 minutes! Love these long episodes and love VGG!
more likely it was parked when it was running
That thing would be like driving  a sofa.
Thanks Derek for movie night!!!  A fella, fellett and the little human are set!
Anyone notice the difference in the garage?
Wow!  I had an '82 Fleetwood Brougham in red.  Remember, the first Cadillac was red in 1902.  That is all North America has to go against Mercedes Benz.
whaaaaat?2 hours of VGG at 1am?i can't belive it...but i am watching it....
Please go back to the tri-pod. I'm getting Blair Witch vibes trying to watch this.
They also put those engines in their Sierra trucks for a real short time
Very nice body style. Now, about that motre? Got an extra 427 lying around?
"Hold my cold snack - I got this".  Perfect 😁  Recommendation?  Haunted.  Sell.  Or keep it for a Halloween/Scooby Doo special episode next year 👻
2 hours? Christmas came early! Thank you for all you do. Happy Holidays to you and yours Derek.
81 the best year to be born 😅
Love your videos and I am picking up somethings to keep in mind if something happens with my vehicle.  Keep up the videos it's definitely great content and the best of Youtube
Cold snacks, beef jerky and cheese, living room tv?... Engaged.
Those motors SUCK
I want one of these so dang bad, love these old cadi devilles.
I just finished harrasing someone about selling a 4-door Fleetwood similar to this, get home & open up youtube to this gem. I'll proceed with the purchase tomorrow ❤
I worked 25 plus years for a tier one supplier for the big three, and I had a GM engineer tell once that most new technology was first put on Cadillac to work through the bugs because Cadillac owners were the most brand loyal and they made fewer vehicles overall if there was a recall it involved fewer vehicles.
"sensor, sensor , what goes to a sensor, sensor another sensor" LMAO Congrats you just worked on my Audi 😂
One of my favorite things about the old school Cadillac is the headlight monitors on the header panel.
What a gem!
What a nice old car.  I'd add this one to the keeper list....great candidate for an LS swap.
A guy has a going to town rig that shines!  Betty White will be jealous!
Yes! I was wondering if we were getting a video. Better late than never. Hated that motor. I was driving a tow truck back in the 90’s. I showed up at the Boston tow yard to tow one. Older guy was picking it up after it broke down and it was towed by the city. It wasn’t until we were heading to his house that he confessed that he couldn’t pay me, spent all his money on fee’s. So I swung by my buddies shop and we basically disconnected stuff and got it running again. Don’t remember what we did, but the old fella was thrilled, thanked us with tears in his eyes and drove off with a smile.
I’ll listen + watch ERIC 4 2+ hours because his so interesting!
It's okay to be a smoker
Sweet! Hey Derek check us out for laugh! Keep ‘‘em coming!
Man I wish I’d known this guy before he was rich
Hitting the like button before the adds are finished 🎉🎉🎉
Betty White II ?
Dude   Pull that POS and replace it with a 403 Olds. They go right in and work great
First!  Hahahahahahahahaha!
You had alot of patience in dealing with that car. But it seems like a hopeless mess and I would pretend a guy never saw it.
Saturday's as gooder as Friday. Thanks.
I “Thumbs Up” before a feller could even  bleep bloop the play button!!! VGG 2024🇺🇸
The infamous 8-6-4... I'm predicting a future LS swap
It’s been up for four minutes, over 2500 views!
Still rockin' great shows! Thanks Derek!
Who is working the camera...
Camera man?!?
How the hell do you keep producing content so fast?
Sent one of these through a demolition derby, it was actually an extremely tough car. The alternator and serpentine belt is in a horrible spot. To close to the rad cradle. Mods are required in that area.
This feller will wait till video done before asking, “whose garage is  that in the intro”? Good Times!
Thanks!
The 8 6 4 should have the ability to kill a pair of cylinders or 4 when not needed.
Woot!  Better late than never!  Cant wait to watch it all!
Notin' better then VGG with a cold snack on a Saturday night!
Chili mac & a 12 pack.. LETS GO!!
648 disconnected and it'll be greatReal way to fix this get rid of those stupid solenoids that's just garbage have a great day
I clicked this as fast as I could, VGG is definitely my favorite thing on YouTube.
Woohoo. Love the CHANNEL
Got here in the first minute
A what.. 8,6,4,?
Awesome! I always try to watch immediately if not sooner.
I'll be dipped.. Saturday just got even better with a new video out.  Thank You for all your hard work!
+
Beauty
Ill be dipped
The best channel on the internet! 👍🇨🇦
57 seconds!? I've never been this early.
Outstanding!  Except I'm going to have to set 2 alarms Monday, because now I think it's Friday.  😂. Seriously, buckled up and ready to watch.  Thank you as always ~ Chuck. EDIT: I have to write it, I'm old enough to have ridden in one of these when it was new.  System worked very well, and it was fun watching the screen showing the switch from 8 to 6 to 4.
Hey hey! Love having a fantastic video to relax to on a Saturday!
Can’t wait 😮
A guy wasn’t expecting to be the first to comment and wasn’t expecting for another video never can have to much vgg content
Who won the duster and the nascar?? Never heard anything
Yeah!!!!
Hell yeah brother 😂😢🎉🎉🎉
Wassup Derek, thanks for the content. All the best from the U.K
SATURDAY NIGHT SPECIAL!!!  WOOOO HOOOOO!!!!
Love the videos and cars you choose
Awesome content I’d love to do a project like this in my channel some day
🎉 Awesome!
Not first.
WOOOHOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!
Clicked on it right away. Thanks for the uploads and inspiration!
🎉
2 HOURS! Hell yeah
Yea getting running
Sweet baby jesus
First!
I wanna do something like this
Dang it - thought I made it first!!!  Great Saturday surprise - love these RUN AND DRIVE videos😊!!
First
First!
I love these videos.  I love all your content.
yo!
Let’s go
