Love this playlist. Amazing job. For the owls, they'll never nest in that box. Too much traffic and predators. As well there's nowhere for the owlets to fledge. If you want them to nest? They absolutely need the cover of the trees or forest to nest. I'm an obsessed with owls... lol. What a wonderful area you've built here. Just beautiful.  Sudbury, Ontario, Canada 🇨🇦✌️
I'm not too sure if you know this or not but if you look very close under fox's belly you'll see nipples she has babies. As she runs across the tire tracks soon as she gets into the left lane of that tire teacks look at her belly you see nipples.   Some more heads up The company that works on my quad told me that these work companies are used peanut oil to help lubricate the wires. I have no idea what that means. I have The same kind of problems as you. Manufacturers are using peanut oil to help lubricate the wires to pass through the plastic. I have no idea but every year thay eat up my wires and have to replace wires on my quad because the mice are chewing it up.
I don't think your bat house is high enough. usually need to be 15-20 feet high
Archie and Betty
Some of the best trees to plant for wildlife is fig tree and crabapple
Hello, my name is Danny, and I am a new subscriber.  I have been watching your videos and find them very educational.  I don't know if anyone else has suggested this to you or not, but I think you should do a calendar with your Crimson   Oak   Pond logo on the front and various shot of wildlife throughout the months.  On the very back of the calendar you can post your recipes.
Bat box should be at least 8 feet tall, they bats need a drop to be able to catch air to fly. If it's too low they hit the ground and have to climb up to a higher spot, leaving them vulnerable to predators such as owl capone
Damn I don't like when it's time to feed Mr. Moby
Man the footage keeps getting better!!!
You should put like a floating dock and a small shed on alcatraz island, great content!!
I'd be worried about the Canadian geese. Here in the northeast, they have become a real nuisance. They become "domesticated" and don't migrate, and that is the trait their hatchlings have also. They eat and crap continuously, and will put quite a nitrate and nutrient load on your water. it will bear watching.
liking these videos like crazy.  if there's any room for more names on the bass  How about HECKBONE ? thanks for the video updates.  they help with the daily unwinding.
I'd keep an eye on those hogs. If they start breeding you have to put them down.
With the extra wood I'd say at least a bench or long bench  to sit and relax and/or picnic tables? Not sure if anyone has said this 🤔😊
Def need to get rid of those hogs before they breed
Name the geese Maverick and Goose :-)
You should mix the pellets half-and-half
Just found this channel. As a kid that lives in the City now but grew up on the country side, I love your lifestyle. Its my dream to leave the City and go back to the country and live like this with nature.
That poor steak, He stayed in the grill so... so... long , that he didn't have any of my favorite pink in the center,
Just recently discovered this series this week but I'm loving catching up on all the videos. Great stuff
They’re Canadian geese. We joking call them cobra chickens cuz they’re vicious lol
As your food crops grow, those hogs will stay around and feed. Drawing more hogs in. Watch this closely. You may eventually be over run with them. Necessitating  numbers control measures. Please consider.
Name the geese duke and dutchess
Did I miss the cost of this project? I've watched all the videos I think 🤔
Ralph Roe and Theodore Cole
With the leftover oak, build a big picnic table for your cookouts.
I am sory, I got it wrong, the bright star before sunrise is Sirius the Dof star Sirius follows behind Orion and I can see Orions belt of three stars preceeding sirius by  a bit.
If the canadian geese stay, name them Bob and Doug McKenzie for the great white north.
Aquatic plants you can add to the pond. Elodea anacharis, hornwort, Sagitarria, Valisanaria, Bacopa carolinia, Ledwigia repens. All of these should be US natives, but double check.
That bat box definitely needs to be much higher
Aren't you worried about him jumping out of the pond after you move him?
Rocks logs everything for the bait fish
More structure near all of the shoreline
rich
You have to bring sand and build a beach to the little girl....
Put you a clear Lexan front on the owl house so you can watch the inside.
Those are Canadian Geese. They should be Rush and Shania,
Name them Bonnie and Clyde😅
The owlnest should have a little shade, you'll coock the chicks, that's why they might not nest.
Such an agressive fish. Chilll
Is there anyway you can put gps trackers on Bonnie and Clyde? Would love to see there movements threw the pond.
Fred and Ethel.
Name the cabin The Owl's Nest or The Duck Blind
Name the geese Glenn & Glenda
Bonnie and Clyde
Harley and Davidson
Geese names = Cheese and Quackers
How are you going to keep the fruit and citrus tree from freezing to death the coming winter?
You could make an eagle roost. BASICALLY a wooden tree they can make a nest in.
For the geese: Batman & Robin
Won't the field mice eat all the crops in the garden, as well as the deer and feral hogs?
Bill and Daisy for the two 😏
how about this two names for the Geese...  Deputy and Sheriff?  They have defend your ducks.
Nice video. Very calming.  What do you do for a living?
Man you crazy letting those pigs run around free.
For the bat box one of the best places to mount is on the side of a barn or house usally at the top of the arch facing south. If you have trouble getting bats you can get bat pheromones that will help attract them.
Thanks again for making these videos.  We look forward to watching all of them.
Simon and Garfunkel
Million Dollar pond???
Bob and Doug (Mackenzie, from Strange Brew) Names from a classic  Canadian movie for a couple of Canadian geese.
The names should be Bonnie and Clyde
remember pigs are invasive in North America just like russian soldiers in Ukraine. you should get rid of them before they root everything up, at least you can get bacon .......
you and your wife names
I’d name the honkers Shake and Bake.
I would have a few crocs in
Calamity Jane and Wild Bill  or Johnny and june for the geese
Female geese should be named Ala and male geese should be named Bama.
I think the owls aren’t using the house is it’s in the middle of nowhere with no cover.  If you had trees around it they would totally use it.  It’s too “exposed”
Name the geese "Bonnie & Clyde"
Name the female goose Tiffany and Greg
The pigs will eat the potatoes if you don’t put hog wire around it.
Goose Springsteen and Goose Willis lol
You should name the geese "swoop" for the one that attacked the decoy and "goober" for the chill funny one
I Think hank and honk are pretty funny names for the geese
It's been a year🤯🤯🤯 wow my friends would call me crazy but they'll never find out.
It means no worry.
This is by one guy🤔
what about adding blue bond dye and same alum to help with pond clarity? id love to go swimming !
Hey bama bass just curious how big does a bluegill bed need to be and what type of bait fish would be good for a small bass pond?
Found your channel not too longo ago , one of my dreams is to one day have a place like this . This is beautiful so peaceful
Upload earlier lol i have to wait til midnight ish in the uk lol I'm here at 5.20pm waiting for an upload knowin it's like 7hours away
Really need to shoot those hogs
what decoy brand do u use?
EJ and Richard.. Since it’s Alcatraz island.. EJ and Richard were two out of the four main guards of Alcatraz island.. being as geese help defend (guard) the ducks.. I feel those would suitable names..
Canadian geese...Bob and Doug!
Wow, it's really coming along nicely. The bass you will be stocking will feast mightily! By the way, those "wild" geese you spotted are actually Canada Geese. I suggest you call them Bob and Doug after the classic Canadian comic duo from the show SCTV. Your Canadian fans will love it! Thanks for all of your hard work.
Tuxedo and Silky would be great names for the geese in their fine clothes/feathers!
What happened to the weekly episodes?
Lucy & Goosey
Check out Titan BASS (red hills fishery) There using genetics and selective breeding to produce very large trophy bass.
Lucy And Desi
Reeeeeee
Who all is ready to see mobey in there? 👍🏾👍🏾
When's the next video on the pond bro love how it's coming alone ... Awesomeness my dude
bonnie and clyde ! for the geese
The Geese could be the Broadway patrol of Alcatraz
The names for the geese should be “Tango” and “Cash”
I would eliminate the hogs…. Looking great 👍🏼
John and paul after the the two old geezer from the beetles
Those are Canada Geese, so how about Wayne and Schuster.
Geese:Bo and Luke Duke
Good name for the geese would be “Geezer” and “Gander”
Poncho and lefty for the geese
Or Peanut butter and jelly
Or name Adam and Eve
Name the geese jack and Jill
Greg and Gretchen for the geese names.  They’re getting ready to lay eggs and if they pick this spot and hatch them safely they’ll return each year most likely.
Name of the geese should be "Adam and Eve"
i had a dream God and the angels are going to the earth.
Geese names goose and maverick
the geese are paired up and will be nesting soon. Will become very territorial once they lay eggs. Steer clear once that happens.
Ronnie & Reggie for the Geese! New subscriber but I've watched a few and I love them. Thank you.
You should put a vouple koi in the pond .I love your videos!
Lolli and Pop for the geese is what I thought of
The geese should provide fertilizer as well!
You might have already answered this question.  I wanted to know if you are going to put in any Lilly pads? I absolutely love to run a frog across those pads. Just seeing them blow up those pads going after the frog is awesome!
The family time is what it's all about my friend!!!
I think the Geese should be named Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid!
Geezer and Goozer. Geezer was yelling at that decoy, "Get off my lawn!"
Not sure why but I think Jack and Jill would be good names for the geese
Call the geese maverick and goose
Name them Thelma and Louise !!!!
Im trying to use your method of bass go dep and when they spawn they find the quickest spot
Are you going to tag moby or your other bass when it’s time for them to go into the pond?
Absolutely love to see the Bat house. They need all the help they can get in NA, right now due to illnesses affecting them. A nose fungus..  I would recommend moving that bat house higher for pups.  Also, consider adding even more bat houses, of varying sizes. Large colonies use multiple roosts, and use rest stop during the nights.  You likely even have extremely large colonies coming through, they are in the 1000s. Those colonies require much larger "Bat Hotels", which end up being CRITICAL pitstops during migration periods.   Factoid: 100 little brown bats may eat 19.2 kg (42 lb.) of insects in four months.   They are NOT rodents, live up from 10-33 years, have a huge impact on annoying bugs like mosquitoes, (1000 bats would mean 420lbs of bugs in four months). They even grow up with family members, within their colony.
Give those hissing a-holes Canadian names eh 😀
Sunny and Cher for the geese
You need more bait fish variety, just fatheads isn't very healthy.   Also adding bluegill, pumpkin seeds, maybe perch would further help provide better food options for your bass.  I'm also hoping you will add aquatic plants in time as well.
Why is the pond such a weird color?
Put some red wigglers on Alcatraz island
I think you should name the geese, Bo and Luke Duck 😂😂 instead of duke. This videos are so cool by the way! Watched every one ever since the first one!
Hey, you should put a small shed on the island for a push mower it could help you out on the weed eating
Are you going to put Moby in the pond?
A willow or something would be awesome on the island
It would be amazing to eventually have a live-streamed aquaview camera down by the dock to see the bass grow.
What camera do you use to record at night ?
71% of the earths surface is covered in water. I know let’s cover the the rest of the worlds land in water before global warming can.😂
Build something taller and closer to the tree line for the owls! They can get a better lay of the land and might feel more comfortable. This place should be deemed a wildlife sanctuary!
Name them Tom and Jerry
Sandy and Danny for the geese
Bonnie and Clyde
One of the geese names should be the big legooski
idk if i said it before but you should put crayfish in that pond too bass liek crayfish you guys call them crawfish same thing i think...a bunch of those wiht soem rocks or seomthing to hid eout.
simon and garfunkel for the geese just because
You have very angry fish 😁
When Lucy and one goosey
Has anyone recommended getting a couple of beehives?   If you don't want to own your own hives maybe you could get a local beekeeper to runs some hives on your property.  Beekeepers do this and usually pay rent in honey.  There are so many benefits to having them there especially with the orchard you're planting. Looks like a great spot to set up some hives!
The geese should be named Johnson and Brooklyn
love it xoxx
Love all these videos.
Uh oh 9 days since last upload. 😬 Hope all is good on your end. I'm jones-ing without your weekly uploads 😅
Geese maybe name them celine and seth after (celine dion and seth rogan) 2 famous "canadians"
Name them "Maverick" and "Goose" after seeing them buzz the decoys like that!
Bonnie and Clyde for the geese
PLEASE POST ANOTHER VIDEO😡
or they should be named gussy and golly which is another great name. Your pond has inspired me to thinking about making my own pond… - thanks so much
I think the names should be Gussy and Gabby so they can have a wonderful friendship and it is a cool combination:)
Bonnie & Clyde is my vote for your new resident geese.
The Canadian geese should be Bob and Doug, after the famous Bob & Doug McKenzie , from the SCTV of the 70s and 80s 🇨🇦
Name the geese 'Bob and Doug McKenzie' from the movie Strange Brew.
You should make the two geese Tom and Jerry
I hope there is a good plan to keep the wildlife from visiting the garden. After all, they have become accustomed to the farm made for them just a few yards away. I hope to see a cool fencing project. Or an innovative way to coexist with wildlife.
Plant some reed, water lillies and aquatic plants for the snails, fish and algae to feed on. You don't have to feed the fish pellets if they got reed to eat...
Love the video's! Hope they pay you enough for the knife adv. cause they bother me to much. Alot of talk about it would make me not look any further...
Name them Bert and Ernie
I was just looking back over the videos and was wondering are you going to add some crayfish or did I miss that? I remember going crawfishing as a kid and it was fun, I'll bet Sara would like that and you could do that with her relatively faster than having to wait for the fish to get bigger.
So sick, I would to stay here for a weekend help out etc
New subscriber love youur web series
Really enjoy watching you making this pond and adding different kind of stuff around and on it. I think those two geese should be name “Dextor” and “Fanny” . Can’t wait for more videos on the pond!
Beautiful family you have there. I am envious
Hi, bamabass! My name is Tristan, I am ten years old. I think that you should name the two geese Abigail and Amelia like the two geese on Aristocats. Have a great day!
Honk Solo for the goose
This is dumb. People are dying of starvation and you dig a hole.
I imagine that when the bass are in it wont be long until theres only bass in the pond... what will they be fed then ?!
I think the name for the geese should be "Dan" and ''Ann".
Can’t wait for progress on The channel. Only one I watch on YouTube now. Makes sense the time and dedication. I could watch hour long videos of the pond and you planting up the fields.
Pretty sure you can see a field mouse's eyes in the bottom left around the 7:13 mark? Or is that something else? Cuz it disappears in the next clip. Anyways, another banger pond vid, thanks for the content!!
My wife and I talked about Canadian names for the geese. We like the names Maple and Monty (Montreal)
Bonnie and Clyde should be the names for the geese!
Geese should be named Wyatt Earp and Doc Holliday
Ole and Lena
If the geese are going to protect your ducks, they’re your top guns. Name em Maverick and Goose!
You have NO idea about what you're doing...just throwing in Good $ after bad . GREEN pond. Algae, sucking out Oxygen. Nasty.
chuck and larry
I have a couple of names for the two geese, especially given the name of the bayou and the way Clyde reacted .  The geese should be called Bonnie and Clyde.  Just a thought.
Adam and eve for the two geese since they are the first on the island.
man so impressive,your building my dream lol great job
Please name the geese Mary Kate & Ashley. Thank you for sharing your pond progression!
Name them duck duck and goose.
Can we see the backside of the damn? Just curious if your getting anymore water flow
names for the geese Jake "Joliet Jake"  and Elwood J. the Blue Brothers from the sky to the lake
Name the geese Starsky and Hutch
Name for the geese Thelma and Louise
23:23   Hermosa elección Hermosa elección Hermosa elección    Hermosa
Reece and Denise the geese
Do you have a job or just do YouTube full time ?!
Jane and billy is a good name for those two geese
Flotsam and Jetsom
I have a question what happen to the small backyard pond what’s up with other fish like sheriff, Bonnie and Clyde , Master  splinter in the turtles what’s up with them video of them in a minute
I like your voice over the video !!!
Sean and Nick, ie The Rock
This is how I imagine living my American Dream
Okay how about Moon & Shine
BamaBass, I love what you’re doing with your place. You’re definitely living the dream of many or most of your viewers. Congrats to you and your family for that. On to the geese…I’m assuming you’ve got a male and female, (since they mate for life) so why not pay a little homage to your neighbor states and name the male “George” and the female “Missy”?  Just a thought.  Looking forward to your next video!
fred and ethel for the geese names!
The geese should be named Pierre and Alexander
You spend money like it's going out of style.  How do you fund all this cool stuff?
Do you have any idea how disappointing it is to get all the way to Sunday and NOT have a new episode to watch???
You should name the geese after a famous Canadien couple. Celine and René (Celine Dion and René Angélil)
Such an awesome series of clips!!! So darm cool!!!
Was hoping for the next episode lol. Looks like next Sunday it is.
Great video once again! I think the names should be Monte and Maple! Cheers!
The names for the geese should be Bonnie and Clyde
In Florida when we dig a pond or lake on property they dig deep and sell all the dirt usually put a well in the middle of make a water fountain out of it keep the water moving
You might want to keep an eye on the hogs with your pond damn. Don't really want em rootin up the fresh grass. Just a thought. Everything is looking great! Keep up the great videos.
Cant wait for summer!
Lucy & goosy for the geese names
You should name one of them honker
Should name the geese Bonnie and Clyde
I bet if you move the duck enclosure out to the island somehow, once you let them out they will return to the island each night
Curious about what kind of water plants you will put IN the pond. To make the pond more self sustainable.
i really want to name them geese Mr. Salt and Mrs. Pepper
Watch a Foreigner stories in phillipines
You should name the geese jack and Sally... like from the classic movie night before Christmas... that'd be awesome
I think Bonnie and klyde  would be a good name for the geese
Name the lake after the best bass lake there is Lake Baccarac in Mexico. Name yours "Bama Baccarac" or a version of that.
You should name the geese Bonnie and Clyde
lol was so proud of my self for knowing that was abat box before he said it they are the coolest way to keep away moths and skeeters at a bbq..lol dinner and a show
Girl: Ryan Boy: Goosling
should name the pair "the canadian air force" and i second the annie and oakley names said by Lucas.. excellent work Bama. looking amazing
havent you heard ? uncle sam is trans now.  its aunt samatha now
Sorry  Tom n jerry
Call them tomorrow n jerry
Name them bonnie and clyde.
BTW, we thoroughly enjoy watching when you feed Moby.
I'm just guessing it's a PR...male/female.
Hiss & Giggle...  Peanut Butter & Jelly...  Can & Ada...  More goose names.
My husband, Paul Neumann, & I watch your progress on our ROKU TV.  We raised a Canadian Goose INSIDE our home when we lived in WV.  After he was grown, we FINALLY found a waterfowl rehabber in VA & took him there so he could find a mate & be a goose.  He was lost in a storm - no sign of any others or parents.  I mistook it for a wood duck... Our youngest daughter, Hope, found him & he imprinted on her.  This was before Google, I believe.  Anyway, it was one of the hardest things we've ever done...saying goodbye.  His name was Sketch.  My name is Trudy Neumann here from Lyndora, PA - part of Butler County.
hi👋
Samson and Delilah for the geese names, they seem to be a breeding pair, if they are, they mate for life.  They may use the island to build there nest, that was the male goose that went after your decoy to chase it off or to show dominance.
Awesome footage of the animals
Be careful with fertilizers around the pond, I've seen some honey holes ruined by fertilizer for landscaping.
Goose and Mrs Goose👍
Honkers and mary
Name them "Salt and Pepper"
Call the Canadian Geese- Wayne and Daryl from Letterkenny (Canadian show)
Ham for dinner you are part of the ecosystem
when you put moby in the gaint pond you should put a tag on him and it says      [ You caught moby good job now put him back :)]
Names for the geese... Sketch & Diary... OR Launch pad & Honker...  Peter & Tink...  How many suggestions can we post?
Watch mark robers videos about squirrels, it’s only 2 episodes, maybe you’re squirrel prefers different foods
Goosy and Gander would be cute.
Idk now why but the first names are jimmy and Timmy but if one’s a female then it won’t work
We need a new pond video 😤😤
Hawk - Pierce, Hawkeye Pierce.
Hey man, I would put those bat houses up a bit higher. Lol, just kidding. I know absolutely nothing about bat houses but that seems to be the general consensus here going by the comments. Outstanding videos you've made! Don't forget to raise those bat houses!
AWESOME piece of land you have there, I love the pond project you have  going on. I'd have a guest room somewhere close for people who like to  night fish till they fall over, to have a place to sleep, friends family.
Geese = Maverick and Ice Man
Do you use GoPro for your night video?
You should name the bigger geese feathers because they have a lot of them and the smaller geese peanut ,because the pond was built on a peanut farm. Also love the videos 😀
Let’s name the geese honker and Alfa
I’m currently making a pond right now. But only 500 gallons. 😜😜
Al Capone and John Derringer
The 2 pigs will make good baby back ribs. Smoked shoulder roast!
Those are Canada Geese... they are migratory... might stay a few weeks but they will be headed north... but since they are "Canada" geese they should be named Rocky and Bullwinkle
Name them Thelma and Louise
Is this the latest report..that I viewed on 3-17-21?
you should name the geese joe and fred so when you call them you say joefred
Why is the water green?
What kind of job do you have to afford all this?
Always know it will be a good video when you post. Great quality
So nice that you put up a bat house. We have had our bat box for 5 years now and it is mounted on a 15 foot pole. Bats "free fall" when they exit the box.  So they do need height for the bat box.  It also took 1 1/2 years to get our first bat. We have the little brown bats, around 45 when we count them when they leave at dusk.
Hi from Canada!! I think a good name for the geese would be Bonnie and Clyde.  Edit: Someone already suggested those names. 🤷‍♂️
The geese should be named Len and norma, those were the names of my late grand parents who’ve passed they immagrated to Canada in the 60s and travelled back every winter to get away from the cold
Because of the unique role the geese play I recommend naming them Bonnie and Clyde. Great vids btw
Why is the water so green?  It looks unhealthy.
Moe and curly! Best two names
Babyface and Nelson , for the new geese :)
Looking good man nice job. geese Hannah & hank. Them two pigs were like me made were back lol...
Charles and Diana.  A little royalty never hurt anyone apart from Andrew
11:06 what is that huge tower in the background ?
Hansel and Gretel for the geese names
Have been watching since the tank with Bonnie and Clyde, having a big pond now just amazes me.
Bonnie and Clyde Shaq and Kobe Lucy and Ethel
Lucy and Bruce for the geese eh.
The geese name should be Ricky and Lucy.
In an earlier build video, you had mentioned that you would show the price for the entire pond build.  I’ve watched them all but can’t find anything else on this.  I’ve been contemplating building a smaller pond on my property and was just wondering if you had a ballpark figure on the price of the actual pond build? Not necessarily all the extra added stuff, just the pond itself.  Thanks and I have really enjoyed the videos.
Geese name Rick and Morty
Maverick and Jester
bob and doug mackenzie  for the canadian geese
how much has this cost you in total
Lucie and Doose for the geese! 🐊🏌🦅🇺🇲❤
I'm loving this series.  I know nothing about pond management, but I'm curious about why the pond is that color and if you ever want to do anything to address the color or clarity of the water.
How about Patty and Selma? - For the geese
You did the bat box!!! It really needs to be mounted high up, maybe 30-40 feet up on the side of a tree or building. When we built them at science camp in elementary school, they said that they needed to be up high. Great insect remedy that is kind to the Earth of which we are one.
If you put up a goose nest, the geese will stay. Just cut the bottom 3rd off of a 55 gallon plastic drum. Drill some drain holes in the bottom. Weld an 8"x8"x1/4" plate to an 8-10' pipe and push it down in the ground about 8-10' out in the pond so it's a few feet above the water table.
You should name the geese laurel and hardy.
The gee should be named Gussie goostave gandler
Lucy and Bruce! Lucy Goosie and Bruce Goose 🙃
You should use the Merlin app to identify the different birds.
I'm hoping you had some luck in finding water plants that would grow well without taking over the pond. Water plants should help minnows to have a place to hide and spawn.
Name the geese Jack & Jill
Great series. Would love to see a cost analysis video.
Would it b wise to put a big circle of floating pipe to keep the food from floating off
I never imagined I would be SO intent watching a pond build, but I have been enthralled.  The wildlife that you have attracted and all i've learned is incredible.  Thanks so much and I look forward to watch everything grown.  Why do we never see you??  Your wife and daughter are both very beautiful.  You remind me of the neighbor "Wilson" on the sitcom Home Improvements.  Wilson has a lot of wisdom and the fact you never really see him (or you) makes the parallels even more real!!!  😅😊
Maybe jack and Jill would be a good fit? They do go up the island (instead of a hill)
You seem to have theme going on for names, so how about Thelma and Louise for the wild geese. Doesn’t matter if their males or not. Their just names.
Jack and Jill, the two geese on the hill
As they r Canadian geese I'm thinking Maple & Bacon or Maple and Toronto.
Bonnie and Clyde for the Canadian Geese
Honky and Quacky for the two geese
Move that rod perch to the TOP of your owl house!  Give your owls a 360 degree vantage point to survey your fields...otherwise, they will perch on the top of the box itself, only one at a time.
Why have yall quit updating Facebook?
I watched all of these tonight. It's coming along great!! Bell has been rung
For the geese, I like Ace and Dutch
I think Gary and Gabby for the geese.
That's not how u cut meat hahha
Must be nice to be able to spend a few million building your own pond.
This channel and FabRats gives me so much joy!! Love it.. nice work
Name the geese Thelma and Louise
Those geese should be named Linus and Lucy
Goose names, since they are Canadian geese how about "Mountie" and "Maple?"
name the Geese Gonnie and Glyde after Bonnie and Clyde
Not sure why you don't harvest those feral hogs.
The two Aristocats geese: Abigail Gabble and Amelia Gable, definitely.
Name 'em "Gus N Goose"
Where is the pond located? State/town. As for the geese Thelma and Louise
Honestly, get rid of the geese. They’re extremely territorial and will attack you or any other animals they perceive as treats or competition, especially with goslings around. Plus, they will defecate along the shore line which will kill the grass and make it so that there will be so much of it you won’t be able to walk without stepping in it. Take it from a Canadian, get rid of these Canada geese, they’re evil.
Did you build Alcatraz as a breeding island as well as a safe haven. Might need another island. You just may have to go pig hunting when more food grows to attract them & boy can they breed.
If you can find a way to tag moby and the other bass and bluegills to track their growth that would be sick and so you can know if you caught them or not
Those geese are a mated pair, if you’re lucky you’ll have have a goose family come summer.  Gary and Gerdy Goose.
Along with your cabin you should add a picnic pavilion, so the rain won't ruin your grilling
Patty and Selma
Tom and jerry! Always look forward to these videos! Thank you!
Happy St Paddy's day from Dublin 🍀🇮🇪🇮🇪🇮🇪 Éire 32 Love the vids fat head. 😂
The bat box should be higher in a tree.  There should be no branches below it so the bats can fly in and out without any issues.  My oldest daughters girl scout troop built and hung bat boxes 4 years ago and it really helped.
Are you gonna put any water snails into the pond?
You have to name them Bobby and Billy
your kids will love being able to see you build everything start to finish, admirable job.
Geese should be named cage and Connery from the movie the rock
Ricky Ricardo & Lucille Ball, Ricky & Lucy for the 2 geese?
I noticed that y’all fished Donavan fishing club. I joined the club last June and been down there about six times now and really struggle to get a small bass, do y’all have any recommendations on how to fish that club?
Your Bat House should be at least 20 to 25 feet in the air. Bats “fall” into flight, they need room to fall.
You should name the geese Lucy Goosey & Bruce Goose.
Those geese look like a Janis and Jerry
You should name the gess bon and go
You should name those 2 new geese jack n Jill🤣🤣
Why does your pond always have a green tint to it?
Tom and Jerry I think would fit the geese
Lucy and Leonard .. two geese (I think they are a couple)
For the geese, Christopher and Moody, after the pirate. More in the spirit of I hope their reputation keeps any malicious visitors from attempting to grab the ducks, not that I wish harm on the predators just doing what predators do.
geese names should be [Robert Stroud the Birdman of Alcatraz] and [Ms. Stroud because no females' were allowed on Alcatraz]
shoot the coyotes so you can hatch the duck eggs
I would call the geese His and Hers.
lori & dori
Cheech and Chong for the geese lol
Keep up the good work, I love this series. I think you should name the geese honeybee and brownie.
Leroy and sandy   Goose names
Them two Canada Geese should be named after the most famous  Canadian brothers...Bob and Doug McKenzie!   Take off, eh!
Love this series! A name suggestion for the geese- Tom and Jerry!
Thing 1 and Thing 2 for the 2 geese
Names for the geese George and Gracie
You should name them thing 1 and thing 2 😂
Think a bat box is supposed to be much much MUCH higher.
Should name those geese Sonny and Cher lol. Pond looks good though! 👍
Dude, I’m amazed at how many views you get.... great job.
A bat house should be mounted higher than that, about 15 feet up in the air.  Bats don't fly up easily, they usually have to crawl up something to launch into the air.  So they like sleeping up higher.
One of the geese has to be Ryan gosling tbh
I think "Harry" and "Sally" would be good names for the Canada Geese.
Hansel and Gretel for the geese
I like the way your thinking ahead in regards to fruit trees and the veg gardens
Wayne and Garth!!
Cheech and Chong!!
Starsky and Hutch!!
Bill and Ted !!!
You should name the Geese, Johnny & June!
the Geese should definitely be Bonnie and Clyde
Name the geese Johnny and June
May and Alk
I just started watching these!! Won't the government send someone out to look at your property and work with you on how to set up all the things you want to do?????
Bat box needs to be much higher
Two Canadian Cobra Chickens, they’re numbers will increase.
GUS THE GOOSE!!!!! Plz that’s the best name
Gease names: George and Gracie
you have to poop bat poop inside the box for them to come
This has become a "Can't miss" channel that I will watch each time a new episode is posted,   Your narration is just terriffic, with a speech pattern and tone which reminds me of my great brother-in-law.  If I were a young man like yourself, I'd love to embark on a life which is based on enjoying nature and the countryside, as you have.  Keep it up, and may God bless you and your family more with each passing year.
Randolph and Mortimer (Duke ) from trading places
Name the geese “Goose and Maverick”  (Top Gun)
Since I'm from Canada and these are Canada geese maybe you could name them Maple & Syrup.
If they r male female call em Bonnie and Clyde ......two males call em Jake and Elwood
Name the geese maple and leaf.
def excited to see more videos!!
The name should be "loonie" and "toonie" as they are Canadian Geese!
Can I just say man, going through a tough time at the moment and your videos bring me such joy and also calm. It’s so wonderful to watch this little ecosystem you’ve created grow every video. I hope I’m still watching these videos in 10 years and all the trees are huge and the pond is thriving! ❤️
All your videos are inspiring.
How deep is it
You should name the geese Kevin Heart and Dwayne Jonson
God blessed you with a great life brother. Hopefully one day I’ll be at your level. Much love from Mississippi.
Gerry and Gertrude for the geese
How about Mr and Mrs Gander?
Name the goose. Gus and Gwendolyn
Very impressive series!  Is 'War Eagle' gear allowed on the pond/farm?
You could name the geese maple and syrup, because those Canadian geese
The geese will eat all the grass on the island.
Donald and daffy
Name the geese Ike and Tina
Call one of the geese gilly the geese
Geese names...Bonnie and Clyde..yes sir 😆
woww
Bonnie and Clyde
Absolutely as to be "Spruce" and "goose"
This is a great guide 🤩 It's nice to learn about how you're developing the land after you bought it. We're going to start sending our customers to this video so they can learn more about what it takes to develop their own land.
For the Canada Geese, I'd call em loonie and toonie.
Shake and bake for the geese
Geese names. Maverick and Goose
Name the geese… Tweedledee and Tweedledum!!
Noticed you don’t seem to hunt but have a tone of deer... would you be interested in a lease for deer?
2 geese are Canadian so Terrance and Phillip after the South Park Canadian characters
You should name the geese “Randy” and “Sandy”.
Bo and Luke Duck. (duke from dukes of hazzard) but then duck. xD
How about Hera and Atlas for the Geese names from Greek Mythology.
The geese should be Abigail and Amelia like from the aristocats
This is a great channel Owl Capone 😎
Ken and Barbie
You should build a little hut on Alcatraz island, where goose or ducks could hide out in. Maybe even with a little elevated terrace with a slide into the water, but built so they only drop if they want to, and not accidentally. I really think that might be a great addition and probably very fun shots. Just an idea for the future maybe :) keep up the great work, it's thoroughly enjoyable to watch!
Call them Nils and Ylvie
I think a hex gazebo on the isliand would look super cool!
Patty and Selma would be funny names for the seagulls lmao
I think a good name would be for the geese is  Bonnie and Clyde
Geese names - FLUSH and FLOW
Waddle & Fluffy are good names
Wild Canadian Geese won’t protect your ducks. They will run them off. Canadian Geese will only protect animals they are raised with. He was attempting to run off your decoy. We have a couple that comes to our pond every single year and they have successfully run off every one of our ducks. The ducks don’t even attempt to come back anymore.
Bonney and Clyde the Canada geese
So you have a couple of hissing Cobra chickens also known as the Canadian Goose is a fierce warrior bird. This bird appears on The $100 Canadian bank note. So since they are on Canadian currency perhaps you could call them Looney and Tooney which is slang term for one dollar and two dollar. Now I know it is a loon a polar bear on these coins, but I do like the idea of them being called looney and Tooney.
@BamaBass I really enjoy your videos and have for a long time... May I ask what line of work you and your family are into? Thx!
The names for the geese should be Cody and Jace.
Shocker the pond still looks horrible
Been watching your channel since 2017.  It was an excellent channel back then but now you have one of the best channels on YouTube.  I would expect to see you hit 1 million subscribers by the end of 2022.  Your creativity for content is unmatched by any other channel that is similar in nature. Thanks for what you have created for all of us to enjoy!  God bless you and your family!
I can’t seem to find any consistent order with these amazing videos..wishing there was a way, perhaps numerically from 1 to….
How about naming the geese George and Gracie after George burns and his wife. A fitting tribute and names. Yes watch your fruit trees.
Id also add 10-15 cypress that are overhand the pond and maybe a corkscrew weeping willow on the back and flag blue and yellow louisiaana iris along an edge along with cattails
Id add a row of blackberries along the back and persimmons.  You can use pallets around the fruit trees either triangle or square often times for free.
Cheech and Chong ! Geese's names!! 👍👍👍
Bat box may have to be out of the sun's rays.  If you castrate the boars, they get really big and the meat gets tasty.
Geese name should be “Romeo” and “Juliet” assuming they are male and female geese.
Fred & Ethyl for the geese
We have large gardens in our pasture.  we also have a LOT of deer.  We put up fencing to keep the deer, elk and moose out.
Geese name suggestions:  Top, and Gun.  You know, in honor of Goose.  From Top Gun.  RIP.
rocky and bullwinkle for the canada geese
I like that you're doing this when your daughter is young enough to really enjoy it.  This will be a family treasure.
Maybe Fischer and Warden for the geese. Love the pond vids man!
I owned a home in Montgomery that had two 1.5 acre ponds on the property.  The crawdads were out of control, constantly digging holes around the banks and building mud chimneys.  Any plans to keep them out of your pond?
Keeping with the theme of your waterfowl being named after places, you could name your canada geese "Cancan" and "Ada"
Is Moby going in the pond
My wife says “George” and “Martha”. Would go nice with Uncle Sam.  Thanks for uploading.  Look forward to your new ones and the ponds progress.
Very nice
I know them geese.....that's Darryl, and my other brother, Darryl......
Bat boxes usually have to be much higher off the ground and in an actual tree. This is just from my experience.
They're Canada Geese, so maybe Maple and Poutine as names.
Cool video
Planting the fruit trees along the bank will definitely help stabilise the bank and mitigate any problems with erosion. Also, Gary Goose and Lucy Goose. 😉
Considering the geese are using Alcatraz island. what about naming them Goodspeed and Mason (The Rock)
Name suggestion for the geese: Mr & Mrs Smith
Name the geese "Peggy" Carter and "Steve" Rogers. (Agent Carter & Captain America) 🇺🇲
How much water do you have to add to the pond?
5 acre pond for one bad ass bass. Awesome
Randomly saw this channel yesterday and have already watched all videos. Thank you BamaBass for sharing your project its so lovely
You should name the hawk after Henry hawk from looney tones since y’all got peppey the skunk.
Honk and Donk for the geese!
Those geese sure look like a Jack and Diane to me! Poor duck decoy! 😢
You should put really tall grass on the island so the ducks have somewhere to nest and hide
You should name the two geese Frank and Frank from the children's show: Timothy Goes to School!!  They were twins and the geese kind of look like twins. Cheers!
You forgot about plums
An I love what your doing I wish I had the money to half of what you do to help wildlife
Name one of the female geese mother goose
Name the Geese Buck and Sissy. Urban Cowboy
looking at the geese i can definitely tell one is a male and one is a female cause of the neck size. so why not name them bonnie and clyde? it’s only appropriate they protect the ducks
Name the guise Bonnie and Clyde
How about Lucy and Desi? Love everything you are doing at the farm and pond. Susan
2 hawks and an eagle don't seem to bode well for the ducks! lol
They're Canadian geese, so Maple and Canuck.
Letter and Kenny are the names im thinking of for the geese. Since they are both Canadian and geese aren't ones for backing down from a fight
Yeah buddy
The Canadians should be Doug and Bob, the McKenzie brothers.
Jack and Jill.
One of my favorite parts about this series is the lack of monoculture planting. All of those different species of plants being interleaved and planted in different spots will really help the soil maintain it's health and nutrient load!
I said uncle sam to. I bet several did but didn't see anyone else say it
You should mount the bat box way higher up in the air. As it is now it is to close to the ground and the bats won't use it. Get a 4"x12" post or something and put it at the top.
What are you using to get the extended video and time lapse with the go pro? Do you have an external battery hooked up?
Names for the geese should be “Tim” and “Horton”. Perfect for Canadian geese
Laverne and Shirley
"Bonnie and Clyde" for the Geese
Just so you know I think bats tend to travel in large groups. Put a bat house up and found they didn’t come until I put another one up next to it.
We think the geese should be named Reese and Denise.
I love all the videos. I just binge watched all the pond build videos. Although I never saw the prices you mentioned that you would tell us when everything was said and done. I am planning a pond build myself in the future and would love to get an idea of all the stuff you used and prices.  Also. How many acres is your total farm?
You gotta kill those hogs they’re terrible for the environment
Lucy and Ethel for the geese. Always making a squawk and inseparable.
Would be cool to have a few native bee houses!
Connery and Cage for The Geese’s names from the movie With Nicholas cage and Sean Connery “The Rock” about Alcatraz Island.
If you want to name the geese, since you have uncle sam. How about go Canadian and go with the guys from "Strang Brew", Bob & Dave Mckenzie?
New geese should be Forrest and Jenny
Dam Moby is big before you put him in you should weigh him
The names for the geese should be " Wyman – English name meaning “battle protector” and  Isha – Sanskrit name meaning “one who protects” ..  you mention they can protect ducks so  that's my idea ..
Love the Series, And I say you name the 2 geese rick and morty
🇺🇸👍. Good video, especially that of the fox, they must have a mate nearby one would think. 👍🍺🥩🌽🥔   🥜🥜🥛💤
Thelma and Louise  for the Canadian geese
Geese should be Abigail Gabble and Amelia Gabble from Aristocrats by Disney
Name the geese Bonnie and Clyde! :)
Maple and honk for the geese names
bob and doug because their Canadian geese
It’d be pretty cool to see ya put up some Airbnbs out there
How about Betty and Barney for the Geese names?
Or even better names tweedle dee and tweedle dum.
Boris and featherbrain for the two geese names. Love the garden lay out!!
Name the Geese Sully and Jeff
Terrance for the geese
Ricky and Lucy for the geese, they are a mating pair for the spring.
The wife says to name the Geese Mother Goose and Grimm. Great videos!
Officially naming the Hawk: Hawkeye
You should name the geese Adam eve, because there the first geese on the farm.
Your bat box needs to be much higher off the ground. The bats need enough of a drop to gain flying speed before hitting the ground.
Peregrine falcon is not a rodent hunter.. their known as a "duck hawk" and have been clocked up to 200mph on a downward dive. The peregrine falcon feeds almost exclusively on medium-sized birds such as pigeons and doves, waterfowl, songbirds, and waders.
Although they aren’t ducks you should name them Donald and Daisy
How you gonna mow Alcatraz?
Bonnie and Clyde for the geese!
Started watching this pond build when it was just a field I am so happy to see the variety of wild life stopping by their new home.... Cannot wait to see what's next.... I would start thinking of some more cover for what ever bog fishes you choose bald eagle will swoop down and pluk them out....
More farms need to do this, it should be mandatory as farms are pretty bad for deforestation.
when will the water quality improve?
Bonnie and Clyde!! That should be their names.
Lucy and Goosey
You should name them Al Capone and George Kelly
Today I went to go stock my pond while I was going around it I slipped and fell straight right into the cold iced water
Billy and mandy
Jack and jill!!
You should name the geese Bo and Luke
The eagles may eat Bonnie and Clyde I would be a bit more careful.
Ever thought of turning Alcatraz Island into a replica of the real thing?  Possibly could incorporate a shelter for the water fowl into the design.
I don't know if you saw my comment back in the day but I recommended putting top soil on the island LOL great idea
Bonnie and clyde for the geese' names
Abigail and Amelia Gabble for the geese names.
Love the channel... Been watching for years... Name the Canada Geese : TIMMY after the famous candian coffee chain,  and maple, which goes without saying...
How about Mable and Cable for the geese?
I love everything you have got finished. Get a honey bee hive started for pollination. It will help your garden and orchard. I don’t know how big Alcatraz is, but it needs a “hanging tree”. A peach hanging tree would be my favorite.
What's the smallest a pond can be to be effective for fishing?
How about Mickey and Minnie for the geese names?
Your B-roll is outstanding!
if you wanted grass that spread out not up you should have looked at centipede grass.  It does not require mowing and it loves poor soils.
Frank and Jesse James :D
Not to nit pick but bat boxes are supposed to be mounted 14 feet off the ground or higher. Love watching your videos
I think you should name the geese Warden and Chief. They will run Alcatraz island and protect the other ducks if predators are around! Plus yall already have a Sheriff! 😄
My 5 year old daughter Lily thinks you should name the Geese Bingo and Bluey haha. Or Twinkle and Sprinkle after her and her  younger sisters build a bears.
New sub, really enjoyed this!
If you get a chance check out the 1988 Chevron "People Do" TV Commercial.  It features a coyote chasing a fox, which manages to escape into a structure made by Chevron.  I'd like to see the same kinda thing for the feeder fish in Moby's tank.
That’s gonna be a wasp box in about 3 months
Canadian geese? Bob and Doug seems appropriate ;)
Gus and Daisy for the geese
What a cool ass life you live, dude.
You should name the geese Maple and Leaf...just cause they are canada geese 😁
Get rid of those hogs now, as you will regret it  later on
Wholesome. Love your videos
may be add some crawlfish?
Romeo and Juliet
Their names should be Jack and Jill
Those hogs need to go. They are an ecological disaster.
Them hogs are gonna destroy everything you do
Big dean and little jerry
Canadian geese
NAME THEM SUNNY AND CHER
You should look into making the bat boxes less snake friendly and maybe putting them up higher near a tree
Name the Geese Jack and Jill because why not
You should name the geese Alca and traz
Get rid of those pigs asap.. when the breed they will destroy everything
I'm pretty sure that bat box needs to be mounted pretty high in the air
Your pond videos are great!  I am also amazed at how much wildlife comes out at night while we are sleeping!!
Bob and doug for the geese names, popular Canadian comedy duo.
canada geese.  rocky and bullwinkle....
So nice you can use your fields for feeding nature rather then agriculture (mostly) 😉
The Geeses should be called Wither and Spoon. So you got Geeses Wither n Spoon.
Looks great all filled up n getting stocked.
Man I look forward to the pond videos! I think Elvis and Priscilla would be a good name for the geese!
Name one of the geese Mother Goose.
The geese are canadian geese so I'm working with the theory they have french canadian sounding names....and since they will protect other waterfowl.... I propose naming them Jean-Claude and Aunt Chanel.... one's a blackbelt, the other a leader of sophisticated fashion....always wearing the timless combination of white and black.
The geese are the two island boys. So symbolic, so iconic, so simple yet so true. Welcome (quickly looking that up) Franky and Alex. Welcome to the Crimson Oak Pond. Enjoy your island, im sure you’ll make it.
You could add crayfish in your amazing pond
Geese names Pebbles and Bamm-Bamm.
You need to invite those hogs to your next weekend BBQ.  If you don't, they will destroy your garden, get into all your duck and goose nests to eat the eggs and dig into your pond banks making wallows to soak in. Then they will invite all their friends and family to come enjoy it too. Good Luck
I hope that Cabin they are building will be rentable! Id love to stay here!
Gertrude and HeathCliff for the geese. An old Red Skelton bit he used to do.
Bonnie  and clyde for the geese
Abigail and Amelia sound like good names for the two geese. These are the names from the Disney Movie Aristocats. I thought this would be a good name because the geese from the movie protect the kittens, as they would your ducks. Love the content!
Bert and Ernie for the geese names
Also the videos are great...love the content. Would love the land to do this one day.
I get so much joy from these pond videos! you basically created an entire ecosystem and is drawn wildlife to it naturally just awesome.  name the geese after the sponsors Crimson and Koto.
I think you should name those geese Bonny and Clyde.
Bob and Doug (McKensie) for the Geese...famous Canadian comedy duo...since they're Canadian Geese?
Keanu Reeves and Pamela Anderson. Both of which are Canadian 😂😂😂
Goose and Maverick. The Geese are defending the pond.
You should name the geese Ally and BamBam.
bonny and clide
Names for the Geese: Bulger & Barchard.. These two were partner's in crime on Alcatraz. James "Whitey" Bulger 1428-AZ and Richard Barchard, 1251-AZ.
Name them George and Gracey
🕶🇺🇸
bonnie and clyde for the geese
I would call those ducks 🦆 Donald and Don junior
Your  bat boxes  should  be mounted  on trees  about  10' high and in the shade.  Out in the  open  is to warm  during the day.
Those  hogs will destroy everything so you might have to look at removing them
Being the Geese showed in a pair, seems fitting to name them Maverick and Goose from Top Gun.  Especially after seeing the one do some flight recon on the duck decoys.
There's no question especially with the way they went after that decoy.... You already have a Bonnie and Clyde, so how about a Mickey and Mallory. (ref. Natural Born Killers movie)
Will you put a tag on Moabie when you put him in the big pond?
For the geese names, Thanksgiving and Christmas.  The hawk,  Top Gun
I haven't seen the final accounting of what you spent on this project, or did I miss it?
call them fred and ethal
Maybe a great name for the geese would be Ricky & Lucy from the show. I love Lucy
I think you should name one of the gees cashew
You're going to find out that those pig's are going to destroy your garden..
What’s up
I think you should name the geese Toronto and Ontario since they are Canada geese(not Canadian geese!!!)
That hawk in the rainstorm is a Northern Harrier.
I don't want Moby to go into the pond. I want him to be safe and to not end up like Sheriff
Their Canadian so the only names that are acceptable are Bob and Doug
I personally think the problem with the perch and having no luck with nesting/interested birds is the location and security it provides. It’s just a box right out in the open, for all birds to perch on and notice. It’s not somewhere that a bird would feel safe and secure to nest in. Needs to have more “natural” surrounding features.
Alaa iyo umetengeneza ni kachimbari nice though..
Name the geese Loonie and Tonnie. its the Canadian 1 and 2 dollar coin!
How many acres is the total farm?
Canadian Geese Names:  Toronto & Vancouver
Michael and Jordan
Name the geese. Lucy and Goosy
What tiller was you using
I love how there is a consistent 500,000 people watching these videos. Very interesting to see how just a couple wildlife shots and simple project progression can captivate such a large selection. Good job on the videos, keep doing what you’re doing!!
You said in the beginning you would give a cost breakdown once the pond was complete. Are you still going to do that or did I miss it?
Moby is huge!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Name the geese fluffy and lucky geese are great for protecting ducks . and this guy is living the dream and put carp in your pond Awesome
Name suggestions:   Tom  & Foolery  (meaning playful and foolish behavior)
Goose names - Sarge and Captain
Name the geese fluffy and lucky
Wow someone is rolling in the money lol
Let me know if you need some concrete work. I’m a concrete contractor/licensed home builder located in Baldwin County, AL We do lots of work in the mobile/Grand Bay Area.
I swear this is better than watching a series show on Netflix!  We sooooo look forward to every next video to see progress!  Thank you so much for sharing this journey with us!  Amazing!
This channel is so much better than WranglerStar.  No drama, fake titles, fake laughing, crying, and talking on and on.  Keep up the good content.
Honkers and Dana, for the geese, If your looking for a name for the hawks, Ole Red and Sunny would be awesome.
Max and Thomas or satafire and aerie
Love it❤️
I think a good name for the geese should be Cosmo and Wanda
Bruce Goose. and Hank Honk
What kind of camera are you using when you had the owl an the stars?
Geese should definitely be named Donald and Daffy lol
Hi.... Thank you for showing your video 👋 bye 👋 bye 👋 bye 👋 👕🐕🐠🐟🌱🏡🎥👍👍👍
Gray Goose and Vodka.
Name the geese the geezers!
I feel like the geese should be named after the two geese from aristocats, there names where abigail and amelia
Will the water ever clear up? So many of these man made ponds I see on youtube seem to be pretty silty opaque or murky..  This is an amazing project... love seeing the creatures adopting a home at the water, or nearby.
Shows the importance of land. Every thing going on in the world and here we are building a pond cooking out. Inspiring!!!!
Rocky and Bullwinkle for the geese
i cant wait for the bass to be put in
Will there be catfish?
I'd be planning a pig roast, get rid of those things before they breed and destroy the place. Beautiful place to hang out with fiends and the whole fan damily, you've done a fantastic job.
Geese names Pebbles and Bam Bam.
loonie and toonie i think are good names. shoutout canadian currency
You are growing fruit trees so it's only right if the geese were name Adam and Eve
The geese should be called Fred and Ethel . Pond looks nice.
nope u built a gross toxic algae swamp
Geese = Popeye and Olive Oyl
Fuzzy and fluffy
Geese Name suggestion: The Anglin Brothers (John and Clarence). I suggest this name because that’s the name of the 2 brothers who allegedly successfully escaped Alcatraz. Also, since they eat fish as part of their diet, they’re “Anglin’” for fish.  Love the channel and watching the progression of the pond build! Thanks for the content. God Bless
Intro looking nice
Maverick & Goose! Or stick with the military theme and call them General Paten & Robert E. Lee.
How about Bruce & Lucy?  I think that's a really fun name for this pair of Geese.  Another great video!
name one of the geese Murphy...
I think tobias and harriet are two great names for the geese!!
You should do a giveaway for a duck hunt
I think a good name for the geese are Wanda and Waddles! :)
That water looks a bit too green. Check nitrogen level.
You should name the geese bonnie and clyde
!!!!!NAMES!!!!!! FREEDOM AND LIBERTY  Goes with uncle Sam!  Thanks for the vids I wantch them with my son
goose name, rocky and bullwinkle
what happened to Sheriff?
Bamabass why you delete my comment about stocking crawfish ? Lol, it had 249 likes then you deleted it
Name the geese ying and yang
Canadian geese why not name em mani and toba like Manitoba Canada
Keeping the island theme how about Gilligan and Ginger from gilligans island for the geese?
Definitely need to trap or kill those hogs, they will tear up a lot of the land and scare off the animals
Geese name BONNIE & CLYDE !!!
You have to name one the geese lucy please You can name the other one Ricky
Name the geese Ed & Eddy
I think you should name the gesse Andy and baby
did they name the eagle yet?
That decoy was just looking at him funny
OZZIE & HARRIET
Geese names: Honk & Waggle
Coming along great!!!! Love watching the videos as it grows. Call the geese Ralph and Alice. From the HoneyMooners!!!!
Name the pigs lunch and dinner
Call the new geese Fred and Wilma
Be patient with the bat box, it can sometimes take years for them to start using one.
Name the goose the fish and tish
Tell the truth all I wanted at 1st was 5 acres and a pond on that now I need at least 15 so thanks for that I guess
Tom and jerry for the geese names
Since they are Canadian Geese, and your Eagle is Uncle Sam, how about Maple Leaf and Maple Syrup?! haha that's about as Canadian as it gets.
Christine and Chris. aka the "Clear Lake Massacre":
What’s the name of the polymer used to stop leak in dam?
Geese are highly territorial, especially if they start nesting. They will see off any other fowl or small animal that approach the island, including your ducks.
Canadian geese should have a Canadian names. Name them Bob and Doug after Bob and Doug McKenzie
Any interest in tagging Mr. Moby before release into the pond? Are there tracking tags for fish you can use to keep an eye on his movements?  Might be fun to have an update at the end of episodes on Mr Moby movements in the pond.
Gordi and girdi Geese names
Wayne (Gretzky) and Bobby (Orr). I'm Canadian and we love/hate our geese around here!
NAme the geese Bonnie and Clyde since they’ll protect the ducks haha
Call the geese “cobra chickens “
Awesome !!!
Best name for them Canadian geese are Terrance and Phillip from South Park.
Let's start over. I suggest, Virginia (The Flamingo) Hill & Bugsy (The Mobster) Siegel for the Canada Geese. She has a hometown connection and definitely relatives of Bonnie and Clyde through distant lineage. Protect that freshly sprouted grass from those geese a favorite of theirs's.
Do apples grow in Alabama?
geese   Bonnie and Clyde
I think you should name the Canada Geese “Freedom” and “Liberty” in keeping with the Bald Eagle being “Uncle Sam” and in honour of the Canadian Freedom22 Convoy truckers.
The time-lapse at the end was perfect
You wanna put holes in them pigs real quick before they put holes in your dreams.  Wild boars will eat ANYTHING & EVERYTHING.  I kinda guessing you already know this.
You don’t want feral hogs!
Tom and Jerry for the geese
Daffy and waddles
Thelma and Louise for the geese
Al Capone and machine gun Kelly since they are hanging out on Alcatraz island would be good names
You should name the geese Sandy and Danny from grease! Get it because they’re geese lmao
"The best of this pond-build series is yet to come." Well, it's been really good so far. I can't wait to see what's next.
Name the geese Pancho and Lefty
Think you should name the geese Abigail and Amelia like from the aristocats! Pond is looking good.
AJ HAWK….. AJ Hawk….. AJ Hawk….. AJ Hawk….. AJ Hawk!!!
Canadian geese are vary destructive and territorial.  Pray you don't get a floock of them.
This has become one of my favorite channels!
Cain and Abel
You should name the geese Bob and Billy
Bob and Doug McKenzie for the Canadian Geese
Lucy and Brucy for them gooseys
Gilbert and Gertrude for the geese
I feel like a goose name would be like a hobo name. I'm thinking Larry and Barry 🤔
Geese name Gabble and Gussie
Does anyone know what kind of cameras are used?
Love your videos!  Al Capone's accomplices where Frank Nitti, Paul Ricca, Tony Accardo and Sam Giancana.   How about "Sam Goosana" "Tony Anserdo" for the goose names? 😎
Name the Geese "Goldy" and "Goosemer*.  really enjoying watching this.
Those are 2 Canadian Geese they are big bullies. Name them Tim and Horton XD
I love this whole series. Makes my heart smile
Great video, eagerly waiting mobys arrival to the backyard pond.
Yeah you got to go Timon and Pumbaa and put them in the freezer
Pebbles and Bam Bam seem like a fitting name!
Goose and Maverick
Hansel and Gretel
Bonnie and Clyde 2.0
Those are Canadian geese so I think you should name them Rocky and Bullwinkle!
Well if the geese are gonna be the protectors I think your should call them Lois and Clark
Put moby in the backyard pond
Are y’all going to live on the farm at some point
Can’t wait to see the cabin. Going with Gussie and Fussie for the geese names.
May I suggest you name the geese Fred and Wilma?
Bonnie and Clyde on the geese
Have you thought about keeping bees somewhere on the farm?
When you putting Molby in the pond?
Bonnie and Clyde
Will there be aquatic plants added at some point? Seems kind of sterile with just the hard structure.
Geese mate for life. I’d call them Romeo and Juliet
Bert and Ernie would make great names for the geese
Name them geese Toulouse and Berloiz
You gotta get rid of those hogs.  They are going to destroy everything you've built.  The ducks, the garden, the new trees, the feeds, the grass.
Maverick and Ice Man from Top Gun for the Geese!!
Honkey and quackey chan
To be fair, Moby should be the 1st one in the new pond. He’ll be 10 pounds by time the others get in there. Lol
Maybe add another perch on the front of the owl box so they can see there is an inside to the box, they don't seem to even look that way as they are just eyeing the fields. Just a suggestion.
That isn't ceviche. Ceviche is raw meat with an acid like lemon. I think you mean pico de guyo
Frank and Julia for the names of the geese.  Franks Lucas Bolt was the very first inmate of Alcatraz Island and his wife was Julianna. Seems fitting as the geese may be the very first to make there home on the island themselves.
I think Gus and Waddles would be good 😂
Harley and Quinn
Bonnie n Clyde for the Geese
Maverick and Goose for the geese that showed up.
how about duck duck and goose?
Bonnie and Clyde
I would name the geese Thelma and Louise!  We love watching these videos!!!
Add an avocado 🥑 to ur seviche n some silantro n u got some bomb 💣 mixture
We live on a pond, it has to be several acres in the shape of a W so it has 3 channels. We see eagles, hawks , herons, beaver, Canadian geese, etc. Our neighbors stocked the pond with some bass I think. There are about 10 houses that share Access to it but we have the best property as far as access to the pond. My husband wants to put a fountain to move the water around and help filter it. I love our property! God bless, love the videos!
Bonnie and Clyde
Name one duck duck and the other goose.
The Geese names should be buck and Blanche.The man and woman who accompanied Bonnie and Clyde in there crime spree. Keep up the good work love seeing the pond come together 👊🏼🤘🏼
Name geese Ricky and Lucy
The names for the geese should be “Annie” and “Oakley”. Never hurts to have a sharpshooter around!
Moby needs to go in the farm pond. Let the big boy eat!
I love this series, as of right now it’s #41 on trending, so proud of you
I think you should name the bald eagle something with Washington since Washington is on all quarters. And it is the national animal for America.  George Washington was also a national leader as the first president and a great leader in war.
Those hogs need harvested.
What about building an inground swimming pool or a smaller pond for swimming.
Every Monday night it's dinner and BamaBass !   How about Hansel and Gretel for your two new resident Canadian Geese!   Thanks for the great content!
Let’s just hope that the new bald eagle friend doesn’t take a pec at bony and clide when you eventually put them in here. Lol
Love that you’re thinking about the bats! You’ll want to raise the house to 10’ or higher. Bats don’t take off flying like birds. They have to drop towards the ground to gain lift first. When the house is too low, this makes them susceptible to prey on the ground!
this is the first ever time I have commented on a video.🤣🤣 call them dandy and mandy! love from Liverpool UK!
name one goose lee and the other honky tonk
Geese names....North and South
Not sure if you have answered this yet or not. Are you going to tag your pet bass? I have enjoyed watching the build. Nice pond for sure.
Ryan Goosling and Goose Springsteen (or goose Bader Ginsburg)
Since they're Canadian geese, maybe Wayne and Ryan for Wayne Gretzky (specially for the attempted check) and Ryan Reynolds.
Name the geese> Goose and Gander! Love this series. I have been following since day 1.
Geese: Cody and Harriet
Bonnie and Clyde
Those are bluebirds. Amazing birds, they are cavity nesters so they were definitely checking out that house.
Names for the geese: Puddles and Paddles. Always look forward to seeing your videos. Y’all truly got something special here!!
TY
Ur boy said Uncle Sam too.
Bonnie and Clyde would be a good name for the geese
Ozzie and Harriet would be my suggestion for the pair of Geese Of course I know that dates me, but oh well.
Because they’re Canadian Geese why not… Canada and Goose?   Think that’s actually surprisingly clever for me and got a ring to it, love everything you do, great videos 😊
2:30 looks like a young cooper's hawk. Those geese should definitely help deter predators from getting too close. So happy to see the wildlife growing so much there!!
Sonny and Sher for the geesse
Beebop and rock steady
you should name them jack and Jill. since there on a hill.
Did I miss you telling how much did it cost to build this pond?
While in no way second guessing your amazing and successful pond project, I wonder if you have considered stocking the pond with aquatic plants. From my experience plants in a pond can improve water quality plus enhance the living spaces for fish. Also, many lillies and lotus plants make beautiful blooms..
I think you should name one of the geese dalilah
Bill and Ted
Bonnie and Clyde for the 2 geese!
You may need to hang the bat box higher if they don't use it
Hansel and griddle... yes griddle good names
My 4 year old has watched every video. He thinks the geese should be named Honker and Silly
Goosey, and lucy. Love the great content!
Love the pond. Bat house is a great addition but it needs to be at least 15ft.above the ground pointing east or south, bats need to jump and freefall to take flight as they cannot take off from the ground. You can use the new auger to put up a taller pole. Also a camera inside the owl house would be pretty cool. I put up an owl house with a camera but never got owls to nest. But for the last 3 years wood ducks have used it  and i have watched 49 ducklings hatch and jump.
Name them Ma and Pa Kettle!
Geese should be named Hansel and Grettel! [
Cool Eagle
Pond project has really moved along! Well done guys!
Name the geese Bear and Nick. 2 of the best coaches Bama has ever had.
Heckle and jeckle for the geese names.
Them geese are going to build a nest on the island probably we have 44 acers and a creek between 14 and 30 and one spot there’s a island between water and geese got a nest made and found out that one of them got injured
You gotta smoke them hogs. Be a great cookout around the pond.
You should stock the pond with crawfish too!
Those are Canadian geese not wild geese! From your fans in Canada!
liberty and freedom i think those are really good names
How about Ebony and Ivory for names? Adam and Eve Cleopatra and Mark Antony Johnny and June John and Yoko Forrest and Jenny Peas and Carrots Han and Leia
Mac & Cheese for the Geese
I wish you would post to rumble and dump youtube.
Name the geese< gucie and ducie
“Doug and Bob”should be the name of your Canadian Geese! Google Bob and Doug McKenzie….Canadian Icons 😁
Maverick and Goose. for the Names?
Definitely have to name the Geese Johnny and June! Fits right in with all the other pairs!
Being from Canada, watching your pond build from day 1, I think perfect names for the Canadian geese would be "Bob and Doug". Bob and Doug are 2 iconic Canadian characters from the 80's. If you're interested to check them out just look up "Bob and Doug Mackenzie" they were 2 brothers. They even had a full length movie called "Strange Brew". So my vote is with "Bob and Doug"
Until you either have a ton of fruit trees, or really big fruit trees, squirrels and deer will pick them clean. One year we decided to put a net on about half of our apple tree, suddenly we had a yield of maybe fifty apples. Usually we get zero. What's sad is that the squirrels will burn through the apples long before they are ripe, take half a bite and drop em.
Canadian Goose love it.
You should name the geese Lewis and Clark!
Waldorf and Statler for the geese
You will be needing to shoot those wild hogs like asap. You'll enjoy thier meat instead of them ruining all your hard work
such a massive waste for something so ugly
I was thinking you need to install bat boxes and then the next shot was a bat box
For the geese name you should use some alcatraz inmates names seeing how they are hanging out there so much
If you have a mower that bags the grass you can put the clippings on the island and it will fill in
Uncle Sam is all : "Am I crazy?! Was this pond here a year ago?!"
Scooby and shaggy for the geese!!
You should name the geese Abigail and Amelia Gabble from The Aristocats
Trees near the pond dam or in the pond - not a good idea. Roots make wonderful boring tools.
Those are Canadian geese. If there on your island there making a nest. They mate for Life so make sure there's always two.
You should name the geese Albert and Costello
JUSTIN AND TRUDEAU for the Canadian geese
perhaps rackham and bonny for the geese? two pretty famous pirates.
Love watching your videos! Name suggestion for the geese - Gus and Goose :)
Al and Peggy (Bundy) or Luci and Desi for the Geese's names.
Love the videos! I'd recommend putting the bat box at least 10 feet high (12-20 is preferred) and please make sure it's in the sun and faces south. Great job!!
Where in Alabama are you
Augustus and Gertrude are fitting names for the geese.
Canadian Geese : Bob and Doug MacKenzie.
The geese look like Frank and Estelle to me!! George Costanza's folks!!  😆
I would name the geese "Dudley Do Right" & "Nell". Love the way the pond came out!
You can name the goose that flew at the duck decoy wild bill and the other one maple, since they are Canada geese.
Ben and Jerry
When can we rent a cabin ?
Gus, & Golly I think would be good names for the gooses
Love the series, name the geese Hank and Peggy!
Name the geese "Goose and Iceman"
depending on gender you could name the geese abigail and amelia from the old cartoon Aristocats
How about Terrance and Phillip(a) for the Canada Geese?
U should put some catfish in too
Duuuuude you must be absolutely loaded! Whats your vocation?
The two geese names should be Bill and Murray
Holy crap I won!! Lol that’s awesome! Thanks so much. How can I get my info to you? I don’t have any social media.
Have yall considered putting bug zappers out at the end of your dock? The bugs will get zapped and fall into the water.
Name the geese Jack and Jill because they were on the Alcatraz Hill.
I'd name the geese Bert & Ernie 😁 Love your videos and have been watching your progress on the pond from the get go. Great job and thanks for sharing your progress.
Bonnie and Clyde....geese and or Fred & Ethel
Tom and Jerry for the gesse
You should name the geese Hoot and Holler!
That hawk is a Northern Harrier! They're really cool marshland birds, the only daytime hawk that has adaptations (a 'facial disk' of feathers like an owl!) to hunt with sound instead of sight. Awesome!
Mickey & Minnie for the geese
why the water soo green ??
How about Fred and Wilma for the geese?
Don't know if your area has Purple Martins, but they love fly insects. Martin houses look a 16 apartment house. (8 front/ 8 back). I would think the Martins would be preferrable to bats.
Maverick and goose!
Hey just a suggestion for best chances to attract bats. bat houses are supposed to be 12 to 20 feet above the ground
Goose and Maverick for the geese.
Yeah those hogs have got to go.  Time to trade your long Range lens for a long range scope
Geese: Bob and Doug Mackenzie (Strange Brew)
Thelma and Louise for the geese.
Jimbo and moby would be great names for the geese
ah yes build pond
The two geese could be called Beevus and Butthead
Please name a goose Joe
out of curiosity have you considered making a couple of bee farms? They would be fanstastic for the local plants and eco system ontop of you could sell your own honey in nice jars, would probably sell like crazy
Geese names: honky & doryy
name the geese Shake and Bake
Team Canada for the geese
Those geese look like Canadians... Canada geese are not goofdfor pasture!!!  And will pollute the pond if numbers increase( which they do)
name them Laverne and shirley
Bonnie and Clyde !
Knickname: Honk & Hank 🦆🦆
The geese should definitely be..Johnny and June. For none only than Johnny Cash and June Carter Cash
Tweedle DEE & DUM for the geese :D
Donald and dasie
Hank and Lucy
Damn it's 27 celcius already where you are?
Are they Canadian Geese? If so they can be Bryan and Adam(s)
Gotta get some bonder quick in the bingers
Mother and father goose
why is the color of the pond so wierd?
Love all of your footage of the night sky! So beautiful!! Would you consider also adding some blue bird boxes to the edge of your fields? My name suggestion for the Canadian geese is Cheech and Chong 😂
Name the geese, Thelma and Louise
You should name the wild geese Tom and Jerry
Put fencing around the fruit trees, and vegetable garden and electrify it the deer and those hog will destroy everything you plant. The bucks will love those little saplings when its time for them to rub their velvet off
Are you plan on Eliminating the wild pigs. They will tear your property up!!
Name the geese Bert and Ernie 😂
Romeo and Juliet
Time to gather some HAM.
I know you like to let nature take its course and I like that BUT you need to consider removing the hogs. They will get out of hand quickly and can do heavy damage to crops and ground. Conservation department are trying to get a handle on them here in MO.
I’d probably put them 2 hogs in the freezer cause they will destroy your property
I remember when Moby was just a set of eyeballs, he has to be around 7lbs now.
Geese names = Bonnie and Clyde
under water cameras?
When are you going to hunt the hogs. They will ruin everything!! All your nice work destroyed
Should name the geese “Goose” and “Mavric” since they will be the protectors of true American ducking freedom!
I think naming the geese Webber & Eggspresso would go along quite well! Loving the series putting all my friends on :)
When are you finally gonna put the bass in the pond. 3 years? Oh ok because it does seem like your stalling us. If you can put thousands of minnows in the pond I’m sure you could’ve put the bass too. But no, we gotta plant GRASS on the island first. Bruh. There’s no redhead emoji for facepalm and I’m offended 🤦‍♂️
Geese names: Gaggle and Gander
Y’all did the garden! I hope it over produces n you have an abundance of good FRESH food! I’d definitely put some fencing around the trees and gardens too. Oh and y’all better start your seeds now in seed trays! Thank bro for some good content to watch.
Thelma and Louise
I'm thinking the geese ought to be named Greg and Gertrude. LOVE Uncle Sam for the baldy.
Jack and Jill...... they're on the hill. Cute name I think.
I love the view over the lake in the morning!! ❤️❤️
Your bat-box needs to be mounted higher in the air.  Close to the ground allows predators to get in there.
Ricky and Jill
I’ve been watching this pond from the beginning.. I love watching these videos .. Thank you bro
Geese should be named. Lucy and Ricardo
How about the names  REN AND STIMPY for the geese
Since they are canadian geese you should call them.  Loonie and Toonie.
On wild/feral hogs :   a female (sow) reaches sexual maturity at 6 months of age.  She can have a litter of piglets twice a year (gestation is 114 days) . Each litter can be 1-14 piglets.   So, within 1 year, you can feasibly end up with two dozen pregnant sows.    Exponential population growth.
You might want to roast them pigs before they become a real nuisance real fast.  You've been cooking meat, time to harvest some.
I think Bonnie and Clyde for the 2 geese!!! Love the videos man keep it up
Consider planting some trees on Alcatraz.  Maybe 3-4 river Birch and/or Willows
Research Bat Boxes, they recommend a certain height and sometimes direction. I think they want them facing the sun during the day.
Two things. The green coloration in the pond water is indicative of algae bloom.  Should consider getting a few species of native algae eating type fish (like Buffalo fish) , as well as native mussels, crustaceans,  and snails.    Another issue is more along the lines of a question. What will you do when muskrat/nutria show up and begin burrowing into the pond banks and break through the clay blanket?
Will there be a mrs  mobe?
Is it Owlcatraz island? I really hope so
Nice 👍🏾
Jack and Jill
Name the geese loonie and toonie!
What an awsome project you have! Also nice documentation for us. Thank you!
You're going to want to put your bat box about 20 feet off the ground.
Name one of those geese, geese lightning lol
Geese should be named honked and goosey
Sad we have to go to the zoo , or your videos to see any animals. Haha goose names  loose and Ricky
If you want nesting waterfowl, you will need shrubs or other scrub bushes for them to nest around on the ground.  This will prevent birds of prey from swooping in on the mother ducks and geese.  You can cover the island and plant some near the pond edges as well.
I think you should call the 2 geese "Heathcliff and Gertrude" I know those might sound strange but  they remind me of two ducks that come around here that we named that. That was also the name of two seagulls from Red Skelton if you know who that is.
It would be cool of you had a beehive out there
Are you going to put crappie fish in the pond?
Kill the hogs. As I'm sure you know they're VERY destructive
slash and axl
Hi  are you going to put mr mobi in the big pond.
The coolest thing about this is you're creating an entire ecosystem around your Pond I hope i have enough money to do this one day just seeing the nature starting to come around is so cool
Those two geese are Canadian government protected Canada geese. Canada has a Jack Miner conservation area specifically for those geese. You have build the pond on the migration path of the Canada geese. Those Canada geese are on Canadas 1967 silver dollar and all Canadian 20 dollar silver coins. The Canada geese pair for life and the male is extremely protective about its nest and young. They may want to nest on your island so you would need to leave the eggs alone. The owner of the pond should take some time to study up on the Canada geese and its history in Canada.
Loger
Sandy
The geese should be called Gander and Xander
You should name the geese hairy and Lloyd
Those geese are going to be the pond's protectors... how about calling them Wyatt (Earp) and Doc (Holiday)
Next time just have the soil delivered. You can get yards for much cheaper then buying the bags. Your wife knows how to garden. Planning for your crops and rotations is a great foundation. If you know anyone with goats or sheep their manure is excellent and can be planted in almost immediately after tilling in.
Name the geese mango and mutton
Really enjoy watching this series of videos and all the progress y’all have made so far! Getting real excited future installments on the series!
Peter and hans as Name for the gooses
He need to be in the backyard pond
Dude. Awesome!
I say Adam and Eve Since there the first geese!!!!
Maverick and iceman seems fitting!! Love your videos sir
Dang I said Uncle Sam to lol
I have plenty of black scorpion tongue, 7potXbhut and reaper sprouts I can send y’all  if you want add some hot stuff to the garden.
Is moby going in the pond?
Please keep us updated!!! We love your videos!!!!
Jack and Jill would be a good name
Looking forward to the crawfish boil!
Name them Thelma and Louise!
Ace and axel are Bonnie and Clyde, came over from one Rod one reel because I like your content so I've been going back and watching your past videos .
Name the geese “Maverick” and “Goose”
LETS. GOOOOO
Drain  it it full of algae
Lady and the Tramp for the geese
I think the geese should be named Johnny and June.
bat box should be about 10 feet off the ground to help keep snakes out
Been watching from the start, well done good sir.  THE OWL HOUSE. is far too small for owls, they like to get in via the size of the opening you have.  they like to spread their wings at least halfway when inside and need to stand up full height, so their den needs to be pretty large box, rather than the small one they stand on.  -  I hope this assists your wonderful drive.  I am a south African and now an american citizen sinse 1995.  I used to keep owls, hawks and crows at home when I was young.  You have fun now.  So proud of your effort. Andrew.
I think you need to name the geese bruce and lucy
Thank you so much for this series of the 5 Acre Pond. I am having a wonderful time on this journey with you. Even though I am on the other side of the country I feel like I am there with Y'all. I am so happy to see this I look forward to each new video lol one of the only series I have followed this closely. Well done. Keep up the good work and Bless your friends and Family.
Have a live stream camera that watchers can move.
The geese Luke and boost
Frik and Frak lls
Will Mr. Moby be placed into the pond? If so you should find a way to tag him so you’ll know if you catch him!
Harold and Maude for the Geese names
The Bluebirds that visited the Owl House like their own smaller nest boxes. A lot of people place several houses  specially to attract Bluebirds. Tree Swallows also use Birdhouses situated near the shore of the pond.
I would name the 2 geese Bob & Doug as in Bob & Doug McKenzie....
this is so sick
You have some great followers watching your videos. Keep it up . BTW, the geese how about Laverne & Shirley?
How are you going to protect your garden from the deer? We had to stop having a garden in our backyard, because the deer eat everything, even my flowers and roses. South Carolina midlands here!🇺🇸
It would be so awesome if you had a floating dock bridge over to the island so that you could 'bank' fish from the island as well. Or someway to get there without a boat.
have you done any aquatic plantings yet? You really need to get some aquatic plants established to help control the ammonia and nitrogen projection from the fish, and it will help with your green algae bloom, and clarify the water.
You need to kill those hogs. They will destroy your stuff.
You do not want a  Feral Hog on your property at all. Sorry but you really need to address those pigs. Kill every last one of them or you will be sorry.
Geese naes should be Lucy and Dave
I didn't want the video to end :/
FYI about Owls they normally do not like building a nest they will steal a un used nest and are very lazy with building one.  The owl box should help with that but maybe put some sticks and hay inside.
Definitely Donald for one of the new ducks
@Bamabass love these video. I think it would be cool to call the geese John and Clarence after the two brothers who escaped from Alcatraz as the geese seem to like hanging about the Alcatraz island.
You need some aquatic vegetation for cover for those fish. If not, they won’t last long when you add bass.
I think you should name the new Canadian Geese , Thelma and Louis or Wilma and Petty. Obviously both a spin off of Thelma and Louise and Wilma and Betty , respectively lol
Great job,I like Crimson and clover for the gesse...
Romans 3:23 states: "For all have sinned, and come short of the glory of God;". We are all sinners, that have committed at least one sin in our lives, which earns us an eternal punishment in Hell. Revelation states 21:8 "But the fearful, and unbelieving, and the abominable, and murderers, and whoremongers, and sorcerers, and idolaters, and all liars, shall have their part in the lake which burneth with fire and brimstone: which is the second death.". God sent his Son, Jesus, to Earth as a perfect sinless sacrifice. To take on all the sins of the world; both past, present, and future sins. Shedding his blood on the cross as a blood atonement for all sins. After dying on the cross, he rose from the dead on the 3rd day and rose to Heaven. To show life after death. To show everlasting life through Jesus's sacrifice. John 14:6 states: "Jesus saith unto him, I am the way, the truth, and the life: no man cometh unto the Father, but by me.". Romans 10:13 states "For whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved.".      Eternal life in heaven is just one prayer away. All you have to do is believe that Jesus Christ, the Son of God, died on the cross for your sins. As an atonement for your sins. And rose from the grave on the 3rd day. Ask Jesus to save you of your sins and give you eternal life in Heaven. Salvation is a free and everlasting gift from God. Please don't let pride drag you into eternal punishment in Hell, but ask Jesus to give you eternal life in Heaven. If you're getting a strong feeling of resistance while reading this, it's because Satan doesn't want you to get saved. He wants you to resist, and think it's not real. He wants you in Hell for all eternity with him. Hell is not a fun place, like worldly people like to imagine. It's everlasting torture with no relief. I'm only taking the time to text this, because I want to get the message out. There are so many distractions in life keeping people from witnessing to other people. Keeping people from thinking about salvation. Keeping you from thinking about life after death. Please, ask Jesus into your hearts to save you of your sins and cleanse you from all unrighteousness. Ask him for a place in Heaven, and he will save you from eternal damnation in Hell.
I think you should name them after the Mackenzie brothers, Bob and Doug, since they look a lot like Canadian geese
Name the geese MAPLE and SYRUP
Name the geese Dolce & Gabbana
Bonnies Bayou. Only fair to name the two geese Bonnie and Clyde
I've built a bunch of bat boxes exactly like that one for my friends. One of them has a nice pool and we did praying mantis, ladybugs AND 2 bat boxes around it, needless to say there are NO nuisance insects anywhere near his pool!!! It took 3 years for them to fill to capacity, but now he has about 4-500 resident bats in his backyard!!!  The one tip I can give you is the higher the better!!! They like the house to be up, up, UP!!! there, at 40-60 feet maybe even as high as 80 if at all possible!!! It makes it easier for them to find it and exit the house at dusk..... Can you believe that almost 300 little guys will cram into that tiny little box????!?! You'll know when there are tenants when the guano piles start below it!!!! Build something to catch and harvest it, you won't regret that!!
Gussie and Gabble would be cool names for the Geese.
Lol the money this bullshit must’ve cost
Maybe some nice names for the geese: Geezer and Deezer
Great update!
those are Canadian geese so they need a Canadian name Celine as in Celine Dion and Wayne as in Wayne Gretzky
Is there any threat of Alligators in Alabama?
Lucy Goosey Bruce Goose Or Commander Gander
This guy is living the life I have dreamed of: Open spaces, a pond, farm, cabin, woods, fresh veggies, wild life, oh my!
Bonnie and Clyde for the goose
Naming geese reminds me of the movie Fly Away Home. Since they are Canadian Geese, I'd say they look like a "Quebec" and "Sierra" (Based off the radio telephony alphabet)
First names that came to mind for those geese were Maverick and Goose, or Iceman and Maverick if you don't want to call the goose "goose"
I love watching that time-lapse and seeing those stars move and shoot across the sky great footage! ✨ Maybe you can name the two new geese Bonnie and Clyde. 🤗
You should name the geese "sugar & Spice"! lol
The geese’s names are for sure Wallace and Gromit
Popeye and Olive oil for the geese
How else would you lay out a garden ? We usually used graph paper as I was growing up. Now if I had my own garden I'd probably use whatever modeling or cad program was handy.
Name the geese Clara and Gus. Because why not?
I suggested "Sam the Eagle" like from Sesame Street! I was so close to the winning entry.
Since they've Canadian geese I would name them Bob and Doug..a couple of famous Canadian Hosers..lol. if you are Canadian you will understand
some good names would be mindi and susie
The geese oughta be named Bruce & Lucy Goose
Call the Canadian Geese "The Mounties" they're from Canada and they will protect your ducks. For now is just 2 but trust me... They travel well haha
You should name them Abigail and Amelia. Hitting even for a male. Or aby for the male. Reference is the movie aristocrat
Can you make a video on where you get all your money 😂😂
Brooks and Dunn
Goose and Maverick
you should name them waddles and wiggles the geese
The two geese should be named fanny and manny
Great video!  Love the farming/gardening you are doing.  Man, I am impressed with how responsive you are to viewer suggestions.  You are putting in the work for this channel success.  Great job!
Eddie & Flo (geese)
Geese names: Ryan gosling and quackie chan
You should name the geese Barney and Andy (Barney fife and Andy Griffith)
The geese names Thing 1 and Thing 2.
Abigail and Amelia for the geese from the Aristocrats! Great series can’t wait to see when everything is completed!
Let your ducks out already. .
Hey man are you also gonna add some carp in the pond?😁
If you can attract Swallows and Robins, it would be great for bringing down your insect population besides the bats. Especially the swallows are known for being the dive bombers of nature and their specialty is mosquitos
Time to harvest timone and pumba. Let's barbeque some pork for the grand opening of the cabin.
You mentioned geese.... If you let them breed there, the young come back and the cycle will continue. I love all wildlife but I guarantee you will NOT love geese.   They will overtake your shoreline and leave their dig sized feces behind.   I've dealt with it for years.   Good luck!
You are gonna have to shoot or maybe trap them hogs. They are terrible! I love the series though!👍🏼
Another great video...goals for sure!! Geese names; Desi and Lucille...an iconic couple just like your new pond tenants.
Do you plan on putting other fish than bass in there? Maybe catfish or crappie?
Name the Geese Garry and Gus, also the pond is looking amazing!
I live outside of pensacola and I’ll just say, after I put in a couple bat houses those bug problems I had being close to a swamp and pond disappeared. I don’t know if bugs are an issue yet but I know bats are my friend now.
Geese Name - Honker and Buzzer
Since they're Canadian geese, Bob and Doug seems appropriate. If one is female, then Barb and Doug!
Are you going to plant some crawfish in the pond?
Beautiful pond Sir, that place would certainly make a great place to sit and just have a cup of coffee , and just watch and relax, thanks for sharing your pond build 😎😎👌👌👌☀️☀️☀️🍮🍮🍮🍮❤️
The snack that you call spicy ceviche is actually called pico de gallo. Add some cilantro in that and it will be even better. I love the videos been watching that pond build since day one it turned out great
Floyd and lloyd
I like the name "Alberta" for one of the geese since they’re Canada geese and “V” for the other one since that’s their flying formation.
You can't  call it civiche without citrus cured fish. It is a Pico de Gallo or salsa crudo, raw salsa but usually cilantro is added and a little salt .
Goosey and Lucey
European Starlings and Eastern Bluebirds where the ones on your box.  They are cavity nesters and were likely checking out the box for nesting.  The owls likely already have a nest built.  I would encourage you to put up a few nest boxes for bluebirds.  Be sure to use a predator guard on your pole if you put any up.  You can use a piece of conduit and 6" stovepipe and mount a cedar house on it.
The geese will kill your ducks. I had to harvest one of my ganders yesterday for killing a drake
I've seen eagles kill ducks.
The green haze ever going to o away? Is it an algae bloom or is it just the color from substrate bleed through and what not?
Wilbert and Charlotte  would be good names
Next week, Hog Roast!!!
I think Pinky and the Brain is fitting for the geese. 🤣
for the geese one should be called Mr Goose and Mrs Goose a. Started watching a few weeks ago.
Just curious how much was the pond to build
Geese names, Ozzie and Harriett
I really think you should not fish your pond! As you said, the first generation of bass of every pond is the most agressive and if you are going to catch them they will get less and less agressive so they will eat less...
jim and bob for the geese
Boris – from Balto (the Movie),  Abigail Gabble – From The Aristocrats
Awesome series!! You’ve given me a whole new goal in life. Possible Goose names- Ryan Goosling, Goose Willis, Goose Springsteen
For the Canada geese, how about Bob & Doug McKenzie after the classic Canadian beer movie "Strange Brew"
Bonnie and Clyde for the Canadian geese?
Grey goose and goose IPA
These videos keep me sane in these times
Peanut and Coco
you should have put your bat box up higher, bats  drop out they need room to drop without hitting the ground before flying
My bat box(put up at my wife’s request) turned into a red wasp box. So beware.
Bonnie and Clyde, goes with the gangster and Alcatraz theme
Bonnie and Clyde
Why does the water look green? Though, it's beautiful 😍
Geese name: Bonnie and Clyde
You should put up some Purple Martin houses around your pond, they will keep the mosquito population down.
BETTER off just boating some Bermuda sod out and laying it down...  Bermuda seed is VERY hard to get to take.
LOVE,LOVE,LOVE this series of progression.  I would love to have this place.  fishing should be awesome once the pond gets developed. Keep the updates coming. As a disabled old veteran would love to come spend time there enjoying the rest and relaxation..
I think a good name for the goose are Honker, and Tooter.
Goose and Maverick
Wiggle and waddle for the geese!
Nick and Terry (Saban)  .. This is the coolest series I've watched on here. Great job
Bet there's lots of arrowheads in that turned up soil
How long will it take for those fruit trees to produce fruit?
Heckle and Jeckle
We really need to start helping the bald eagles more
At Min 2:15, you an see there is a little bird  the right of the geese. That is a killdeer. So you have another species visiting. Also, the type of hawk you show in the rain is called a Northern Harrier. Love the videos.
Chef tip, put a wet paper towel under your cutting board to stop it moving around whilst cutting , it slipping around like that is a good way to cut yourself.
Bat box is too low. Needs to be at least 12 off the ground.
the geese should be called Gabe and Able
Bert and Ernie for the geese.
Since it's Alcatraz island, how bout Bonnie and Clyde for the Geese ?
Audio is very deep and sometimes hard to understand.  If you could adjust voice settings with less bass it would be great.
Blue Bird Alert!    I noticed when you were showing the owl house that a Blue bird showed up a couple times. The owl house is actually an over sized Blue Bird house, you have the perfect location. They are a beautiful bird and very beneficial  think it would be worth a quick Google
For the goose  1. Ollie  2. Polo
It’s a dream build.
Your daughter has the perfect idea for the family area near pond. Her own covered play area. You definitely hit a homerun with this project.
Plant more plants in the water so your baitfish and bass could hide and bread. Plants also increase the quality of water.
Ozzie & Harriet is my suggestion for the Geese.
Geese should be called Spring and Summer in my opinion cause they might fly South for autumn and winter.
You can call the geese paddle and puddle
Honker and Honkit
Since they are canadien geese, Bob and Doug from Great White North
Honker and Honkie for the geese
Bonnie and Clyde for the geese!
You need to get a bee hive on the go , they would help your area no end , watch those canadian geese they take over , well they have here in the UK
Bonnie and Clyde on Alcatraz Island!!! Lol 😂
Love the build.  How about Bonnie and Clyde for the geese names?
That's more of a chunky salsa. Not a ceviche. Ceviche contains seafood!!
I love the series, just wish they were longer, I mean we already have to wait 2 weeks, make it worth it
I'm loving this series! I'm wondering if you are ever going to dye the pond.
Owls usually don’t make there own nest . Until you have another breed of bird come and build a nest then once there done owls will take over the nest .
Canadian here. Those are Canadian geese and they aren't scared of anything. Should name them Bob and Doug after two characters from a Canadian TV show (SCTV)
I think a good name for the to gees are Tom and Jerry
Name the geese mustang and sally
The geese, what about Mr. And Mrs. Canuck?
Max and ruby would be a good name for the geese
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH NOOOOOOOOOOOOOO what did you do to that beautiful steak noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
I think, usually the a batbox needs a lot of time to get acceptet and found by the bats. Probably about a half year or longer. So don't worry, if the bats don't show up in the next few weeks. :)  I really enjoy your videos every week. Keep going! :D
The geese are Canadian geese and when I think about Canada I think about maple syrup. Why not name them Maple and Syrup? It’s that time of year when people tap the trees so I think it’s appropriate. I hope they stick around and nest on that island. I have seen a pair nest on a beaver lodge before. Also the hawk you showed right after that clip is a Northern Harrier. I would name her Apache like the helicopter. They are known for their hovering before dropping down to grab a mouse.
Hahah after that first stunt with the duck decoy I'd definitely name the geese Heckle and Jeckle 🤣🙌
well, they are Canadian geese and most likely a breeding pair. so what about Montie and Alberta
The geese should be Rick and Morty
Tweedle dee and tweedle dumb for the geese
New Geese should be Jack and Jill
Bat box and Owl box don't mix well. Owls and Bat Hawks are the main predators of bats. Maybe move the bat boxes to nearby trees, place them higher in the trees and put plastic around the trunk of the tree (so raccoons don't climb up and eat the bats). But still not sure the bats will move in with all those predators around.
Lonnie and loola
Love the series.  Why does the pond have that green tint?
Have you looked into Peacock bass?... A really ornate fish and just a little off the beaten path of sticking
Name them Romeo and Juliet
Just an fyi but the bat box has to be 20 feet high and near the tree line. :)
Canadian geese, what better names than Doug and Bobbie. Bob and Doug MacKenzie are a canadian thing,
I think you should name the geese tom and greta.I love the videos keep them coming.
Hiya! Name the two Canada geese, Freedom & Convoy!! In honor of the Canadian Trucker Freedom Convoy that inspired people around the world to demand an end to governmental overreach. THANKS for all that you share!!!
If you add a 6-inch bass to that pond you will decimate your minnows that you just put in
Name the geese Adam and Eve, those names fit the little paradise you’re building
Another great pond update! Thanks! Being a Canadian and seeing as those are Canada Geese I think it would be awesome to name them after some Canadian cities! Some suggestions might be:  - Victoria - Regina - Toronto - Ottawa - Hamilton - Kingston - Barrie
When you get done washing the tractor ,spray the underneath with diesel fuel to keep the mice out .
🔥💕👍
Wonderful video. Thanks.
That eagle is gonna take your bass
Twiddle dee and twiddle dumb
names for the geese-  " Lucy and Goosie " .
Geese names, Capone and Machine gun Kelly, since they was both at alcatraz 😁
I'd like to name the two geese, Morty and Wolly😁😁
Great Horned Owls don't use nest boxes. You might get American Kestrels or some song birds using it.
Geese are not good for the pond they will bring in contamination from other ponds and when they have baby’s you will have way to many adding up year after year! Get rid of them.
One geez Al the other Capone xD
Name the geese  Bonnie and Clyde
Hey if the eagle ever gets a companion you should call it Liberty belle!
I think Beauty and Beast would be good names
Better shoot those hogs.
I say Lucy and Ethel for the geese
Great video 👍👍
at 2:14 it looks like you have a killdeer on the island as well!
suggestion: add plot of milkweed for monarch butterflys.
Great video series. Thank you
Geese Names - Shania & Twain after my favorite Canadian Country Star.
Geese should be named Jessie and James
This Canadian viewer offers the names of Doug and Bob Mckenzie, lol. Wiki them.
I think goosen is a good name
The bat box should be up much higher..  12-20ft.  And it should be placed 20-30ft from any trees or structures.
Are you gonna tag your pet fish before you put them in big pond?
Since they are Canadian Geese, maybe Doug and Bob McKenzie, eh?
Should call them hansel and gretal
because the geese are Canadian, Terrance and Phillip
Probably pissed with duck decoys bc past experience with decoys.   They fly to ponds with hunters sometimes and get shot at or loss their partner or whatever.
Peanut Oak Pond
The geese should be Lancelot and Elaine
I think “George and Martha”Washington for the geese
bonnie and Clyde for the geese
Maybe name one of the geese Maple? (a little nod to Canada)
The bat house should be about 15’ in the air and face the south.
I think you should name the geese Johnny (Cash) and June.  The pond looks great, this series has been really cool.
Have you had a forester come out and look at the pond? If I was on a job I would have the owner move those fields back and plant some large plants in the riparian area. Your water quality will suffer without a good buffer zone
For the geese - they're Canada geese, so in honor of a famous Canadian couple: Ryan (Reynolds) and Blake (Lively)???  Awesome series!
Are you going to put any craw fish in the pond as well or just bait fish?
Laverne and Shirley
Thanks for another great video!  The pond is coming along swimmingly, as they say.
Call the geese. Chip and Dale
I think hunzel and gretel would be nice names for the geeses
Your hawks are Red Shouldered hawks.
You should name the geese Abigail and Amelia Gabble from the disney movie !
You can call those Canadian Geese, Celine and Rene. (Celine Dion and Rene Angelil) 😊
Mr Canada and Ms Canadian for the geese
Would a microchip that you use on cats and dogs work for Bonnie and Clyde once you add them? Would allow you to quickly scan them with the reader and see if it’s one of them. Know this was something a long time ago you were looking to solve. Not sure how else to tag fish
I'm pretty sure the bat box is to close to the ground. But southern bats might be different.
Or Jack and Jill
Name the geese Rosie and Jim
The geese could be named Gil and Gale, full name Gil Goose and Gel Goose.
Sunny and Cher should be the names for the geese as there probably a mating pair 😀
I am enjoying this pond build series so much.  Names for you geese could be Fred and Barney or Gazoo.
Bob and Doug McKenzie for the geese ay
You should name the geese Maverick and Iceman
let's make it a weekly thing. damn 2 weeks felt like a year
How about Goose Lee and Lucy Goosey for the Canadian Geese? I hope they stay and bring more! They have the cutest baby goslings!
I put up a bat box many many years ago and found it has to be at least 12 ft in the air for you to collect bats and have them live in it just a thought don't know how high you put yours but love your channel and love what you did with the pond 👍❤️💥💥😎
I think they should be named tom and jerry!
The geese could be named, Frank and Jessie James with the outlaw theme.
How much does mr.moby weigh
Did you ever post how much you spent on your pond?
I think for the geese the names Manny and Sid would be cool!
How about naming them Goose and Maverick
Second time watching big thumbs up ♥️♥️♥️
You should name the geese Jack and Jill. I didn't get a notification for last week even though I set the bell I have to try to find it. Love you Palm bill from Southwest Florida
Bob and Doug Mckenzie for the geese names. Although most people might not get that reference.
How about Bonnie and Clyde? I’m really enjoying your videos, thank you for all that you do!
For the geese you should name them Rick and morty
Most bat boxes should definitely be around 15-20 feet high...  Curious to see if they'll use it when it's so low?
they used to play, but now they're here to destroy.  you need to dispatch those pigs ASAP
Can you put a plexiglass viewing window on the bar house? Also when does the live cam go up for the pond?
Bert and Ernie would be good names for the geese. Ha
Goosey-Goosey and Gander
Canadian geese need Canadian names. Canuck and Hoser
Those are canadian geese so you should name them Poutine and Maple
I have enjoyed your videos from day. Thank you.  I think you should call the geese Liberty and Bell .
I like how you southerners say spring is here as we recieved 8 inches of snow on the weekend. I need to move.
You should for sure name the geese "Ryan" and "Gosling"
Mike and Molly
This channel shows the world just nice loving and caring most of us folks in the south are.
You sir are living the Real American dream.
Name the geese Elvis and Priscilla!
For the geese Beetle Goose and Feather Locklear
I think great names for the geese would be nuts and balls
Canadian geese should be called eh and sorry
You and Liz need to get a little more ambitious and think about starting a few projects!  ;) Whew!!! Btw, if those wild hogs don't leave right quick I'd be renaming them: "Porkchop/Carrots" before the damage starts.
Bert and Ernie for the geese
You should  Name the geese/goose (i dont know how to spell That) Bama and Bass since theirs two of them
God bless you sir. This is ever beautiful
Name the geese “goose & maverick”
adam and eve because in the beginning there were two lol
Everyone else: How do I get bermuda grass out of my lawn! Bama Bass: How much for the bermuda grass seed?
Harry and Sally
Burt n Ernie sound good for the geese.
Love the build. Tim Hortons and Mary Browns are two of the most popular restaurants in Canada so I'd go with their nicknames "Timmy and Mary"
Two geese = Prison & Guard
Its corny' but call them  Maverick & Goose....   ;o)
Lucy and Ricky!
Love watching your videos! How about Capitan and Ginger for the geese names?
What about Warden and Judge for the geese?
Mmmmmm! Bacon!
Names for the two geese:  Ryan Goosling and Stephen Honking
If the two geese will be the defenders of your ducks, they should be named Locked and Loaded!
you should name the geese Jem and Scout from to kill a mockingbird!
Names for the geese:  Maverick & Goose
Why is the water green?
Had to go and read up on a knife that takes several years to make.....they start counting the knife making process with the mining of the iron ore.  Looks like great quality but thats just marketing talk.
I think Bat boxes need to be mounted higher.   At least 10ft.
Bob and Doug for the Geese since they are Canadian geese.
Absolutely love your channel, would love to come fish their one day . lol it’s on my bucket list …..!  From Ayrshire Scotland uk 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿
I actually look forward to these episodes every weekend, it's calming to get a Monday going
Moose and Manda for the geese. Instead of Goose and Gander.
Honk and bonk is the only acceptable name for them.
What about Megan and Harry for the geese
I love what you have achieved, cheers from Zacho, Perth Western Australia 🇦🇺
The geese should be named "Red & Green" - I've been watching your series since the beginning from North of the border and I think this name would represent the Canadian Geese's Canadian heritage with a reference to proper Canadiana of "The Red Green Show"
What about the left over wood from the oak tree you forgot to read the answers for that one last episode! I’d love to see rails on the deck and a bench as well and a cooking table so you can entertain and fish at the same time 😊
Heckle and Jeckle for the Geese
First names that came to mind was Lucy and Ethel. Just because I love Lucy (out Great Dane).
Looks very green
Love the pond man! Gotta name the Geese "Bonnie & Clyde"
I was starting to worry about you. Kept checking for a nev vid. Happy to see you're back!
What next?  Elephants?  So many animals showing up to the party.  Love this pond project.
Ricky and Lucy for the geese names.
How about Bonnie and Clyde for names for the Canadian geese?
Bert and Ernie for the geese.
For the geese I was Spruce and Bruce, they rhyme with goose!
squirrels like walnuts that i have found
Love it
Did you buy a new lens ? I can see the quality has gone up
How about one of the geese be Rosie for Rosie the Rivetor and Joe for G.I. Joe. Be able to stick with Uncle Sam
Get rid of those hogs. As soon as possible. You know what they will do to your area. Once you begin your planting they will start digging it up and trash the place. No telling what damage the rooting will do to the embankment, and they will eventually start in on it. Cap um, trap um, whatever you need to do. On  a lighter note, do you intend to add any cats into the pond? And the deer herd you have accumulated, damn son. The Hunter in me started drooling.
Just awesome!
Name the geese Bonnie and Clyde!!!!!
Names for the geese: Moose and Juice
Geese name: Beavis and Butt-Head
The name of the geese should be George and Gracie. No prize necessary. Give it to somebody in the area  that could use it and needs it.
Duck duck goose 😂
Great job! It's looking amazing and put together like a master piece. I think a good name for the geese would be Bonnie and Clyde. But I think you used the name Bonnie. So maybe Jack and Rose.
I think the goose should be called Bonnie and Clyde
Those hogs could become a big problem.
How about maverick and goose?
WATER PLANTS ADD WATER PLANTS
Ceviche uses fish usually
You should name them Abigail and Amelia and if a third goose shows up he can be Uncle Waldo like the geese from The Aristocats
You should name the geese Rocky and Bullwinkle
manay and manoy
Put an animal gate around the garden area
Mr & ms canadian
Goose Names! Maverick and Goose
I would call the geese Orville and Wilbur (Wright brothers)
How about Ben & Jerry for the Geese
Those are Canada geese. Evil little buggers tasty though
How about Honk and Hiss for your geese
this is like if Jeremey Clarkson did the Farm properly
How’s the leaking? Is it better?
For the geese , Mick & Mish !
Tell you what 5 ads for a 15 minute video is ridiculous...
Name for the The geese “ heckle and jackal ,
Geese names:   Frank Morris and John Anglin 2 of the escapees from Alcatraz.
Love the content! keep up the good work
Suggestion names for the geese “heckle and jackal “
Names for the geese: "Sally & Gooster"  Really enjoy what you do, great way to start the week. Thank y'all!
YES
I agree with Adam Currie's comment below. Those owls will not nest in an exposed nest. They would prefer a nest in the woods in some cover so they can sleep during the day. Harriet sounds like a good name for a Northern Harrier hawk identified by Michael Ray Spencer below. It has the body of a hawk with the face of an owl.
how about jack and sally
what better names for Canadian Geese than Bob and Doug McKenzie!  Take off hoser eh!
Bonie and Clyde or Bob and tom
Bonnie and Clyde
Chuck and Larry geese brothers.
Name the geese Starsky and Hutch. Great content! Pond build has been awesome
You should really tag Bonnie, Clyde, and Moby before putting them in the pond so that you know when you catch one of the three.  Really love the series!
I'm not sure that the ducks will last long with the eagle out there. He will more than likely eat them.
Bonnie and Clyde
The Canadian Geese need to be called Ryan and Celine after too other well known Canadians LOL
The Canadian Geese should be named Terrence and Philip.
I vote Bonnie and Clyde for your geese names.  Really enjoy watching your pond setup.
@BamaBass, watching you're videos of the pond build and its progression. Makes me yearn to at least visit the Alabama, Georgia, and Florida region. Its been 7 years since I moved to Oregon, and overall I have been happy here but the Southern Boy in me still for the Southern fishing and hunting. Thank you for your videos and the piece of home that has been long overgrown with the tourist industry..
I hope you’re still planning on making fishing and hunting videos! I love the pond videos but I wanna see you catch some toads!
You should put one maybe two trees on Alcatraz island and let your daughter and wife name them.
Name the geese Punch and Judy. The pond looks amazing with the fish settling in well. Love the projects that you introducing to the pond. Will you ever introduce catfish or crawfish into your pond? That sunrise shot at the end was stunning. Can't wait for next video already 🤭
Can call the geese Bonnie and Clyde.
Abigail and Amelia from the Aristocrats..
You should name them ben and jerry.
Name for the geese: Adam and Eve.  The first of many generations to come
If the gees are male and female call them Mr and Mrs magees
💯 Heckle and jeckel for the geese
This is literally my dream when I'm retired
i love how my brain keeps going high quality Japanese steel means it is average steel anywhere else..... because japans iron is shit. They have great technices to optimese the quality you can get out of your steel but
Name The geese after the Alcatraz escapees
How’s about “Bonnie” and “Clyde” for the geese.  “Bonnie” and “Clyde” will protect the ducks.
For naming the geese I think bakery them Wayne and Daryl after the main characters from letterkenney.
What’s the name of the song in the very beginning? It sounds good.
put a perch up for the owl!
thelma and louise for the geese
name the ducks Tom and Jerry haha
I love how there is a consistent 500,000 people watching these videos. Very interesting to see how just a couple wildlife shots and simple project progression can captivate such a large selection. Good job on the videos, keep doing what you’re doing!!
Billy and Gilly for the geese <3
I follow this build religiously, and I love it so much, this what I plan to do when I retire
If you put an old tractor tire or semi tire on Alcatraz island the geese Will use it as a nest.
Gus & Gerdy Gaggle  "Honkers for hire, quack protection specialists"  Loving the pond bud, just too bad you don't get a foot of ice on top in the winter. Dreaming and working for a set up like that myself one day...  just had to sell off 400 acres in Iowa to other family members after losing my dad and his mom last year in a god awful estate disbursement. Always wanted to see a pond on it and had a perfect spot to do it, even had a natural fed almost perfect quality spring and yards upon yards of silty clay loam everywhere around it... Point being I am itching to start my endgame project in the next 1-2 years or as soon as the price of anything wants to stick with the same number for more than a day and receipts stop coming per-lubricated. I would love to hear your top 5 "do's and dont's" on purchasing the correct plot of land, what to look for/avoid, any hacks you discovered or came privy to in your pond pilgrimage!
Love these videos so much! A suggestion on the owl, duck and bat houses… birds and animals need full confidence in the safety of the places they choose to nest, and while these houses are sturdy they are too exposed! They really need to be on the side of a tree or in the undergrowth on some way of you want things to nest in there. Separate perches for the owls is still a great idea!
Name the geese Bonny and Clyde
I would pop those two invasive Starlings
Oooooh are you going to stock crawfish in the pond too?
Whats good for the Goose is good for the Gander. Goose and Gander for the names haha
Yesssssss a new vid!!
i have watched every installment of this amazing build, and sat envious while others name your animals, i would like to name your Geese... please, Micky & Mallory... keep up the amazing work, much love from South Africa <3 <3 <3
Thelma and Louise for the geese!
You should name the geese Elliot and Ness.  Running that Alcatraz island. Owl Capone better watch his step.
I think Donald and Daisy Duck 🦆 i think would be cool 😎 really enjoy your videos my friend thank you for sharing everything 👍🏻
Rich white people....
Maybe you could name the Canadian Geese 'Kingston' and 'Millie'. Kingston penitentiary is the oldest prison here in Canada and Millhaven institution is apparently the toughest here in Canada.
Thelma and Louise for the geese?
My grandma has fruit trees in VA and you have protect them from the wildlife because they get too excited and accidentally beat the crap out of fruit trees. Definitely look into some heavy duty protect for them that will last a few years while they spread out deep roots and thicken up in the trunk. Maybe look into things that will stimulate root and trunk growth? Fruit trees are very much a long term investment but I think they are so wonderful, it's like a normal wonderful tree but then it also gives presents! Maybe looks into some nut trees??
Thank you for the Update!
That bat house is way too close to the ground. Needs to be at least 15 feet above the ground and facing south.
You should name the geese two people from Alcatraz island
Thanks Very much for your OUTSTANDING Vids. D
Self sufficient greeen living woooptea!
the builds nice though !
Name the geese Louis and Clark. Love the series!
Chuck sum dank dunG down drops sum germed seeds n bobs yo hiiigH huh
How is it you manage to find all this. I can image it would be a small fortune! I bet it’s worth every penny though, absolutely stunning! I do envy you sir! Very very well done!
i like the names jack & jill for the geese. all the best.
I Love watching your Videos All the Way out from Africa (South Africa) Look forward to your Weekly Updates... I like the names Bubba and Waddles for them geese visiting the Pond...   All the best with your future ventures ...
Shoulda sprayed… Tilling does nothing but promote future weed germination if you don’t spray first.
Bonnie and Clyde
i think you should name the geese Patty and selma from the simpsons
Honk and Chonk for the geese
🙋
Mr and Mrs Smith! For the 2 geese
Harry and Linda duck.
Tommy and laurel for the 2 new geese
Rich people flaunting their wealth while sucking off the teets of YouTube viewers
Name the geese Bonnie and Clyde
Name the one that charged at the decoy Blitz because of obvious reasons. Name the second one that was in the background watching the attack being carried out Sarge, that one probably gave the order to attack. And it suites the fact that they guard a prison named island  💂💂
love your videos always waiting for the next one, i think Goose and Maverick would be good names for the geese
How many hours of game camera footage do you watch before each episode??
this channel just keeps getting better
Your bat box needs to be higher or they won't use it
Maverick and Goose!
Build an underwater room with windows into water, you could dye the pond to have more clarity.
Just a heads up regarding bat boxes. Normally you want to put them a bit up in a tree on the shaded side, because they do not like direct sunlight. At least that it the way the bats in Sweden like them. So I would assume it is the same for the bats in the US.
Names for the geese: Maverick and Goose..
Otto and Alberta for the geese, Albert for Aflberta and Otto for toronto???
Name the two canadian geese Rutt and Tuke. A reference to the two canadian moose in the Disney movie Brother Bear.
The Geese should be Bob and Doug Mckenzie!
Crawfish could be stocked in the pond also....
Bonnie and Clyde 👌🏾
Wow, what a life yall built for yourselves 💪🏼💪🏼 love it!
The two geese remind me of mean bouncers, protecting the pond. Maybe name them after two boxers? Mike Tyson and Sonny Liston.
How big is Mr Moby ???
The geese should be named Martin and Gina
Name the geese Bama , and Dixie, ya know cause RollTide lol
How about Lois and Clark the first geese explorers!!
Show the backyard pond if you can don’t get to see enough of the other fish
Mr. and Mrs. Smith
Bonny and clyde
george and gracie geese.....goose.....lol
I used creeping bent grass around my pond. Fantastic at waters edge as some water beetles like to breed among the stems. Agrostis stolonifera. Also in England we have some butterfly caterpillars that feed on some species of grass.
Will Mr. Moby be moving into the pond?
Considered making bacon out of the hogs?  They will raise hell if you don't do something
Names for the geese;  Goose and Maverick
Love your vids bamabass although I don’t think you get the recognition you guys deserve. I’d recommend mentioning subscribing in the beginning of videos just to encourage others to help grow the channel. I just really think your hard work deserves more recognition and this channel should be well over a million with the great series you have put out through the years. Maybe create a subscriber count goal to encourage people to join?? As always hope you and the fam are doing great, can’t wait for the next video!
name the geese, geese and lightning lol
You might want to consider adding some mosquito fish (Gambusia affinis) to your pond ecosystem. They will really do a huge amount towards keeping the pest insect larvae populations down. They don't get very big, but they breed prolifically and can be additional baitfish in the pond.
Call the geese goggle and gaggle
Where is this located?
As Canadian Geese pair for life, I think you should call them Albert, and Alberta....like my home province of Alberta.....🤔😶
It would be fun if you name the geese Bonnie and Clyde :)
I think you have done an amazing job and enjoy the video's, found you late but did a binge watch to catch up..... Think the Geese should be called " Bonnie & Clyde"
I think the geese are George and Gracie.
Gene and Gina sounds like a good name for the geese!❤️
Gussie and Gabbie for the geese names. It will be so cool in July/August when the Perseid meteor shower happens to be able to lay next to the pond and watch it with all the animals around 🤩🌠
Since you have Bonnie n Clyde I think you should name the geese Thelma and Louise
I think the names Ying and Yang! The black and white fit the names!
Bonnie and Clyde for the geese
Can you name the Geese Bonnie and Clyde?
George and Gracie
Geese...Roll & Tide
Waylon and cash would be good names for the geese
Hog hunt!!!!!best thing you can do for your property
Good name for the geese, bonnie and clyde..
Dang man I commented uncle sam first but he got more likes. Oh well. The pond is coming together great!
Nice. I missed last week's video
You're building a paradise!
Terrance and Perry
I think the perfect name for those geese would be Honk and Tonk
The geese should be named Gustav and Gisela
Nessa and Elphaba for the geese names lol the wicked witches' of the west
Love watching the videos and the progress. Amazing how much work goes into building a pond. Not just dig a hole and fill with water. Lol. Ur 2 geese's should be called Bonnie and Clyde. Especially since ur hoping they can fight off predators and protect the ducks
Geese names: Tim and Horton since they're canadian.
I think those are Canadian geese.  I say cool names would be Toronto and Montreal.
Are you going to add any aquatic plants?
Being Canadian geeks should name the Red and Harold after the Ted Green Show!  Canadian classic show by CBC.
The Bat House should be about 12 to 20 feet above ground
Geese names could be Caddy and Adlet. they are names of Canadian cryptids and I think that would sound awesome!
My son who is 5 says because they are Canadian geese you should give them hockey player names. He said Wayne and Hayley. After Wayne Gretzky and Hayley wickenheiser.
You should plant popcorn 🍿
You should name the 2 geese  Golly and Gus goose!
Those black birds with the yellow beaks that were landing on the owl box are European Starlings. They’re invasive and really aggressive towards other birds. I’d recommend getting rid of them.
Wild geese = Canadian Geese
One of the Alcatraz geese should be "The Warden".
I can't wait more frequent videos, I love what you are creating and what a cool hangout!
Use lily pads to create shade for the water. It will help with the algae blooms
Everything is looking great. Will be stunning once established. Bee hives would be a great edition to the whole project. UK
Heckle & Jeckle
As soon as I saw your geese I thought Ying and Yang might be good names
I don't think mice like light maybe rig some solar powered lights under the tractor keep them at bay.
Call the geese ronnie and reggie
Grease and lightning would be perfect names for the geese
Some recommendations for the goose names: Gus Goose (donald ducks cousin) or just Gus, and Gabby
The whole pond and set up is coming together nicely.
Goose and Maverick for the geese names lol
Love the new intro.
I always wondered how fish can see through cloudy water. Will that pond turn clear after sometime?
I’m so jealous. Amazing property
Name the geese Salt and Pepper. Nothing pairs better than salt and pepper.
Abigail and Amelia Gabble from aristocats!!!
jack and jill
Hello sir I've been keeping up with the series, you have some great content and I thank you for making us a part of it. That being said there are a couple of areas I may be able to lend some knowledge. Bat houses do well when mounted at about 15-20 ft. off the ground. Squirrels seem to go crazy for walnuts, and finally if you have plenty of bursh and a chipper/shredder you might want to research a "no dig method" for your wife's potatoes. God bless y'all and please keep up the series, it's some great content.
enjoying ur vids from the philippines
Don't know about the male Goose, but the female one could be called Berta like Alberta Canada
Any chance Mr Moby will have a place at Crimson Oak?
I think sally and sam are a good name for the pair
gussy and  guess that there name 😁
the geese should be names maple and syrup since they are Canadian geese
You should name the geese after John and Clarence Anglin the ones who escaped from Alcatraz
honker for the female goose and bam bam for the male goose... fun fact btw geese mate for life
Are you going to put any catfish in there?
Fred and Wilma would be good names.
I feel like you may need to plant some water plants and also like a thick grass before the pond to help filter the dirty water running off your farming feilds when it rains
Hey BammaBass. buy a couple of cans of sardines  put it in the bottom of the hole before planting those fruit trees and let the magic begin you will be surprise,
Are you going to be planting any trees by the pond? Cuz I always think about a nice apple tree or something to rest against - right on the shore of a beautiful pond/lake.
Maple and Leaf for the geese names
Stop watching when you sold out
The geese should be named thing 1 and thing 2
Clyde and Sweetpea
Starkey and  hutch
The Canada Geese should be Terrance and Philip :)
You got a good shot of a Killdeer @2:15
I would have to say garslars and jojofranky for the geese names
Can you add more minnows🐟🇬🇧👍
Name the geese Lucy (loosey) and Goosey
I think you should name the geese Ren and stimpy. I love the series by the way! I hope to have a place like this someday. Keep up the great work!
you need to put some crawfish to the pond!
I was thinking to put some taller grass on the island to have a little bit of cover for the geese or a little structure
Names for the geese could be goose and maverick. Protectors of the sky. Let's just hope their flying skills are better
F I r the Geese "Babyface Nelson and Cleopatra or Lady Di"
For the geese, I think it’s fitting to name them cooper and brad! 😎
Great video. Besides Bass what else are you putting in the pond and bluegill?
Hansel and Gretel for the geese
You should name the Geese Uncle Honk and Aunt Tonk
Sooooooooo cool!!! Thanks for sharing
You should plant some wildflowers that would be cool
Those are Canadian Geese so they should be called Bob and Doug McKenzie. They are a mated pair so Bob is obviously short for Roberta.
The geese Patrol
hey whats the cost so far in your pond
Geez your going to have a deer mecca as far as food!
canuk 1 and 2 for the geese. because they're Canadian geese! then if more come you can have 3, 4, 5! im Canadian!
rocky & bullwinkle for geese
Or maby Lucy and Bruce for th geese
Tell us are you going too put in 3 to 4 sacks of crayfish in the pond ? Victor from Palmdale California .
Name the geese Batman and Robin, they protect the ducks and have mask like faces haha
Idk if you could do this but what if you could put a tracker on moaby and let him go in the pond? Then in like two years try to catch him to see how much he weighs
Since we call them Canadian geese, maybe call them Bob and Doug after Bob and Doug Mackenzie? YouTube them. 👊🏼
You should name them James and Cecil in honor of the first warden (James A. Johnston) and associate warden (Cecil J. Shuttleworth) of Alcatraz Island!
The geese should be called  Jack and Jill
Since those are Canada Geese, I think Bob and Doug (McKenzie) would be good names.
A great name for the two geese would be Mordecai and Rigby From regular show
Honk and Hank
George burns & gracy allan for the geese
Batman and robin
Name the geese ying and yang
PRINT THAT SUNRISE WITH THE MIST OVER THE POND! ILL BUY IT FOR SURE!
The hawk at 2:35 is a Marsh Hawk or Marsh Harrier (name them Ozzie and Harriet), easily recognized by the white rump patch at the base of the tail.  Male will be slightly smaller than the female.  The smaller birds visiting the owl box were starlings and bluebirds.  A strong suggestion is you shoot those two hogs or you will likely end up regretting it (they'd make a great BBQ for celebrating when the cabin is done).  Those hogs are feral, not native to the US, and are extremely destructive; they will also kill and eat fawns if they find them and their rooting could damage your pond banks.  Also, when you plant those fruit trees, you better surround them with wire to prevent the deer from rubbing on them and also to prevent beaver from eating them; beaver will likely find that pond in the next year or two, if there is a stream or creek nearby.    Job well done!
You can name those gees as Mickey and Minnie
Lilo $ Snitch
Mulder and Scully for the geese  🙂
I like jack and jill for the geese there is a little bit of a hill on the island and well if you get lucky they will stay at the pond and have goslings
Print those night shots with the owl silhouette and the stars....man, I'd buy one for sure. You get great photos of all the wildlife there. Start getting good one up close of the buck, birds, Geese, all of em and print them into posters. Not big but have options. I bet you'd make a killing. Especially with the pond logo on the corner.
You should try to plant a Sycamore tree by the pond where the overflow is. This is so if intense raibs happen, the strangth of the roots would be able to hold a lot of the soil from being eroded away.
You should name the geese hoonky and honky.
Are you worried about the geese polluting your pond? This has been an issue in a few places I know of in NJ.  Also, when zoomed out the pond has a green tint, is that normal?
Name the geese “Salt & Pepper” I LOVE YOUR VIDEOS!! Thank you for the awesome content !
I would name one "loosie" as in  loosie goosey and maybe betutu?
Man buddy. You've done it right. 👏 One heck of a life you've built for you and your family. As always, prayers will continue to go out for you and your family for continued success and happiness.  Congrats brother.
I think Lucy is a traditional name for a goose and perhaps for the goose that charged the decoy duck, Bolt would be a good name.
Chip and dale
Please keep it coming— that’s what she said
2:18 That is typical of a breeding pair of geese, they will try to drive other waterfowl away.  Which might speak some to your idea that they geese will help protect your ducks.. 2:14 A little Killdeer over in the corner, eh?  Nice  2:25 Female Northern Harrier.  Look for the males, very different coloration: smooth gray (why they are often called The Gray Ghost) and their black wingtips more distinct.  Both have those owl-like faces and a white patch on the rump, like to fly low to the ground, and will do that hover-in-place before a dive which was the reason for naming the VTOL aircraft after them.  7:35 Eastern Bluebirds do not eat seeds, only insects, and perhaps rarely bits of fruit.  I have seen them scavenge bits off carrion also.  8:22 What are your plans for dealing with the hogs?  They can be pretty destructive.  Personally, I am not a fan of invasive species like them.. 9:20 European Starlings, 9:56 Eastern Bluebirds---you should add some Bluebird houses around the edges of the field! 12:45 The bat box could stand to be a bit higher, they will feel more secure about it if it were about twice that height from the ground.  It would also do better if further away from trees, more in the open.  In your area, a sun shield (basically an umbrella-type roof overhead with a small gap for ventilation) might increase the chances they use it.
Considering the Geese are around Alcatraz Island how fitting would it be to name them after the last Warden to run the prison.  His name was "Olin Blackwell". Name one "Olin" and the other "Blackwell". Pretty sick if ya ask me.
What kind of veggie is that yellow one @ 4.33 ?
Names for the geese: Donald and Duck
You spent soo much money on a pond that doesn’t make you any money. Smh, you must have made you money from bitcoins. Lmao
Can't wait till some planting (??) goes IN the water! need to bring that ecosystem up. Also- I would recommend some real bio from a lake - a clean one. Plants, water insects that will come along too. micro organisms that occur in lakes great for tiny fish.
Hogs? That might not be a good thing.
Or the honkers
My vote for naming the geese is Honk and Spud. Honk because that’s what geese do and Spud because of all the potatoes you’re planting at the time of this video.
You should name the 2 geese Elliot and Ness
Geese should be named Wayne and Squirrelly Dan. If you got a problem with Canadian geese then you got a problem with me and I suggest you let that one marinate.
Name the geese maple and syrup
A horseshoe pit would be cool close to cabin
Not 5 acres at all
Hey!!! I said Uncle Sam first!!
I remember when I stumbled on your first one video. I got so excited to binge watch them that night, only to discover you just made that video. Now, I look forward to watching the weekly installments.   I love a piece of media that is so incredibly wholesome without a mention of politics or the world around us. Your channel has been a much needed escape.   Geese could be loonie and toonie since they are Canadian.
Bonnie & Clyde for the geese names
Canada geese deserve Canada names! How about Bob and Doug Mackenzie, eh?
Honkers and Bonkers
Shows the importance of land. Every thing going on in the world and here we are building a pond cooking out. Inspiring!!!!
Time to buy a powerful zoom lens
Goose names?  Mother and Pops... We put cattails and papyrus around the island on our large dam (pond) and this has encouraged the geese and ducks to use the island even more. There are also five large gum trees on the island (we dug our the pond around this small group of trees deliberately to give the effect of a "duck" island. We now have seven plastic pallets out on the island with pallet wood frames over them and old corrugated tin over them to make shelters for the ducks. A month after we put them out there, the ducks had already built 'nests using the cattail, papyrus and other rushes. They also used the long cut hay that I left three bales out there for them, With a hundred and twenty ducks making the duck egg portion of our mixed use hobby farm safely based on the pond, we have no problems with breeding or loss to predators in two years of operation.
Bonnie & Clyde
Heard somewhere that its good to soak the pellets first let them expand before feeding, some could expand in the fish stomach
The names should be alie and sheldon
Name the Canadian geese “loonie” “toonie”
Name those geese Mork and Mindy!
The batbox is way too close to the ground.
Geesa, and Mallorie for the geese.
Name the geese Clarence and Frank as those are 2 of only three people to ever escape Alcatraz
Bruce the Goose, and Lucy the Goosie
Fred and gorge
You don't want the geese. They will take over the pond and end up being a nuisance, run the ducks off and that aren't exactly friendly to humans.
Name the geese Tom and Jerry
Can you make your videos longer. U have such beautiful land. Love the wholesome content.
I always admired this channel, I enjoyed how all of the ideas you had over the years became reality.
I wanna know this guys story, what he does for work and how he has infinity. Amount of money lol
Yes Alcatraz.... Build a Prison
Geese are tough to differentiate, so why not name them "Looker" and "Eater". One is always lookin, and one is always eatin!
You should name the geese Rutt and Tuke the two moose from Brother Bear
NMe the geese…Amos$Andy
The Geese look like Bonnie and Clyde to me. 😁
Geese name=Honkler
You should name the geese Jack and Jill
I like Uncle Sam. How about Melania and Donald for your cute geese couple?!!
Or Sam and Charles
I pray God protects yall.
Bob and Tom
The geese should be named Tim and Horton.
Name them .Bonnie and Clyde
Aren’t the deer amongst other things going to eat your garden?
Name for the ducks . Astrid and loki
Geese names Lucy and goosey
I hope they stick around! I'd vote Rocky and Bullwinkle.
You should tag Moby before he goes in the pond and track how big he gets
Hank is a good name for a goose
Amelia and Abigail Gabble for the geese from Aristocrats.
Name the geese Bonnie and Clyde
You should build a chicken Coop
Gandy for the geese!
Wish I lived closer to yah and buy you a beer great vids man
I thought Beetle goose and Goldie honker were funny names for the geese
I'd be dispatching those pigs to the BBQ. They multiply like rabbits and will destroy everything. Love the progress!
Mr. And Mrs.   goose names
The geese should be named Hansel and Gretal. Since they are there to get some food
Looks like the ducks and geese is eating your fish
For the geese I think a good name for the girl geese is  Lucy Goosey  And for the dominant male who attracted the decoy - Mr. Wiggles
You should name one PORTU, as a Portugeese
Should name the geese starsky and hutch…………………
Your monotone voice bores me to death sometimes. Great content though
I think the geese should be named “George and Gracie”
Bonnie & Clyde!
Name the geese THOR & THANOS
would love longer videos.  These are too short in my opinion.
Names for the geese. Anglin and Morris. Those are the last names of the only men to believed to have successfully escape from Alcatraz.
Name one of the red tail hawks victor after the mouse trap brand
That's not ceviche, that's pico de gallo, if you like cilantro I recommend adding some of that into it as well. Ceviche has fish/crab in it and all the lemon/lime/orange juice actually cooks the fish/crab through an acidic process.
Put the bat box higher like 12ft +
Abigail and Amelia Gabble from aristocats!!
The bat house needs to be at least 10-12 ft high and should face south. It also needs to be at least 20 feet from any tree. Those bastards eat lots of mosquitos per day (500 to 1000), but they sure are picky about where they sleep during the day. If I'm not mistaken, the bat house you got should be able to house 70 to 90 bats; they love to snuggle up while they are sleeping.
Your should name the female ally
Lol imagine seeing it in Autocad before building lol
You should name one of the geese Tim Honkers they are Canadian geese and there’s nothing more Canadian the tim hortens
I think the names of the new geese should be Popeye & Olive
Timon & Pumba for the geese
How often do you feed moby?
Martin and Gina for those geese? Who knows if they’re one and one but worth a shot lol.
Awesome!!
I recommend planting your rows wide enough to fit you tractor and tiller between them.  It beats picking all the weeds and there will be a ton
Jack and Jill went up the “hill” aka Alcatraz Island! I think that would suit the geese well. Can’t wait to see you guys fishing out on the pond someday soon!!
Daffy and daisy after the looney tunes. Their geese not ducks but it still seems fitting.
Hey, Brother! Appreciate what you’re doing. Put a pile of black oil sun flower seeds on Foxys picnic table. I guarantee he’ll be all over it. Take care brother.
I think you should call the geese Tom and jerry
Donald and Melania for the geese names, lol..
Bruce goose & Lucy goosey should be the pairs names
You should name the new geese, “goose” and “maverick” from top gun
I don't think your bat house or your owl box is high enough off the ground. You may want to look into that and readjust if necessary.
How big is Moby now??
The geese are Canada geese, aka "the only mean Canadians", I'm not sure for individual names but if a flock gathers the "angry hosers" is fitting.
First Uncle Sam and now some Canadian Geese have showed up, becoming a North American bundle of birds haha.
its not geese its Canadian geese !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
You should name the geese Abigail and Amelia after the geese sisters from the Aristocats!
For the Geese Ken and Barbie. or Salt and Pepper.  :))))
I mean ..  It's gotta be Bob and Doug right?
if you want to attract a squirle to the table they enjoy walnuts much more than peanuts
Hey man what do you think about adding catfish
For the geese, how about Tutu (or Tucker) and Lucy after your city?
Why the heck is it neon green???
Right on man,  everything looks great.  You might have to have a pig picking barbecue...
Bonnie and Clyde it is :)
Just LOVE IT.
I've been making some soft plastics and jigs. I'd love to send u some stuff to try out and give me some feedback.
You should name the geese Marvin and Woodchuck
Cheech and Chong
I’ve enjoyed this series. It fun to see all the new wildlife. As far as names for the geese, how’s about “Lucy and Bruce”?
I think Ole & Lena are appropriate names for a couple northern birds like those Canada Geese.
Love this series. Find local good old boy who will be happy to take care of those hogs
Since geese are “protecting” ducks and others, and you have a gangster theme going why not name them after the other side of the law? The Earps. Wyatt and Josephine Earp.
Will it always be that strange color?
The two geese should be Spruce and B52.
Goose Willis and Gussy The Goose
How about Abigail and Amelia, there two geese from the aristocats
Then are Canadian geese
Micky and Minnie
Skinny dipping??
Them hogs are good table fare - Best pork you'll ever eat...!!!!!
What about for the two geese John and Clarence after the two of the people who escaped Alcatraz.
Bonnie and Clyde on the geese
You better take care of those pigs or your going to have 50 in 2 yrs
I love this series
i think when the day comes to put moby in the pond you need to put a tag on him so you can always know where he’s at
What do you do for a living 😅 all those toys camera and a pawn shit you either got lucky w Tesla or you gonna be in debt the rest of your life
I live in the PNW.  Our geese tend to keep the grass down in certain areas.  Your grass and seed planting may be too late.  Protect your trees from deer.
Thelma and Louise would be great names for the Geese.
Name one Of the geese Poe and the other Chang
Canadian Geese should definitely be named Bob and Doug McKenzie. I grew up watching Strange Brew and if you haven't seen the movie you need to give it a watch.
Barney and Thelma
Feels like you skipped a week😢
!!The Pair of geese names Could be, Should be,  Abigail and Amelia Gabble .. maybe  idk? But they're the 2 geese sisters from the Classic movie "The Aristrocrats" ..
Maple and Denim would be a cool name for the pair of geese. The pond is turning out great!
duck names: dutch & duchess
Maple and Snow would be a perfect name for Canadian geese
You should call the geese pink and floyd
The Dutch are also enjoying your pond👌 Make some Indonesian sate for the BBQ. Sate,beer and enjoy your awesome pond.
Can we have an OVERALL build cost? I think this would be AWESOME
pear trees are an invasive tree, recommend against it.
Ronald and Donald
The geese should be Bonnie and Clyde since they like Alcatraz Island!!!
I think the geese should be named maverick and mother goose from topgun
Definitely add some mosquito fish although if you don’t they will probably introduce themself but they control the mosquito population a lot and they are great food for big bluegill and small bass
I love the videos so much. Such a huge fan of all your content. I’ve seen a few owl boxes down in Florida and actually observed owls living inside on a golf course, and I saw those boxes were about twice, or three times the size of yours and had a smaller circular entrance for the owls. Not sure if this would make a difference but I am curious. They were also mounted about halfway up the trunk of a tree before they start branching out.
I think that a horse would be great for the  farm, for easy transportation around the pond
Name one geezer
Couldent help but fall in love with the geese that stay on Alcatraz island so I was thinking that they could be named after a prisoner but I really think that Chester and Cheeto fits them really nicely as they where staying together
Is the water shed for the garden flow twords the pond? Might pose a problem down the road if you're using some fertilizer in the garden.
Jack & Jill
I gave you that name also. That's the second you pick someone over me, and I gave you the answer!
Build a goose nest, that will keep the geese around until fall at keast and you will get to film the goslings
You need be sending them pigs back where they came from lol
Name the geeze after some famous prisoners in alcatraz
just notice at 2:16 there is a killdeer or maybe a snowy plover.
Edmonton and Winnipeg! Gotta go with Canadian cities for Canada geese!! (Grandad always corrected me when I was little: 'They are Canada geese, because if they were Canadian geese, they'd live in Canada!!')
Donald n Ronald  the duck bros.
Gertrude and Heathcliff from The Red Skelton show
Klod and Chloe would be good names for the geese
Donnie and Marie would be a fun name for the geese pair.
You should bury a treasure chest on Alcatraz island filled as a time capsule so one day your kids can find a map and go dig it up and find a bunch of memories or something
Fred and Ethel from I love lucy
Milo and Otis for the geese name
Forrest and Jenny for the geese can’t go wrong with Forrest Gump!!!!!
Call those Canadian hosers Bob and Doug Mackenzie! (The geese that is).  If they become a problem a series of short fences will put a stop to their ability to land. So long as they are close enough to prevent landing (four feet apart should do the trick) they'll stay off your property.
If them hogs bring a bunch of their buddies over! They will start messing things up bad!!
Also with the bat box you need to place it higher and facing south.
Geese names should be Tom and Jerry!!
A goat makes for a wonderful weed eater on your island
Yea but how much did it cost???? Inquiring minds want to know
I think you should call  them  loosey-goosey
No update on Bonnie and Clyde?
Geese jack n jill
Those two geese look like a perfect couple. Almost as perfect as Romeo and Juliet!
donald and daisy
U should add some crayfish to give the bass another type of food to eat
Seeing as the Geese are Canada Geese, you should name them Loonie and Toonie. A Loonie is a Canadian $1 coin the Toonie is the $2 coin.
What kind of bass are you putting in your pond ? I heard you talk about a hybrid of some kind . I Am building a pond an trying to decide
Bonnie and Clyde or bumble and bee or Lilo and stitch
There canada geese so Canuck and Yukon :)
you should name the ducks Ben and Jerry!
Names for the geese:  George and Gracie
Goose Willis and Feather Locklear 🤙
You should call the geese, gander and gary
Put trout in there if the water is cool enough that way the eagles or osprey don’t eat the bass
this shit fire ngl
There's a real good chance those wild hogs and others are gonna destroy a lot of your land. I would be taking those out of there as quickly as possible. There's a reason why it's always open season with no limits on taking wild hogs.......they wreak havoc wherever they are found.
Goose and Maverick should be a good name for the geese!
🔥🔥🔥 content
Sugar and Maple for the Canadian geese names!
the geese will use the island to nest
breeding crawfish for tht pond would be epic
Name the new geese George and Gracie
Huckleberry & Finn would make good names!
Name the geese hansel and gretel!
I think Jack and Diane would be good for the geese.
For the geese, go with Jim and Pam, or Dwight and Jim. Big fan of The Office. Great update of how everything is going.
I wanna actually know how big Moby is  because the video doesn’t really do the justice I think it would be pretty cool to see actually how big he is
Can’t believe you have all of the American wildlife. Deer, owl, hawk, squirrel, mice, hog, geese, fox, coyote, bald eagle, ducks, Fish!
My boys have a couple names for your Geese.....  Bronson says: Duck Duck Goose Byron Says: Goosy   Great content, keep it up!
The geese should be named Jack and Jill since they came in a pair
The cabin is coming sooner than I thought I’m excited for that! What about Gus the goose for the boy?
Any plans for protecting the garden from the Deer?
What a beautiful place.  Last year here in Australia we had a mice plague we used buckets with water, a pipe on top with a soft drink bottle over the pipe horizontally with abit of peanut butter,   and a ramp up to it.  The mice will walk up the ramp ,try for the p-nut butter then fall in the water.
Geese should be called thelma & louise
Hi, I'm in UK and I love your pond video updates.  I think the two Geese could be called Elliot & Ness as they like Alcatraz Island.
Name the Canadian Geese 'Justin' and 'trudy'
Buck & Blanche. Gotta stay with the theme.
Bonnie and Clyde for the geese pair!! 😀😀
The two geese should be named Rick and James
You should name one of the geese honker
Thing 1 and thing 2
The Wild Canadian Geese? Id call them Barb and Doug, after Bob and Doug Mckenzie.
Not sure if they are Canadian geese or not but bob and Doug McKenzie!
GEESE:    Chip & Dale
Bonnie and Clyde
You definitely need to trap those hogs they will wreck havoc on your land rooting through your fields
You may want to hang that bat box higher
The geese should be called Tom and jerry
I'd just plant some ivy or something similar on the island to reduce (or pretty much eliminate) maintenance.
A nice name for the geese could be Wanda and Cosmo. Just immediately came into my mind when I saw 2 of thrm.
Are you going to add catfish to the pond?
Named after “The Birdman of Alcatraz” : Robert Franklin Stroud Names for the geese should be Robert and Franklin
The Canada geese should be Kingston and Kuper named in reference to Canada’s Alcatraz.
Geese name Larry and Dwight
Alca and trez would be a good name for the geese
The bird which is the Bald Eagle
Name the geese Mike and Carol because they look the part of the classic black and white episodes of the Brady bunch!! Keep up the awesome pond updates!
How about Charlie and Angel
As a follower that’s been watching this series since the first episode I cannot tell you how ready I am to watch the first fish get caught out of this pond.
"Good" and "Gander" for the geese names. ;D
So what are you going to name the first AGITATOR that shows up in your pond???? 😁😁😁😁
Awesome as always. This crazy Alabama weather!   I'm in North Alabama but goodness. A few 80 degree days then 4 inches of snow in one night with temps in the 20s the next day and now back to 70s. Hopefully we are done with below freezing Temps until next January.
Name the geese Thelma & Louise
Bonnie and Clyde for the geese
Gussie and gabble for the two geese btw love the videos and can’t wait for the next one to come out
name the one that didnt like the decoy Turbo
How about George and Gracie for the geese.
I think jack and Jill would be a good name for the geese don’t you think?
I’d shoot those hogs to help out the farmers around you. I would wish them to go somewhere else to mess up their farm. Sorta messed up
i tihink the name of the 2 geese is Goldy and Goslin
You should plan an oak tree on Alcatraz island
The geese should definitely be named Max and Ruby!
Ready to see you start hunting some hogs!
Name the geese Pancho and Lefty
Gary Goosey & Honkers
Thelma and louise for the names of the gooses  lol
Since they would be protecting the ducks you should name them “Duck ,Duck goose”😂
Fun as always to watch.  You ever think of giving moby some bigger prey?  Would be cool to see him gulp down some big shads.  All in all great stuff and keep pumping out the vids.
Heckle and Jeckle.  They are not magpies but close enough!!  They are there to have fun and to cause a ruckus when they feel the need.
Danny & sandy - Geese lightning
How about naming the geese Capone and Karpis. Named after infamous inmates at Alcatraz.
Geese can be Bobby and Lonnie.  Bobby, short for Robert Stroud.  He was an inmate at Alcatraz, and known as The Birdman of Alcatraz actually.  So it's fitting.  And Lonnie.. just because it was catchy with Bobby to me.  Love the series and look forward to the updates!
My suggestion for geese is Maple and Leaf. Good name for any Canadian
Steve Goosey and Pete Goosey...
My dad and I set up a bat box 5 years ago and still no bats. They have to find it first
protector and guardian!
Loonie and toonie for the geese names
Name the geese letter and kenny
Love your pond videos. As for the names for the geese, I know it’s like naming a dog Dog, but I think Maverick and Goose would be perfect.
Did you ever figure out what that one animal was on the night cam several videos back that looked like a large weasel? I was watching some nature documentarys and it looks just like a jaguarundi. I googled if they have been found in Alabama and read that there has been sighting of them there. The shape looks just like one.
Geese names: Gussy and Golly like in Charlottes Web
How about some good Scottish names jock and tam
Guss the goose
Famous Canadian couples: Celine Dion and René Angélil
It has been quit the journey,watching you guys get this pond done.but it has been so enjoyable to watch.thanks for recording all of it so we can enjoy it too.cant wait for bass and the fruit trees to take and start producing.awesome,wholesome stuff.
Gotta name the geese pancho and lefty for Merle and buck!
Since you have Bonnie and Clyde. You need another power couple name for the Geese So I will say Herman and Lilly as in The Munsters
I’m name them Hansel and Gretel.
seeing as they're Canadian geese, let's call them Bob and Doug
Hansel and Gretel for the geese. Love your videos
Bat box should be 12’ high min.  Thanks!
Sunflowers for Ukraine
What a wonderful place you have made! Great work! If it weren't for copyright problems it would be cool to play the music from "Jaws" while feeding Moby.
Those are Canada geese, you should name them bob and Doug Mackenzie
Maple and Moose for the candian geese
Tom and Jerry for geese names
I think you should name the geese Crimson and Tide!!
Honkey and Tonk for the geese names
Was there a pumpkin patch and gardening plans?
Call the geese Fred and Ethel
The names should be Capone and bundy because they were seen on Alcatraz island (Ik that it might not match 100%)
I’m all about wildlife having their way, but hogs are one thing I would hunt aggressively. They taste great, and they are not part of this region’s  fauna. If they get really established you are not gonna like it. I’m sure you are fully aware of that!! Hahaha. The may just have to disappear.
Bonnie and Clyde for the geese
The geese should be named Bonnie and Clyde!
Geese should be called John, Clarence or Frank. Named after the three inmates that supposedly escaped Alcatraz prison.   A special kind of irony that the geese are using your Alcatraz island to escape
Looks like Canadian geese...Bob and Doug would be good names
he is masssive.
Did you dye the pond? It is so green.
This guy is living the life I have dreamed of: Open spaces, a pond, farm, cabin, woods, fresh veggies, wild life, oh my!
The deer are really going to enjoy your vegetable garden...  I'd water that nothing you plant will get over 2 inches tall.
I think the Gooses should be named Big George and Gilbert
I like the names maverick and goose for the new geese. Look forward to each new pond video!
Honk and Squoonk!!!! 🙂🦢🦢🦢🦢🎺🎺
What about naming the pair of geese Moe and Joe!   Where I grew up in Wisconsin there was a house with a huge yard on a busy intersection that had two donkeys named Moe and Joe. Probably one or two thousand people saw them everyday on their way to work and they kinda became our local celebrities.
Bro your bout the only channel I look for and look forward to see. I can watch your videos over n over. You and your family are truly blessed brother. I'm bringing my kids fishing there one day.
Geese names. Bonnie and Clyde after going to Alcatraz
Derek and Odette from the Swan Princess
Nesting geese will attack anything including people, ducks and duck decoys.
I read something before about digging square holes for trees. It helps the roots expand better creating a more sturdy base for itself or something. You might wanna look into that
Freddy and Betty
Long John and Igor like some of the geese from "Fly away home" movie.
Call them Thelma and Louise and the content of the video is wonderful 👍😎💯Also that lake came out wonderful 💯😎❤️👌👍
I think Buzz and Woody would be good names for the geese
Best name for sure is     Lucy and Goosey
Let's go with Bonnie and Clyde for the  geese  perfect partners for Owl  Capone
Maverick and Goose
Hey what’s the secret for not having a single bad video?
Really need to watch those hogs. Could easily get out of hand
Albert and Costello
You should name the geese smith & Wesson
Name the geese after top gun. Maverick and Goose.
Guss and gertrude
What do you do for a living? not included youtube.
Those hogs you have to shoot them they will tear up the files and gardens
The geese should be Splish and Splash
Geese names: Cheeto and Dorito
Gotta go with goose and gander for the two geese
Your Geese are Canada Geese. The hawks are Northern Harriers. The small blue birds are Eastern Bluebirds. They are cavity nesters and love birdhouses but the entrance size is important so House Sparrows don't kill them.
If you put a wash tub elevated on the island the geese will nest and lay eggs for a brood
Gussie and Gabby for the geese.
That long-range camera lens is amazing
Heckle and Jeckle
The Geese should be named “Loretta and Conway” That’s a perfect name!!!!!! 👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻
Bob and Doug fer the name of them 2 geese's from the Great White North ya hoser!
Maverick and Goose
Just went through a break up, honestly a new pond video dropping couldn’t make me feel better rn 🎉🎉👍
I think  Boris and Natisha  for the Geese
I been watching all your videos and they are great. Thought I would try naming your goosies :) because I'm a Canadian going with some Canuck names eh. Peggey (for the city I'm from) and Timmie (for Tim's coffee)
Ricky and Lucy
what are you going to do with moby once bonnie and clyde go into the pond? if you are planing on putting him in the back yard pond what are your ideas for the tank mobys in
You should put another perch right in front of the opening on the owl house, to see if it might encourage them to hop on in
Geese names: Maple and Mountie...since their canadian geese
How about Popye and Olive for the geese names
Thelma and Louise?
Name them Joe and Don please. 🙏😂
Are you concerned with fertilizer getting into the pond and killing ur fish? Ground water?
You should name the geese ansel and armando because ansel means a protector in hebrew and armando means soldier in french. With these names, they will be able to protect the whole pond
Bonnie and Clyde
Those pigs will not leave your crops alone with the amount of food that is being put out there.
Should build a nesting pole 40' tall for the eagle see if they will nest there.
For the geese, IDK why, but I have to go with Bert and Ernie 🤣
Alpha and beta because you’re going to have a lot more geese where they’ve came from!
James (Pond) and Gabbie. Your pond is looking amazing, I look forward to your updates so much, thank you.
Are you gonna put in aquatic plants
I'm not sayin' you should have a hog roast... No, wait a minute, I am definitely sayin' you should have a hog roast.
Tom and Jerry for the geese names
Since those geese love hanging out on Alcatraz, you should name them John Paul and Scott, after the only prisoner who was able to escape Alcatraz and make it to shore on the other side
Geese Ausbie and Goose Tatum were two of the most famous Harlem Globetrotters and would be great names for your new feathered pond squatters.
Geese name. Roll and Tide
Geese should be Ryan Goosling and Eva Mendes
Name the geese Coy and Kelly, short for Bernard Coy and George Kelly (aka Machine Gun Kelly). They both served time in Alcatraz.
How many acres do you own??
Name the Geese Thelma and Louise
Your going to have a land full of geese poop 💩
Gus and Grace the geese
George and Gretta for names of the geese
You need to put some bat droppings on the ground under the house and a little in it. Find a bat house that has bats droppings on the ground and use them. It will bring them in.
Great video. You may as well plan on fencing in the vegetable garden. With all of the deer, hogs and coyotes you have they will clear it out and leave you little to nothing.
Name the geese - bugs and lola
I’m pretty sure you almost made pico de galló
Lucy Goosey and Bruce Goose
I’m from South Texas…surprised I haven’t seen any comments about the hogs…  Gotta get rid of them ASAP.
Bert & Ernie for the geese!
This is the best subscription I have on my feed. Absolutely living the dream and I’m just grateful to get to follow it.
Maple & Gretzky for the Canadian Geese
Bonnie and clide
the geese should be named mr and mrs waddles
Hank and Honk for the geese
I agree with John Dunham about putting up fencing around fruit trees and that garden.  U have so many deer, rabbits and coons.   In my experience rabbits esp. rabbits in the winter like to eat the bark off of fruit trees until they get to a certain size.  And deer eating branchs and fruit.  And the garden beans, tomatoes, sweet potatoes, all pepper plants are things rabbits and deer will eat and some they will eat until they get to a certain size and some they will eat no matter the size.    Onions, if u plant sets bird will pull some up every day until they get rooted.  And if u want them to do their best size wise u do not bury then u just bearly put the bottom part in the dirt so it can stand.   U will get much larger onions that way. And well u know about the pigs if they do not leave what needs to be done.
the two geese:  Absotively and Posilutely.
I would name the geese Wayne and Celine (like Wayne Gretzky and Celine Dion)
Maverick and Goose or Iceman to compliment Uncle Sam.
Nothing like a good pig roast near that pond. Sounds delicious.
My day is always made when I see a BamaBass video released!
Geezer or geeser is what you should name the geese
You guys should make a calendar with all the cool pics you guys get
Laurel and Hardy
Backyard pond update please!!!!!
The names for the geese should be general and gus
Lets hope the geese dont decide to nest on the island
i think you should name the geese lucy and bruce
Name the geese Ying and Yang
Foxxyy !!! <3
You should plant some wildflowers and raise some honey bees while you at it!
"Polly & Molly" For the Geese
Go classic with the geese names, John and Marcia
Abigail  and Amelia from Aristicats  on Disney. For the geese
I'd love to watch you build out the garden as well.
The geese should be Maple (Female) and Leif (Male) for their Canadian origin. Love the videos! Thanks so much for the amazing entertainment!
Ricki and Lucy for the Canadian Geese.
How bout honky and tonk for the geese.
these days plant a garden not grass
Luv y’all content..y’all can name the geese Hansel and Gretel.
Name the two Canada Geese Tim and Horton (after the Canadian coffee restaruant)
Geese? you mean cobra chicken lol
Canadian geese = Maple and Mounty
Bonnie and Clyde for the geese seems to be fitting
I think your supposed to put a bat box up 20ft high and face north
Probably going to have to shoot those hogs. On the upside, you get a pork BBQ.
They're Canadian geese so Randy and Lahey seem appropriate from trailer park boys
Name the geese Honk and Tonk. Honky Tonk for short. 🤠
Name the geese beauty and beast. The one thinks he's a beast anyhow
Geese names: Long John and Francis !
How about Wawa, and Winnipeg. Since they are Canadian!
Name the geese Johnny and June
Name the two geese whatever the two geese from Aristocats was. There were two geese in that movie but I can’t remember their names
I hope you end up having an abundance of bacon soon.
I think the Lucy and Ricky (I Love Lucy reference) as when you see geese it's usually their life mate. Love the series have been watching since the first episode  of the series, thanks for the great content.
Alberta  and Edward after two Canadian provinces! My 4 and 3 year old will be just old enough to fish when the pond is ready!
Geese names Bonnie and Clyde!!!!
what the heck. i had Uncle Sam a day before namdog
Hello,Name the Geese, Goose and Maverick.
ying and yang for the geese
Gary and Gertrude the Geese
Name them hall & oates 😄
I say, name the geese Thelma and Louise. Love the series though! Been a great time following along from the beginning. Can't wait for future videos
Geese are great for ducks! Glad two showed up.. if you can find a swan its game over.
Enjoying the series..Willie and waylon for the geese.
Or you can name them Frank Hamer and Manny Gault or The Texas Rangers since they caught Bonny and Clyde.
i keep forgetting to not watch these videos past supper. yall got me hungry looking at that bomb looking dip, and that juicy steak.
What an intro!
Johnny susie
Name for the geese Canuck,  hub
Glad to see even more of the pond coming along! If you haven't named your Hawk that was in the rain, I'd name her Harriet, as she's a female Northern Harrier!
Toonie and Loonie, Loving the series.
Johnny & June Carter for the geese!
Goose names - Donald and IvHONKa
You need to turn them into bacon before they tear of her garden, 👍🏻🇨🇱
Goose and Maverick (Top Gun) would be fitting names for the Geese. Great videos.
This guy is living a real life Pond Tycoon game.   *New Visitors!?* You’ve had two Geese take a liking to your island would you…  A)  Leave then alone and name them  B)  Chase them away  *selects A*
Jack and Jill for the two geese
I feel like it would be cool to see more of the pond feeding.
For the geese what about Bob and Doug, from the old Mackenzie brothers on SCTV; classic Canadian comedy duo for a couple Canadian Geese?
For the geese? Goose & Maverick
Great Series. My wife saw me watching your 300 Gallon videos and said I should get a fish tank.  I found a free 110 Gallon tank and cleaned it up. I live in Palm Desert and our lakes have fish and a fishing club.  I put the local Bluegill and minnows in the tank and ordered Bass on line.  I have two bass that are similar to Moby.  At this point they are 4in long and eat the minnows everyday and the Bluegill which are 1 - 11/2 in long.   The other day they ate 5 minnows each and I put some new Bluegill and they started eating them also.  Their stomachs were huge. My question is can the Bass over eat?
Just call the geese pair the Crimson Canadians
I think the bat houses need to be mounted a lot higher off the ground. At least the ones I have seen are over 15’ off the ground.
Jack and Jill
Frank and Clarence. Named after Frank Morris and Clarence Anglin, two famous Alcatraz inmates who escaped.  Frank was played by Clint Eastwood in the movie Escape From Alcatraz and Clarence was played by Jack Thibeau. You could also name them Clint and Jack.
Very Cool Video!
Happy about the trees and everything, property is the best asset
Maybe name the geese: Maverick and goose because of top gun.
Name the geese Fred and Wilma. Just found your videos yesterday and binge watched the whole pond build! Love your videos! 👍👍
With all them bluebirds around your should put up a bluebird house or two up. Bluebirds do not mind human interaction, so it would be good to video them.
LOOOOOVE your videos ...1  thing tho Sir,  the bat house MUST face the east & be above 12 ft height...best to mount on a tree.  TY  & God bless
Amazing progress.  I am so looking forward to seeing you dangle some frogs!
I don’t know about the geese, but the hawks should be named Ethan Hawke and Tony Hawk.
How about Barney and Thelma Lou? Alcatraz needs a guard and there's none better than Barney Fife LOL! BTW you may want to put a cone on the owl house to keep snakes out.
Since they’re Canada geese call one Maple and the other Canuck.
Are you gonna put that bass in the pond that you feed in the end of your videos? Does he ever stop eating if he gets full? Looks like he just destroys everything he sees.
Geese 1 and geese 2 or thing 1 and thing 2
Goose & Maverick for the geese names.
Bonnie and Clyde for the geese name
Terrance and Philip for the geese
The bat box needs to be higher, maybe the tree would work best. also I’d suggest putting up more then one
Love these videos
Name the geese Bonnie and Clyde
terry and larry for the geese?
Batbox is best facing north and in a tree so the summer sun does not bake the bats
I'm told that in AL there is no season or limit on feral hogs. If true, you don't have to hope those piggies move on; you can invite them to dinner. 😉
Honker & Harriet Goose!!!
Igor from fly away home in 1996 and then Goosey Lucy from Chicken Little
Call the geese Bonnie and Clyde
What a wonderful philosophy you have for your land. I can’t wait to see it in a couple of years.
Goose names: "Gander" and "Mountain"
Trap the hogs for dinner, before they have  kids
Dilbert and Girdy for the geese! I look forward to your vids every two weeks!
Incredibly beautiful property you’ve built. Just imagine it once the trees have grown up! Thanks for the channel and wonderful content!
Ooo you have to name those geese “Jack and Jill”
Wayne and Garth would be an awesome name for the geese. Living the pond videos, been checking every day this past week for an update video. 👍
Geese couple: Boris and Natasha
Pond is looking amazing. Could name the geese Lucy and Goosey. Honk Solo and James Pond. Puddles and Waddles. Thanks
So beautiful 👍
Two names for the geese are Frick & Frack.
Thanks for taking us all along on this journey w you. Been an absolute pleasure watching the pond and the rest of the farm take shape!
I think one of the Ducks names should be quacker
The geese could be named Peggy and Betty
I've never viewed this as a conservation project, but that is what it is.  Creating an environment in which wildlife can thrive.
Wyatt and Josephine for the geese. As in the Earps.
Gandolf and Gerty for the geese Caylee's pick, and Gavin's going with Bonnie and Clyde
When are you going to put up a purple Martin box? They roost in colonies and like to be in open spaces but not too far from buildings
You should add a goose nest on the pond. People build them out of old washer drum. It needs to be over the water!
Geese names: Maverick and Goose from Top Gun
Dude the first thought about the geese was Heathcliff and Gertrude.     Love your videos.
I've had some real good summer sausage made with those Wild Hogs LOL
Name the geese Salt and Pepper because of the colors
They recommend putting the Bat Box 10 to 15 feet high. It might take a year or two for them to start using it.     I enjoy watching your progress and look forward to many years of your video. Thank You!
You can call the geese : Waddles and Squeaky/Squeakers :)
Gary and Gus Goose!
The geese crap will absolutely destroy the grass or anything else you plant.
I've been putting off watching these videos so that I can binge all of them on a rainy day. Today was the day, consider me inspired!
You should name the geese North and South since usually people think geese come from up north in Canada but those two are down here in the south
Henry and Emma because that was Bonnie and clydes parents names and I imagine it’s a mal e and female so I did bonnies mom and clydes dad and we had four wood ducks at our pond and 5 geese and the geese and ducks hung out together
if the wild hogs don't leave and you have hunting license and pig tag and pig is in season I'd say you can invite some buddies over and hunt the pigs and have a nice bbq
Potential Goose names:  Edith & Archie, Ricky & Lucy, or Homer & Marge! 🙂
Geese name should be dumb and dumper since there’s 2
You gotta name the geese Honky & Tonk. Can't wait to see some big bass in that pond!
Bonnie and Clyde
Wyatt and Maddie the geese
So cool
Donny and Marie!  These videos are so nice and relaxing.
The 2 Canadian Geese should be called Bob and Doug (Mackenzie) 2 iconic Canadian dudes 👍🏼
NAMES FOR THE GEESE......LUCY  AND BRUCE
your videos are 100% the BEST part of sundays..thank you
Pack rats actually eat the wiring plastic
i think tom and jerry would be a good name for the geese. love the vids!
One of us has it made, and it ain’t me!
Some name suggestions for the Canada Geese are Looney and Twooney. They are the names for our Canadian $1 dollar and our $2 dollar coins.
I know you already have minnows and sunfish in the pond, are you considering putting in a few crawfish in so the bass will have a larger variety of food to choose from? I’ve found that ponds and lakes with crawfish normally have very healthy bass but idk if they could potentially bring in viruses or bad bacteria 🤔
Thelma and louise for the geese
I'm excited to see the bass go in and grow!
paint your bat box black,they need the heat
Sally and Bob, I think are good names for the geese
Two geese ( Harold and Kumar )
I wish you luck with your garden those deer are going to love it. lol
Took you long to upload another video but thanks
The hawk drying out after the rainstorm is a northern Harrier.  They love to hunt field mice.  They usually fly low and slow over open fields as they hunt and have a pretty unstable looking flight sometimes in doing so.  They will often hover in place especially if there is a good wind.  Their face viewed from the front looks a lot like an owl.  Pretty neat birds.  If they stick around you could name them Harry and Sally.  The one in the video is a female.
Names for geese: Maverick and Iceman
I think you should name them immanuel and Cara Lee, fits good with the Bonnie and Clyde criminal couples. Can’t wait to see Bonnie and Clyde go into the new pond
Love the way the pond has been coming along , its gonna be a lunker haven as it evolves, the canadian Geese are real nice to have around, and since they like to protect the ducks and are territorial they are like air force  might be fitting to name them "Maverick and Goose" thats what came to mind , thank you again for sharing your journey of the Bass pond. Great video I know its quite a bit of work to edit all these videos so thank you for the hard work on top of your hard work on the ranch.
If it’s boys Clive and Rock  and if girls June and Louise
Spruce Goose and Goose Neck
Ducks graze & will eat grass, so you may not have to mow the island regardless of what grass you grow.
Has it been 2 months since the leak fix already?
Call the geese Sonny & Cher
When you move that bat box to a better location, you can put a bluebird nest box on the post. Bluebirds will eat lots of flying insects, caterpillars, grasshoppers, etc. They are starting to choose nest sites right now early March where I am.
Two geese names: Looney and Tooney
Arlo Guthrie for the geese name
You should put a lookout tower by the pond
Bonnie & Clyde for the geese..Since they are hanging out on Alcatraz Island
add a lsu section to the pond 🐯😊
Geese:  Sonny & Cher
It would be cool to name the two  geese Capone and Bailey from Alcatraz.
A mating pair of Canadian Geese, if they establish they will be returning every year, they ducks know to keep close. The downside, between the hawk, owls and eagle the goslings will be fair game.  The hogs should be removed, they will be more trouble than they are worth.  Keep up the great work the your effort has come a long way.
The two Geese should be name...Hensel an Gretel 😌
Gus and Abagail..... Disney characters if i remember correctly
those razorbacks will wreak havoc on your gardens
Those geese will probably lay eggs on the island, may watch out with sprinkling on the island. It's time for them to start laying eggs. Please watch them.
Peanut and jelly
Name the geese Ying and Yang!!!! Like the symbol!!!!👍
For your Geese, What about Bonnie and Clyde they were the kind of couple looking out for the little guy in their own way. Beating back on those who took advantage of the less defenseless.
The geese will NOT protect the ducks!  Please dont release those domestic ducks on a wild pond!  Your ducks are not “mallards” like the flying wild ones we see.  They look similar but they are  likely Rouens that are domestic and cant fly!
Whitey(gender neutral) and Machine Gun Kelly (gender neutral) for the one that was heated coming in.  Both Whitey Bulger and Machine Gun Kelly prisoners of Alcatraz.
Geese should be named Ben and Jerry, assuming one is female Ben and Sherry
You should name the geese “nick and bear” 🤷🏻‍♂️
You should make the geese name Sam and Sally. Sounds like a great name to me. Loving the vids and updates.
Chase and Gander for the geese! After wild goose CHASE and what’s good for the goose is good for the GANDER
Name the geese Laquisha and Shaniqua.
New to your channel. What’s your source of income? You seem to always be buying something new in every video. Thanks!
Liam geeson and fowl Pacino
the bats in the bat house should be the addams family
The geese could be Conway and Loretta!
Geese are very territorial - especially a mated pair so they will try to chase away even decoys that are too close. For as long as they choose to stick around, how about naming them *Hem & Haw* for him and her?
Laverne and Shirley!!
geese eat grass
The water looks green.
Geese - Edna and Wilbur
Love your ideas and your terrific videos! The geese names could be:  "Lucy and Goosy"(For loose as a goose)! ;)
Geese Fred & Ethel Mertz or Ricky & Lucy Ricardo
Definitely get rid of those hogs asap
Hey mate, thanks for sharing this.  I have one question only. At first I though that the guitar intro was one of the songs of the anime Trigun "Never Could have been Worse", but quickly I noticed that I was wrong. May I ask you which song is it?
You will need to harvest those hogs and probly a few dozen more if they find a good food source.
I have withdrawal symptoms when you go a week without posting. Enjoy so much.
The geese are Tom & Jerry
Since they are Canadian geese how about Dan and Donna. Dan Aykroyd and Donna Dixon movie Stars from Canada.
Geese names:  Sonny & Cher. Love the videos.
Bonnie and Clyde for the geese names.
geese names, maybe rocky and bullwinkle ? lol
Them pigs 🐖 should be invited to next barbecue
You should tag Moby before you put him in the pond, and see if he is still aggressive when he hits your baits
Hansel and Gretel for the geese names!
You should name the geese Cindy and Bobby.
Maybe you get 5,000 crawfish and the the geese should be name jack and Jill
Maybe name the geese Alex and Eddie. (The Van Halen brothers)
Bonnie and Clyde for the geese
BamaBass - Will you tell us how much all of this has cost to build?
They are canadian geese so i say Maple and Syrup!
Bob and Doug for the geese since they're Canada Geese and are generally hosers!
Goose and Maverick for the geese!
Geese name ideas: Periscope & Sarascope! or Periscope and Larryscope? Larry Bird and Mary Bird?
How about naming the Geese Ralph and Alice after the Honeymooners show with Jackie Gleason and Audrey Meadows.
Mark and Bertha for the geese
Should name the geese to m and Jerry
Liberty and Justice
I can't wait to see what this looks like in 5-7 years!
Names for the Geese: Charlie and Candida
Name the two geese Lucy and Goosey.
Name them Robert and Stroud for the “bird man of Alcatraz”
If one of the geese is a female you could name it Calypso
i've heard the intro song many times but i don't actually know what it is. name?
The geese should be called rocky and bullwinkle ..lol
Call the Geese Bob and Doug Mckenzie ! They were a comedy group in Canada with Rick Moranis and Dave Thomas on SCTV back in the 80's
bill and ben ,
Love ur pond been watching fron the beginning. It's beautiful Lori Craig
I said Sam as well, *edit looks like atleast 4 of us had the same good idea looking through the other comments
You can name those two goose as Peanut & Butter 😀
Geese, Romeo and Juliet
dig this series !!!
Hansel and Greta for the Geese
Robert and Stroud
Geese names Harry and sally 😁 love these videos
Crawfish, put 5,000 crawfish in there. It is a good Bass forage and will provide for relief on the other forage in the pond. Bass eat A LOT!!
the geese should be named Gary and Gabby
My uncle dug a 3 or so acre lake in Ohio. Geese showed up one day and stayed for years and years. They were nice to have around. They poop A LOT though.
Being able to watch yours from field to pond makes your videos different than all the "stocking my backyard pond" videos. Can't get enough
Geese “thing 1 and thing 2”
Bonnie and Clyde
You should name the 2 geese: Starsky and Hutch
Goostave & Gabble 🤩
Geese name suggestion.  "Butch and Sundance"
Enjoy the channel. I’ve been a viewer since your pond build in your backyard. I think you should name the two geese Andy Griffith and Barney Fife from the Andy Griffith Show.
Will Moby go to the pond ?
Sweet  video  the  pond  is looking  great...Two names  for  geese  James Pond and Goldie Honker...
Salt and pepper would be a good name for the geese
Name the geese Hansel and Gretel
You should name the two Geese Leo and Stich after the old Disney movie. Awesome work on the pond, and you are a huge inspiration to me. I have a fishing YouTube channel I started called Hudson's Fishing Adventures
Following this project with great interest. A lot of animalshots that gives you a pretty good idea of all the critters that benefits from a pond like this, good job! A little tip about the bat house, the front (no ribs inside for the bats) should be hedding west, the back (with the ribs inside that bats hang on) should be east. I learned from an old pro thats how the bats like it, and the houses i´ve had, were more than twice the amount of tennents in if you followed this simple rule.
I love your pond! I've watched every episode and as for names for the goose/geese I was thinking Norman and Ethel 🦢🦆🦅
Canadian geese are an absolute nuisance. It starts with 2 and the next thing you know you have 100
Name the geese “ maple “ and “syrup” get it Canadian aha we have so many of those geese here
Name for geese Bonnie and Clyde
Name the geese Tom and Jerry!!
Maybe the two can name Jim and kim
how about a 6-10-foot-high mound of clean sand for tonka truck construction.......or other kool trucking, digging, earth moving challenging new tech and old tech. never know when things will change, and old school will rule
You need to be carefull using that tiller on the hard soil. If you don't plow it first it is really hard on your tiller
Being Canadian geese, can you please name them "Glorious" and "Free"!
Dale and brenan from step brothers🤣
Seeing as they are Canadian geese I think a classic Canadian Duo is Bob and Doug McKenzie. But as they are almost certainly a male and female pair. Call one Bob or Doug if you prefer and the other Mckenzie. Either that or call one Moose and the other Hoser.
I think Romeo and Juliet would be great names for the geese seeing as they usually mate for life. The pond has come together very well can’t wait til I’m able to build one myself.
I know it's awhile off,  but will you tag Moby before release?  Or maybe use a digital tracking tag before release to see where he is making home in the pond?  I thought that would be interesting.  Thanks for the videos
Spring time has arrived? Geez you’re lucky I still have 3 1/2 feet of snow outside my window and 12 foot no piles everywhere if not bigger
Goostaf gander and Lucy Goosie love watching the build and all to this point thanks for sharing. God bless be safe until next time
How much did this pond build end up costing with everything that you have done?
Name the geese jack and Jill
👍🏻
Name the 2 geese jack and jill. No clue on the gender but why not
Thats NOT a pond !! Its a LAKE MAN!!!!
It would be extremely awesome if you planted a Weeping Willow on the island
Name the geese thing one and thing teo
Name the geese, Ron Swanson and Leslie Knope after the TV show  Parks & Recreation.
You should put a mirror out there and put a game camera next to it. Sometimes it gets them excited and makes for good footage
Those geese will also help combat the crawdads or crawfish problem
How are you going to keep the dear out of your garden
I think the geese should be named Pancho and Lefty, since you have Bonnie and Clyde.
Crawfish boil? When are you going to put crawdads in the pond?
They will destroy your wives garden .
Dale and brennen for the geese name
Your wife needs to check out the garden builder app on Mother Earth news website. It does everything she has done on that paper. Garden size. When tonplant when to harvest all that stuff. It's a very handy app.
Fencing around the garden also. Makes for a wonderful salad bar for deer
I'll use the name again. If you want the geese to protect the ducks call one of them the warden
The geeses names should be cleetus and boss (in my opinion)
So if it’s your own pond do you still need a fishing license?
What about you put like a gar in there or a fish that you would find locally that loves to hunt to see more action in the pond in the summer?
Yin and Yang for the Geese!
Or, since they are “Canadian” geese, call them Chesterfield and Poutine.
Geese names: Ike and Tina
Thelma, and Louise for the geese.
Mix the two in the feeders.
name the geese Mr and Mrs Howard from Gilligan's Island
The geese could be Popeye & Olive Oil!
I think you should name the geese 'bob and doug' since they are canadian geese. If you're sticking with your american theme, I'd call them 'honkey and tonk'
Since it’s probably a mating pair of geese, Gander and Dame might be good names for them.
You have amazing  beautiful land dude. Gotta be just plain awesome to be out there around nature and the fresh country air.....nothing better.
You need to shoot them an eat the
Nice video you said spring is finally here we had 5in of snow yesterday in Tn
Jack and Diane for the geese.
I don't think your bat box is high enough.
My husband says the Canadian geese should be named Frank and Morris after Frank Morris who escaped from Alcatraz and was never found.
cool looking good
Man the variety of wildlife by the pond is awesome
I'd call those geese burt and Erny
The owl will nest if u make the box 7m off the ground Thay will feel more safe an thay will start nesting
Cause they're canadian geese call them Bob and Doug Mckenzie
Name the Canadian Geese “Bob and Doug McKenzie” !
Found this channel just a few weeks ago, and I love watching it in the evenings to relax after a long day. Beautiful scenery with some stunning animal shots.   I'm thinking John and Clarence for the geese, like (brothers) John and Clarence Anglin that escaped Alcatraz Island in the 1960's.
Moby is an absolute UNIT!!
Love these videos. Thanks for sharing this great adventure with all of us. For the geese how about Bo and Luke ? ( if there males lol ) also for the bat house I think I read that they need to be 15 feet or more off the ground. Bats like it high because they can’t take flight from the ground.
Laurel and Hardy names for the geese
Name the geese Bobby and Whitney
I think a good name for the geese should be "Thelma and Louise The Geese"
name the geese can & ada.... seeing as they are Canadian geese
Name the geese Fred and Wilma  Thanks for the videos!   Joe
You are given your children a great start in life and setting them up for a wonderful lifetime of enjoyment, God Bless you for all your hard work and you seem to enjoy it too !!!!
I may have missed it and someone has probably already asked but who produced the pond sealer?
The geese should be named Bert and Ernie
Geese names.....Loosey and Goosey.
Goose names, Brucey and Lucy Or cobra chicken 1 and 2
Why is the water so milky.
Hey man, just a heads up that you’ve got to put that bat box 25-30 feet up.
Kind of look like Canadian Geese, as a Canadian I think you should name them Bob and Doug Mackenzie.
Jack and Jill, name for the two geese
Canadian Geese - loonie and toonie. These are nicknames we have up here for our $1 and $2 coins. Love watching up here in Ontario!
Name the two new geese or ducks heckle and jeckle
These gas prices huh
Geese names...George and Gracie...
Hoping you kill those hogs before they propagate.
Name the geese Mork and Mindy
Uh, you need to get a permit to remove any eggs those Canada Geese lay. If you don’t, you are going to have a huge problem in just a few short years.
flotsam and jetsam
I think the geese should be called abigale and Amelia, like the Aristacats movie
I think a good name for the geese are Can , and Ada , because they are Canadian geese 👍🏻
Gary and Gladus Goose would be wonderful names.
Just a little info on the bat box. They should be mounted at least 10 feet high because bats need room to not only enter but more importantly to drop down out of it as they leave since the roost upside down. It can be mounted on a tree but just make sure the box isn't obstructed by branches or anything.
Name the hogs joe and biden and give them a big dose of lead to the dome.
Name the geese John and Jules after the pulp fiction characters. Two “protectors” lol
Spruce goose.   And partner?
name the geese bear bryant and nick saban! roll tide
Suggestion: name the Canada geese Tom and Gerry.
Hoping the Geese Stay! I think "Lady" and "The Tramp or (Mr.Tramp)" would be a fitting name for those Goofy Geese. Can't wait so see that mischief they get into!
i put a 'science experiment' in a jar 'viva la kiev'
Been watching you guys forever, can’t wait for the first dangling frog catch out of the pond 🥂
I think Adam and Eve or if guy and guy Adam and Steve 😂 also just started fished and I only caught a few blue gill so definitely gonna make memories for people
Those are Canadian Geese. So I think a fitting name is to name them after Don Cherry. Legendary hockey legend. So name one goose don and the other goose cherry
The geese should be called Bob and Doug after Bob and Doug Mckenzie, 2 canadian legends
Gussie and Golly for the geese
Pat looks like chase elliot
Jack & Dianne for the geese!!! Love the channel!
Bat box needs to be higher off the ground…doubt any use it being that close to the ground.
Names for the geese..Lucy and Ricky
What kind of filtration do you use for moby?
If adding normal bass add some peacock bass too please and some other big fish
Hello, you make the best videos and everything is looking outstanding!!!! I wanted to know are you going to add turtles and frogs to your pond? And could you do a video on that? Thanks
Maybe name the wild geese "Lois and Clark"
Name the geese peanut and jelly...
Huey and Dewey
Hogs could be bad news on a farm
Name the geese Donald and daisy :)
Those ferral hogs will be back with others to wreck you pond area. Please be aware of their activities.
Bonnie and Clyde
Karen and dale should be the geese names.
I suggest to get bees for you farm.. free honey and polination.....
The intro music makes me feel like I'm watching the longest yard lol
Name them Frank and Maney or use their last names Manner and Gault seeing that Frank was the one who took bonnie and clyde out with Maney being his partner
If i won lotto i would copy dream homestead
Been watching since the beginning. Fantastic series! I think the geese would be happy with the names of “Stars and Stripes”. Thank you for the great videos.
Love watching the progress on the pond. I like the names Amelia and Charles for the geese.  As in Amelia Earhart and Charles Lindbergh. Keep up the great videos. Thanks
You should look into no-till farming. It’s better for the soil and ultimately the crop.
I would name the geese Johnny and June.
Goose and Maverick for the geese.
Looks like we might get to watch a hog cookout. That would be a great video/time for when you can finally stock bass in the pond.
Geese... Bonnie and Clyde.
You could name the Geese Stan and Ollie
Spruce and Goose;)
Thinking of names for a pair. How about Thelma and Louise for the geese.
Definitely name them geese Johnny and June
Fred/Wilma would be a perfect name for the geese
Love this series, smoky and the bandit would be a fun name for the geese
Do you plan on stocking crawfish in the pond?
Gary and Gilbert the Geese😎
Lawn soul.. haha
I know you’re a busy guy but you could make these half an hour-hour long and I’d watch the whole thing
are there any updates about the backyard pond? wanna see how bonnie and clyde are doing
If they are staying on Alcatraz they gotta be criminals like Bonnie an Clyde.
Need you some bluebird houses out if you haven't got them.
You should name the Canada geese either, Oot and Aboot  or Maple and Syrup! If it was just one I would insist on Goosetavo
Beau and Luke for the geese
Names for the geese.  Harry & Sally
Love the pond and the wildlife very  Beautiful. Great name for the geese would be Bonnie and Clyde.
The geese should be called “Stars and Stripes. Love this series!
How about Fred and Wilma for the geese names?!
I'd say for the geese Maple and Horton would be good ones. Maple for obvious reasons and Horton since they have a coffee chain called Tim Horton's up to the north
Looking good my friend. Looking forward to the bass drop in the pond .
I’m so obsessed with this build, the algorithm blessed me with one of your older videos and I’ve been binge watching since. 🔥🔥
Bonnie and Clyde
call the geese meadea and jason. read up on the story.
Is mobi bigger then the other 2 ??
As an amateur astronomer, I love the time-lapse shots that include the stars moving across the sky.  Your pond is a great place to set up a scope and enjoy watching the heavens. Love this series!
How much does Mobe weigh
My name for the geese are major and princess, protectors of ducks😊
You should name the Geese Raven and Blaze  the Cobra Chicken's!!
You can't imagine my excitement when I see another 5 acre pond update video pop up on my feed!!! 👏👏👏😃😃😃 They are by far the best videos on YouTube!!! The night shots of the owl house with the stars in the background are spectacular!!! 😍😍😍 So glad to see the geese coming by, I'd call em Gibs n Gabs. Bat box excellent idia!!
I think the geese should be named Ginny and Gus!!
"The best is yet to come!"
I think Greta and Chuckles would be a great pair of names for the geese! Especially Greta 👍
This is amazing!
Terry and Jerry for the geese
that last shot looks great!
Duke and Duchess , would be nice names for the geese that showed up and decided to stay. 🦆🦆
Name them Thunder and Storm
Name them George and Lenny after the two main characters from Of Mice and Men. Maybe the reference will stoke some viewers interest in doing some classic reading.
The geese should be named Lynyrd and skynyrd
Naming of Hawke Uncle Sam how lame
Bam bam & pebbles
Your hogs should meet Mr.Browning .
The think Petunia from the book "Petunia" and Roger (the author) would be fun names for the geese.
Hansel and Gretel
Your bat-box is way to close to the ground. You might want to google that, bats don’t fly like birds do…
Boone and Crocket for the geese? a tribute to the deer that hang around that you have yet to let us name!
Love these videos...here's a couple names for your new geese...Heckyl and Jeckyl.  Can't wait to see you catch a fish out of it.
Sid and Nancy for the geese 😀
Quack and splash for the geese! Ponds looking great!!
When are we doing the video with the full collar. You said when it’s done and……..it’s done lol
Henry and Cumie for the geese. They where Clydes parents.
Name the geese Maple and Mountie
The geese should be named Fred and wilma
Im gonna say them two geese even tho they arent ducks she be named donald and daisy. Since you have just created your own disneyland.  Love it my man.  Beautiful
You should name the geese abagail and Amelia from aristocrats
You should definitely name them top gun and Maverick because goose in the movie
Name for the Geese. Jack and Jill.
Jack and Diane :-) for the geese name :-)
You could set up a stick with tape every 4 inches and put it on one of the perches to get an idea of how big the owls are
Thing One an Thing Two would be great names for the geese
You should name the geese Vicky and Vance it’s a good duo name
Honk and Tonk.
You should name the geese and other new birds after southern states for the geese I’d say Mississippi and Luisiana
I think Hensel and Gretel fit those two geese perfectly
Pecker and wrecker or Justin and Tradeau. In the Hope's for geese season you won't feel bad if they don't come back.
You should name the geese beauty and the beast
Man I would have some 1lb test and some size 12 fly hooks and already catching some micro fish.
One of the wild geese could be called "The Goosefather"
If there are some more geese that come in you should name it the Alcatraz pack
Nice bluebirds.  You should put up several smaller houses on posts for them.
Hay man I have a question for you
Lucy goosey and the incredible honk
Ypu should back fill your trees with actived bio char, it's organic miracle grow, your trees will grow faster
Robert and Sally, because it makes no since
Name the geese after Golly and Gussy(Gus for short) from Charlotte’s Web.
Gertrude & Ginny
Name the Geese "Cesar & Cleopatra".
George and Harriet for the two geese. I love watching the videos, it's so relaxing and fills me with a sense of joy. Keep it up brother.
The geese, Romeo and Juliet
The Geese could be called Canadian and Content.
Donnie and Marie for the geese. Osmond power siblings.
Honker,  goosetav, or machine goose kelly(for alkatraz island)
Definitely need to name the geese George and Gracie, after George Burns and his wife who were married forever!  Pays tribute to longevity.
Gotta name for those two Canadian geese….Alberta and Sas ( for Saskatchewan)! :-)
Frank and Morris for the geese, after the famous Alcatraz inmate.
Tom and Jerry for the geese
Snickers and Oreo are great names!!
The geese could be named Lucy and Goosey. 😂
As a Canadian could you name one of the Canadian Geese Terry after Terry Fox please?? the man is a legend and it would be a nice honour
Bonnie n Clyde
Lucy goosey and juicy goosey
Need to get rid of the pigs now or you will be sorry
Geese name: Abbot and Costello!
Great video, thanks!!
Is there some kind of fencing going up around the garden . Looks like a feeding ground for the deer . Jack and Jill for the geese . As someone else said these geese are territorial and might have a problem with the ducks . I have  been following you for some time now and really do appreciate what you do for your viewers .... Keep up the good work . Thanks ...
These videos are so entertaining
I think  Waddles and oreo would be good names!
Are you going to tag the big fish when you put them in?
U should name the guess commander and corporate because they protect the ducks and because of Uncle Sam
You should beams the honkers Rocky and Bullwinkle seems fitting
Billy and Joel
if you dont deal with those pigs, they're going to tear that garden up once it starts growing
Name the geese "Untitled goose 1" and "Untitled goose 2" after the untitled goose game.
My uncle has a barn and in our free time we go into the barn with red rider bb guns and shoot all if the mice.
You should name the geese click and clack
Romeo and Juliet
bonnie and clyde for the geese
I think that sonny for the male and cher for the female would be a fitting name for the breeding pair of geese
We all love when these videos go up lbvs
Goose and Maverick for the geese! Lol
I think the owl box might be a bit small, should try something open top. Also along the tree line if possible!
Still sayen Bonnie Clyde and mobie need tags before going in the pond
You should put your bat box about 20 feet up
I think good names for the Geese would be Henry and Orville
Since they are Canadian geese one of them should be named Cunuck.
I gotta hand it to your wife, hats off to her. That garden plan is easy to follow.
I like Lois & Clark for the geese
Name the geese “eh?”and “oy?”
You should name the geese rabble and babble
What about the wildlife getting in y'all veggie garden?
@bamabass No bat expert but I just mounted mine up and from the research I’ve done the bat box needs to be at least 12’ high the higher the better bats can’t flay like birds the need to fall and get wind underneath their wings in order to fly and also you want to mount it In area the gets a lot of sun and away from trees so predictors don’t get them visit bat bnb YouTube channel they are the experts
bonnie and clyde the geese name  lol
For the geese. Maverick and Goose !
Goose Name-  Billy the kid Anne Oakley To keep with the Outlaw theme of the pond and Oakley because oak trees are one of the most common trees eagles nest in
Love the videos, it’s my Sunday ritual watching them, but damn, what do you do for a living? I want to have a project like yours so bad. Can’t wait for the bass!
It’s funny how you don’t look at all your comments I guess since no one replied to mine it goes unseen.
Name the Canadian geese after famous Canadians  How about Gordy Howe and Pamela Anderson
George and Grace geese
The Geese could be Frick and Frack.
Those Wild Geese are Canadian Geese. they are aggressive and the worse thing you want around your pond. There Poop is toxic and will kill all your grass. As a Canadian we hate them. do your self a favor and if they are still about after 2 week SHOOT THEM. They are a protected Bird in canada and they have ruined every part they are allowed to be in. At the golf club I work at we have them all killed. Look into getting rid of them if they dont move on in a few weeks
Geese names. Maverick and goose
THAT BAT BOX HAS TO BE MORE THAN 20 FEET AWAY FROM THE TREES. AND 12-20 FOOT IN THE AIR. . GOOGLE IT.
Glad to see you put up a bat box! Can't wait to see any bats that you catch on the cameras.
Name for the geese, Honky & Tonk.
Charlie and Margaret for the geese names
Since the ducks are Ali and BamBam, the geese should be Cotton and Yellowhammer to stay true to  the Alabama name! Great videos and always look forward to the updates!
The geese gotta be called Tom & Jerry lol
Maurice and Clarice the geese
You should get mobile bigger tank he’s getting really big
Need to mount a camera on the inside!
Name the geese James Dean and Audrey Hepburn
Bonnie nd Clyde
Ricky and Julian
2 Canadian Geese? You can't do better for names than Bob and Doug.
The 2 Canada Geese could be named Maple and Leaf.
Love you and your family I love Sunday nights to look forward to these videos my wife and I would love it if you did a Q&A some time...love you guys and God bless
What size would it have to be to be considered a lake?
I think Goosey and Loosey would be a perfect name for the two Geese.
Cal the two geese Ma and pa kettle in memory of two old time stars
Love your videos. The geese should be named maple and syrup I think
This has and is coming together super legit... cant wait to see more.  Mother Goose & Gander Goose
Maverick and Goose for the names
The geese should be named Bonnie and Clyde on Alcatraz Island
It's Sunday you know what that means!! bamabass
You should do a 50-50 50% floating food 50% sinking
Annex and starling  Last name of two lutienet guards on alcatraz   Or   Anglin and Morris  The two last names who escaped alcatraz
Holmes and Watson seem fitting.
Name the geese..Gee and Haw...
Bat box is WAY too low. Just make sevral and put them high in trees around the perimeter.
Hey just wanted to say that your vids are great! keep them coming! and also for your garden if u take railroad ties and put them around the garden and then fill it with more soil, so that it is above the ground, then it will keep the grass out. So that way your not constantly picking grass out during summer.
Name the geese Bob and Doug McKenzie... 🇨🇦
Bonnie and Clyde for the geese names.
Keeping up with the outlaw names. Ned and Kelly for the geese. After the most famous Aussie bushranger.
Goose and Maverick for the geese.
I'd be happy to get rid of them hogs, I'll make Hakuna and Matata into pork chops 🏹 🐗
Since you guys are doing the garden, ever ponder the idea of getting honey bees to help pollinate?
When does Foxy get his own Squirrel House?
If you don't get rid of those Hogs,you will Truly regret it. I know you love Wildlife but these hogs DESTROY the Echo system.
Maybe those birds could be named Johnny and June After. Johnny Cash and June Carter? Johnny was once asked for his definition of paradise, Cash stated plainly said “this morning, with her, having coffee.” They were a real couple in love and I believe had a son. Maybe they will add to the pond family.
Well since everything seems kind of outlaw let’s go with Thema and Louise
Lewis and Clark as names for the geese. First geese to Alcatraz island.
Name the geese Tim and Tom
Any idea how much Moby weights, how old is he?
Hansel and Grettel or the geese
You might wanna get rid of those hogs because when they breed there will be a lot of more of them and they will keep growing. They will ruin your plans for anything to grow (grass, crops, even trees)
How are Bonnie and Clyde? Any attempt to spawn yet?
If the geese don’t leave before June I recommend naming them lunch and dinner.
How about naming the two geese, Thelma and Louise, or Marlin and Dori?
From what I understand those hogs being an invasive species, you can hunt them year round and you should.
Name the geese, Terrance and Phillip. The most notorious Canadian duo there is.
Love your pond an video's. I wood not want those geese coming in.. Before you know it you will have 25 or 50 and your land around the pond will be nothing but a poop yard and I do mean a poop yard believe me I know.
your pond is awesome...i watched the whole series..a good name for the geese should be tom and jerry..
Name Geese...... DUCK and DUCK........then you can tell people you have "DUCK DUCK" GEESE!  BLAST THOSE PIGS!  Wild hogs are a MENACE!
@bamabass bat boxes need to be placed higher to protect it from predators
Those hogs will destroy your place!
Call the Canadian Geese: Loonie and Twonie ($1 and $2 respectively).
Even though they never went there, but if we go with Uncle Sam for the eagle, I'd name the geese Bonnie and Clyde, keeping those other jailbirds safe.
Canadian Geese? Easy. Bob and Doug from Strange Brew.....
TOM AND JERRY FOR THE GEESE!! Definitely think it'll be an amazing duo name for the geese, since they tend to act a little crazy sometimes...
Geese names: bonnie and Clyde (thought it would go with Alcatraz)
Woah! Hogs. Bad news. They will hoover-up ground-nesting bird eggs and kill baby ducks. Not to mention vast destruction to flora. And spreading Brucellosis to deer, dogs, etc. Not good. Invasive species. Suggest trapping if no taste for pork.
Well if the ducks are male and female// shrek and Fiona // if two female Lavern and Shirley// if two males // chip and dale lolol or ren and stimpy lol
Any updates on the backyard pond and the turtle pond?
Not sure if the geese are both male but John and Clarence (Anglin) These 2 brothers escaped from Alcatraz along with Frank Morris. However, they could also be known as the Anglin Bros and there is also the fishing reference. 😁🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
The geese should be Goose and Maverick
Name one of the geese Karen because geese sometimes attack people.
GOOSE NAMES: Bruce and Deuce
Some good names for the geese would be Lucy goose and juicy goose
for those wild geese.... i would like to name them HANSEL and GRETEL =)
just name them Jack and Jill. easy and catchy! <3
Jack n Jill for the geese!
Thank you for sharing your project
Mother Goose and Mr. Spruce Goose or just Mr. Spruce, 'cause we already know he's a goose, and 'cause guy birds generally spruce up for their lady friends.
Name them Kamala and Harris because they like to squawk.  And the hawk should be Tony.
Your new bat box won’t draw bats until next year. The wood has to dry and turn a little gray before it draws them.
I said I think it is going to get too hot in a couple of your videos but I haven't received any feedback. Isn't that big surface and shallow depth going to get hot?
I know this could be comments section suicide 😲 have you considered the benefits of not introducing Bass until next year ? That would allow a good solid food chain to establish . Been here since before the first garden pond and first plan for the pond . Enjoying every minute thank you love from the UK 🇬🇧🇺🇲☮️
You should see how my mom and dad plan garden they fill up like half a notebook of what she needs the size  the soil all that stuff
Have you ever though about buying a horse or any other farm animals? It looks like you have a lot of land and I’m sure they’ll enjoy the pond just as much as we do.
Since they are Canada geese, I would name them Wayne and Janet Gretzky.
Name the geese Kami & Koto
We had a 3 acre pond on our Family Farm in Southern Ohio growing up in the late 70's, 80's and 90's. My Grandmother ran the farm with our Sheep, Horses and Chickens. Her favorite animals were the paired Canadian Geese that were always at the lake. She called them Gertrude and George. I was born in 77 when they had just arrived on the farm and they didn't disappear until around 1992. So my vote is Gertrude and George
Amazing pond! I've been following this channel for a few years now, so cool to see the progress
Why green pond?
I think you should name the geese goose and gander
Sonny and Cher for the geese?
I second the comments on installing bluebird boxes and raising the bat box to about 15-20’. The bat box looks like a bachelors box, to attract groups of young males. There are also specific boxes for breeding females. I would suggest installing one of those as well to increase your population. The bluebird boxes, spaced appropriately around the farm, will give you good natural protection for your harvests. They eat a lot of the caterpillars that ultimately feed on your crops and fruit trees. You really have the ultimate setup to create an amazing habitat for all native creatures there. It’s awesome.
This is a classic example of "build it and they will come"!!!!  Such a wonderful variety of wildlife of all kinds coming to your pond.  Can't wait to see what else shows up!!!
Bonnie and Clyde
Fruit trees planted bare root always do better than those in pots.  They get root bound.  Also, bare root are often cheaper.
to keep it French Canadian Geese" Marcel and Renee"
So awesome! Can't wait for the first monster pulled out
You should name them dinner and dinner.
The geese should be named Jones and Palmer based off W.D. Jones and Joe Palmer to keep up with the theme.
The geese give me Ron and Sue vibes
The pond is really coming along.  Hopefully this weather breaks and warmer temps take off to help finish all the projects left. You can name the geese Bob and Doug (the McKenzie brothers, for the Canadian comedy duo).
Moby’s going to be an absolute lunker when he gets in that pond! That bat house is awesome but it’ll do much better about 15 ft up one of those trees on the back side of your pond. Thanks for the great vids!
Geese names should be Rollie and Tide 👍🏼
Beautiful pond.  But those hogs will destroy everything.
Lucy n Dezi or Fred and Ginger for geese names.
Not gonna lie, when you first showed the duck getting dove on by the goose, I thought "wow, that duck didn't even care" >.< Then I realized it was a decoy. Seems I'm as dumb as a bird.
What do you do to get the water clear? Or does it clear up on its own?
Awesome series, thanks.  You may have already mentioned this, but could you let us know how much do you think it cost to create the pond to date?
U should name the ducks Fred and Ted because it rhymes
How about Terrance and Philip for the Canadians ?
Enjoyed the show
Name the two geese yin and yang cause they are black and white
Garfield and Golly sound good for the geese. Love your pond
How about Hansel and Gretel for the geese?
I love the videos!!
Berry and Shirley , most definitely
Since they are Canadian name the male goose Sydney from Dudly Do Right. Name the female Nell. Dudlys girlfriend.
Thank you for sharing.
Mouse found at 7:18 left side, you can see the two beady eyes.
You should name the geese Marty and Robbin
Or bonnie and Clyde for Bonnie's bayou
We need to see what the fry are going to eat. You got water fleas and such? What happened to the plants for the pond? You said you where going to take the camera under water. Why is the water not clear? Why so green? You need under water plants before you get algae
Geese 2 names- Al “Scarface” Capone and George “Machine Gun” Kelly
Love this series, it’s been a pleasure to watch this ecosystem come to life. And Geese names recommendation: Goose and Maverick
Goodspeed and Mason from the movie "The Rock" Nicholas cage and Sean Connery
Get rid of those hogs. You’ve been warned.
For the geese, how about Jack and Jill?!   Jack and Jill went up the hill to guard Alcatraz island.
If the geese that are the first two to show up are male/female they should be called Adam and Eve. :)
Name the geese Ragnar and Lagitha figure its male and female.  If they are males name them Ragnar and Bjorn
You are blessed with the wildlife diversity around you, God's country.
Canadian Geese. Gotta be Gordon (Gordie) and Marie.
2 Canadian geese eh.. As a Canadian I think suitable names should be either "Terrance and Phillip" or "Bob and Doug".
Canadian geese names: Maple and Syrup
I always click so fast on these videos
Bob and Doug McKenzie for the Canadian geese for sure!
I like Arlie and Edna for the geese.
You should call the two geese Terrence and Phillip, being two Canadians in America.
Since geese do offer protection for ducks, but only are successful a small percentage of the time you should name the geese Tom and Jerry
i love how call of the wild used your same intro song on the Mississippi acres map
The Female CANADA Goose definitely needs to be be named MAPLE!!!
Youre living my dream man. Been following for quite a long time. I wanna say about 35k subs.
The geese should be Amelia and Abigail (after the two geese in The Aristocats)!
Glenda and Gerald the geese
SHERIFF McWOODIE  AND QUACKIE CHAN  are my suggestions for those goose 👍
Anyone know what Mr. Mobie weighs? That aggression gets me excited!!
They are Canadian Geese. If you search You Tube for Bob & Doug McKenzie, you will find what we call the original Canadian Hosers! They are legends in Canada. So I suggest you call them Bob & Doug.
Moby needs a girl so baby mobys can go in the tank after Moby upgrades!
I cannot wait to see your pet bass terrorizing the bait fish once he gets in the pond!
Name the two Geese, Heckle and Jeckle.
Man I said Uncle Sam too
Thelma and Louise for the geese lol
Are you putting crayfish in the pond too?
One geese has to named Honkers
Need to name the geese Bonnie and Clyde
How's your backyard pond doing?
Name the geese foie and gras
You'll have to mount your bat box higher up then on a t post. The bats won't live in it that close to the ground. I'd suggest mounting on a 4x4 post roughly 12ft of the ground. I belive you want the front of the box to face in the direction of the sun as well. You'll have to get more details on that. But it definitely needs to be higher. That's for the great vis as always
Canadian geese need Canadian names. The boy is John Candy, and the girl is Celine Dion.
The geese are clearly Thelma and Louise lol. Hope you update us on the turtles soon
Dutch and Mandy for the goose
why wait so long to add bass?
That Owl box needs a much larger entrance.
Ralph and Alice, The Honeymooners. Or Lucy and Ricky, I Love Lucy.
The Gaggles (Mr Mrs G) that’ll cover any geese that come for a visit.
Those are Canada Geese, so how about some famous canadians? Jim Carrey and Celine Dion or Wayne Gretzky and Alanis Morissette.
You have to at least get somebody to come move those wild pigs.. next time you see them there will be 10 instead of 2 and ruin everything
Those geese were trying to run off that duck decoy, they probably are planning on nesting on that island and don't want any other birds near it
Name the geese Amelia and Abigail like the ones in Aristocats
You can call them Jack and Jill.
Geese should be Gilligan and ginger(or Mary Ann if you prefer) after gilligans island. All the g’s give some nice alliteration
Ricky and Lucy
I like the name STARS. AND STRIPES for the geese!
For the geese…. Ron and Nancy
Be careful with the wild hogs they can easily destroy all the crops your gonna plant soon and mess up all the surrounding terrain
Absolutely Epic 🧡🧡🧡💯
Cruller and Putin for the geese
Need an update on the backyard pond and the turtles. How long does it take before the minnows start to reproduce
Just an idea for the two geese and I was thinking Charlie and Chan
Names for the Canadian Geese. Ryan and Blake for Ryan Reynolds’s and his wife Blake. Btw. Love the series!
The geese. Goslin and goose- afur
Dudely Do Right and Nell for the Canadian Geese
Name the geese The Anglin Brothers after John and Clarence Anglin who broke out of their cells and escaped Alcatraz island in 1962!
Call them John and Jackie after the Kennedys
The geese name is Bonnie and Clyde
A cool name for the geese is Donald and Daisy, like Donald and Daisy Duck from Mickey Mouse
one of the geese should be named wawa.
They’re Canada geese so you should call them Bob and Doug Mackenzie.
Love the series but can you give an update on the backyard pond you keep leaving them out, Moby's gotten so big!!
The geese should be named Romeo and Juliet or Marco and Polo. Enjoy watching your videos. Thank you!!
hello love the videos Uncle waldo  and gus forthe geese from disney
I have been watching these videos since the beginning of the pond build. I was just telling my nephew they must not have hogs out there where he is and bamm two showed up. I'm from Texas and my advise is kill those hogs those 2 will turn into 22 in the blink of an eye. They will redefine your property for you. Love the project
Since they’re Canada Geese you should name the Maple and Syrup
I think the geese should be Rocky and Apollo ( Creed ).  Boxers who will protect the ducks.
Jack and Jill geese names!
I have been watching this since the first episode. Who would have thought that watching the building of a pond would be so fascinating. But I have two questions: does the polymer that you used to seal the link degrade with time? If so, does that open up the leak again, or does the seal remain permanently? You talk about the crops you will be putting in. Is this a regular commercial farm, or is it just a hobby farm?
I'd be putting those pigs on the BBQ! Those things will be destroying  your garden!
I think the geese should be called "Conway and Loretta"
Literally the last show I watch and look forward too. Thanks Bama. Your livin my dream.
It would be funny to name them Chip & Dale 😅
Canada Geese,  you could name them Loonie and Toonie (the one and two dollar canadian coins)
Name the geese Sampson & Delilah from the book of Judges.  Not sure how you can tell the difference from one pair of geese to another.  Are they a pest to a pond?
Gus and  Abigail are good names
Name the geese Ricky and Lucy or Fred and ethel
Canadian Geese, first 2 names that popped in my head are Bob and Doug, the McKenzie brothers
Would you consider getting a beehive
Clearly the geese need to be named Bob and Doug.
Gustav and Gertie for the geese
Candace and Gene, the Canadian Geese
Peanut and Butter for the two geese on account of you digging up peanuts in this episode as well.
Pigs plus a garden is *throwing caution in the wind.*
You should plant some milkweed somewhere for the Monarch butterflies, since they're endangered.  For that matter you could also install some Purple Martin houses, and bee-boxes and wood with various sized holes for other pollinator insects.
I think really good names would be Chuck and Tuck because it rhymes with the game duck duck goose and if a third one comes that could be Luce!
I really think that Owlbox is too little. Id try minimum the double size. Greetings from Germany , i like your videos. Nice pond :)
Bonnie and Clyde
Might need a good size fire pit, would be a great place for a few beers
this was a lovely pond video! A lot of birds to be seen, starlings, bluebirds, owls, hawks, geese oh my! It would appear that the two canada geese are a pair, and I had to think long and hard n names for them. For the "male" of the two, I thought of a few, Clay, Espresso, Ash, Night/Knight, and Tawny. For the "female", I thought of Coffee, Cream, Chocolate, Midnight, Indigo, Meadow. For pair names, Cream and Sugar, Coffee and Tea, Sun and Moon, Clay and Dust. Other than the names, Moby is looking amazing, and I'm partial to the idea that Foxy the squirrel is female...I think I caught a glimpse of nipples, but only time will tell.
Those geese are Canadian geese .. lets give them canadian names how about maple and moose
Start smashing the coyotes
How about naming the 2 goose Aphrodite and Zeus
Pete and Pauline for the Geese! Love the vids bro
name the hawk crimson
Play a little with the G in geese and name them Gertrude and George haha. What a lovely couple
your bat house may not be up high enough
will you move here one day
??? Are you going to add catfish ?   Denton TX
are y’all going to tag the pet bass so you will know if you catch it
How about Stephen Squawking and TweetyBird for the two geese!   Btw I love this series. Been watching every single video and am looking forward to seeing the next ones! Keep at the GREAT work!   These videos really are the highlight of my week usually!
Mickey & Mallory from natural born killers …
The Geese should be named "Terrance and Phillip". If you know you know...
For the geese how about Bonnie and Clyde
Geese DO NOT like duck’s!  They will run them off quickly.  This is why they went off on your decoys.
Is that Kingsford match light at 3:58? Fore shame!! ;)
You are going to have to Deal with those Hogs...sooner rather than later.
Are those shootings stars in some of the video are planes
I think a great name for the geese is Lucy and Ricardo
Great build! Get rid of those hogs pronto, their going to do a ridiculous amount of damage.
let the goose be named Adam and Eve they will let some other species know about the fantastic pond they found
awesome video... can't wait til y'all add the Bass
Geese names for sure have to be Bonnie & Clyde
I think the ducks name should be scrooge & donald!
I think good names would be slippy and slappy.
since you name it island Alcatraz island name the geese BONIE AND CLYDE
Think the geese should be named Johnny and Lonnie
i’m glad that it’s spring somewhere… up north we got lots of snow.
Gorgeous shot at the end! 👍😍
You're gonna wanna get rid of those hogs...they will tear your set up to pieces if ya aren't careful
I think Bonnie and Clyde would be pretty decent names
Would it be too crazy to name the wild geese either Maverick and Goose or Maverick and Iceman?  My vote would be Mav and Goose. LOL
Name the geese Laverne and Shirley
I think you should defiantly add crayfish to this pond, it would do great as a secondary feeder for your bigger fish
Maverick and Goose!
How about Kiwi and Booby for the two geese!   Btw I love this series. Been watching every single video and am looking forward to seeing the next ones! Keep at the GREAT work!   These videos really are the highlight of my week usually!
I bought a bay box. Never expected to have bats. When I moved it to paint the bats flew out scaring me to death.
You can name the geese Roll and Tide. Last name Dam.
Goose names Duck Duck & Mother
Keep the feathered rats' (geese) population under control or you'll have a major mess on your hands.  Felix & Poindexter for their names.
Geese names,  boxer n bouncer
That wood pile you showed us with the hawk on it is a mouse utopia. Unless you want mice y'all best get rid of that.
good names I think for those geese are romeo and juliet
One of the geese need to be named Bo the other one needs to be name Tyson
How about Scrappy and CoCo for the two geese!   Btw I love this series. Been watching every single video and am looking forward to seeing the next ones! Keep at the GREAT work!   These videos really are the highlight of my week usually!
The geese look like Laurel and Hardy to me.
Mickey and Minnie
Goose and Maverick
Bonnie & Clyde for geese names!
Great series.. did you ever post total cost to build this? Rtr
being theres 2 canaadian geese    loony and toney    our 1 dollar coin has a loon on 1 side    nick named  loony  and the 2 doller coin  speaks for it self   love the pond vids
Heckle and jeckle
I think a good name for the two geese would be Chip and Dale cuz they are rivals with donald duck and at 2:18 they also "attacked'' the duck haha awesome video keep it up!
How about “Goose and and Maverick” from Topgun. Since there partners and like to protect other birds.
The geese gotta be called Bonny & Clyde
Lucy and Goosie...geese names
You should mean the geese Donald And daisy bama bass a.k.a. the best YouTube channel on YouTube
Did you ever determine if Moby was a Northern strain or Florida strain of Bass?  Will he get moved to the backyard pond or the 5 acre pond?
The 2 geese should be named Jim and Pam after The office
the geese name should be Bonnie and Clyde
Need some shrubs growing on the island
Thanks for the update on the leaks.  I always read the reviews on products before purchasing and nice to know someone near me had success with it.  I purchased it but have not had the opportunity to apply it yet.  Always enjoy the videos!
Ben & jerry for the two geese
As a Canadian I’d say name the Canadian geese after two goody Canadian icons of the 80’s.  Bob and Doug McKenzie
👍
Barnie and Arnie if both are males  or Barry and Carrie if one boy one girl
Adam and Eve would be a good name for the geese since there are two of them
What’s my understanding that you’re gonna put your other fish in the pond such as Bonnie and Clyde Moby but maybe you can get a tag to put on them so you know them when you catch them
Huey and Luey for the geese
Love it
Frank and Lulu
Looking good. Missed seeing a video last week, so I am ready for the new projects. I bet those deer work on that garden pretty hard when it starts coming up.
everything looks great. the dip y'all made is called Pico de Gallo, Ceviche requires seafood/fish.
I just want to know how much the pond cost.
Abigail and Amelia Gabble from Aristocats! I have 2 geese at my pond that have been coming here for many years and always hatch babies. Their names are Pistol and Pipper!
Those fatheads will be spawning soon. You'll have millions of them. They like to nest in crevices like rocks or brush. The fry will eat on algae and later insect larvae. They can reach adult size in less than a few months.
Lillian and Michael could be some nice names. Lillian could be shortened to Lilly.
you guys should do a video of feeding moby different things- like shad, bluegill, crawdad, who knows maybe even a small trout?
There are video cameras you can purchase that mount inside bird houses. Check out vids on bluebirds and the like. They reference the equipment used.
Loving the videos! The pond looks great! Have you thought about making a mushroom patch somewhere on the farm? They are good for ecosystems and for me personally they've been interesting to learn about.
For the two geese, I like the names Fred and Barney.  Thanks...
Well, it looks like you may have the beginnings of a M.A.S.H. Squad, Hawkeye, Frank & Hot Lips Houlihan with the Hawks... 🤣 🍺🎣
For the Canada Geese, you should named one Loosey and the other one Goosey
I saw a bluebird in one of the shots. Reminded me to  suggest bluebird and martin houses near the pond. They will help keep the mosquitoes down.
I was wondering if you would put up some purple Martin houses? They eat a lot of bugs
Name one of the geese rock, because Alcatraz was called the rock, and name the other one Morris because Frank Morris escaped from Alcatraz
Name for the Geese Maverick and Duke I always look forward to these videos and all the cool updates 😊
Do you plan on releasing Mr Moby (the bass) into the pond?
Name for the geese smith and Wesson
Bonnie and Clyde
you have to wipe out those damn hogs, terrible for your environemnt
Hey there, I'm glad you took my advice on the bat house, and as big as your pond is, you may want another one, not to far from the area where you're gonna have your family outings. 🦇  You really should kill those hogs, they breed like rabbits, and they will destroy your garden, and your grass as they search for grubs, worms, and anything else they can find.  The only thing they're good for, is a pig roast. 🐗  I hope y'all have a good one! 👍🤠🇺🇸
How about for the geese “Ben and Jerry” everyone loves ice cream and everyone loves this series!
Thelma and Louise for the geese !!
Pigs will dig up every potato   You plant.
The geese should be named Freedom & Independence. As they are using Alcatraz island for freedom from the coyotes.
call the geese, Lucy and Desi...or Ethel if they're both female. I don't know when it comes to geese
Goose and Maverick for the name!
Goose neck is a funny name 😂😂
geese are king george and queen they rule the pond
There's nothing more satisfying then watching these videos
I've  absolutely loved this series of videos building the pond. The cabin & cook outs will be awesome not to mention the fishing to come.
The two geese should be named Marry and Parry
Been and jerry is a good name for the geese
Lucy and Ethel for the geese. Always sounded like two middle age women honking at each other.
Name for the 2 Geese- Buck & Shot
.300 Blackout = No more Hogs visits 🤔🤔
The 5 Acre Pond is looking good.  Do you expect to get anything out of your garden or is it only for the wildlife.
The Canada Geese could be called Terrance and Phillip after the Canadian pair from South Park.
If your looking for real bug control try to establish a colony of Purple Martins a single martin can eat up to 2000 mosquitos a day!
Love your content been with you since this project began 💯 awesome 😎love it always wanted my own lil fishing hole,love the camera views so awesome keep posting these videos will pay for it all,god blesses the work of good hands 🛐
You should name the geese "Georgia" for the female and "Bama" for the male
You should name the geese after some kind of Guard since they hang out in Alcatraz island.
Wilma and Fred.
Canadian Geese.. always mate for life... check out Letterkenny Canadian Geese episode worth the laughs.
Beavis and butthead
A pair of Canadian Geese. Name the male Monty for Montreal and the female Winnie for Winnipeg.  When they’re together you can call them the Canucks.
Geese names from fly away home grubby and Igor
You should be them  alc and traz
Terrence and Phillip for the geese
I think Moby should get his very own tag. I am sure you can make it happen. A gps one.
Good names for the geese would be Jack and Jill!!!
One time I was pheasant hunting and stepped on a field mouse. They are everywhere!
Those are called Canada Geese
Use compost on your island.
You should get crawfish for your pond to harvest and eat since you like them that much.
The pond is looking great! You could call the geese Salt and Pepper
Geese should be named Waddle and wiggle
Should have named the island,  Gilligan's Island
Canadian geese names- (male) Keanu, (female) Celine. lol :)
Harvest the pigs
DON'T LET THE GEESE STAY. DONT! THEY ARE A PLAGUE.  SERIOUSLY THEY ARE AWFUL AND WILL MESS UP THE POND.
A little dity about Jack and Diane Two Canadian geese  Out in crimson oak lake  Jack hes gonna be a YouTube star Dianes eating grass not leaving jack too far  Sitting at Alcatraz praying to god it dont freeze  Jack’s chasing decoys Diane  honks saying oh please   Jack he says “Hey Diane lets run off behind the new planted tree. Drink some water for the timelaps to see”  Honking “oh yea life goes on, long after the thrill of digging this pond”  Singing “oh yea theres life in this pond Got automatic feeders here so we wont be gone” They waddle on  Jack he sits back, collects his fish for a moment Dunks his head, and does his best Uncle sam "Well then, there, Diane, we ought to run off to the city" Diane says "Goosey you ain't missing a thing" And Jack says   “oh yea life goes on thanks to BAMABASS we wont be gone  Oh yea life goes on long after the thrill of digging this pond” They waddle on
You'd better fix that algae problem before it sucks every molecule of oxygen out of the water and kills EVERYTHING.
I would have to name the hawks Pierce and Honeycutt from MASH.  Thanks for the video!
It’s looking great Mate well done those Geese look like Hootie & Blowfish one of their songs were playing on the radio when you showed them lol
Starchy and hutch for the new pond guests
Sending Love and appreciation from Yankee land.....brother we are all the same and we all love your videos.  Names for the geese, Belvedere and Bae. I know you can't say that lol, let's say Belvedere and Betty ( 2 males, Belvedere and the boys)
call the geese maple and ottowa!
Nice
How about  BRUCE and TRUDY for the geese?!? You know,  BRUCE GOOSE and his girl TRUDY GOOSE.
Donald and Daisy
the geese should be named Ebenezer and Scrooge
this is my life long dream to do on my very own estate  🇯🇲🇯🇲🇯🇲📍📍♥️♥️♥️
You should name the geese Bonnie and Clyde
Lucy and Ricky
Ren and Stimpy for the geese lol
if the geese stay there i bet they make nest on alcatraz island, if they do, beware. they can be a bit honery when it comes to nest :)  lol
Name the Geese Bogie and McCall.
u should name the two geese ‘Bonnie and Clyde’ that would be a good name for they will be notorious for being mean to the ducks. love the vids man🙏🏽❤️
Get a pellet gun for the rats just carry it when you out there
Homer and Marge for the geese?
Since the geese are on Alcatraz you should name them the Anglin brothers, two of the three alleged people who escaped Alcatraz, plus it kinda sounds like angler.
What i think Would be a great name for the geese are squeakers and waddles
Since the geese or goose are Canadian you should name them maple and moose hahaha
Was wondering are you go to add crawfish in your pond for added bait?
Lilo & stitch for the geese,they will be giving the Predators a hard time
Wife and I love your videos! After much discussion we think the geese should go by Hoser and Maple.
If those pigs stick around you should definitely kill them or they will  Play havoc on your fields and trees..
You should stock a couple of small gar in the pond
The geese should be called tom and jerry
I hope those 2 geese don't multiply into 20. They poop everywhere and its not fertilizer kind of poop.
Stunning, just stunning!
It's not just about the fish. You have the entire package going on. What a great layout for the garden. Everything has it's place. Too cool.
Since they are Canadian geese, proper names would definitely be Justin and Biber
Name the geese Jonesy and Riley.
Long two weeks...  Geese Lucy and Dezi.......
Goose name suggestion:  Amelia and Abigail. ( the geese from aristocats).  The pond looks great though. Can’t wait to see the bass go in and the progress they will make. Awesome job love your content!
I think the 2 gooses should be called Riley and Jonesy.  Two Canadians just hanging out and ready for a donnybrook.
Geese name: chip and dale
Heckle and Jeckle for the geese
The geese should be called jack and jill
Since the geese hang out on Alcatraz island name them Al and Capone
Great job! Your work is a huge motivation to act on our own dreams... thank you. I look forward to seeing the future developments.
Steven did you ever think about using your underwater camera to film the throne and the other sanctuaries to see if the bait fish and bluegill’s have found them.
How about Beavis and Butt-Head
Best to harvest those pigs before they cause damage to your pond and dam area
I think that bat box needs to be 20 foot off the ground.  Don't quote me on that.
Now your going to have goose shit everywhere
Name the geese, buck and Blanche. Clyde’s brother and his wife. You’ll have the barrow gang.
Haha, I do the same thing as your wife when planning my gardens, though mine are a smaller scale. Lucy and Desi for the geese =]
the geese are canadian geese we have thousands of them in the uk and can get very tame i had one 20 yrs ago called george very tame friendly
Geese names: Loosey and Goosey
Name 'em Geeze Nutz
Lady Goose and Sir Gosling
This makes my daddy daughter night a lot better when moms at work.
If you put a Morton bay fig or similar, water birds love the figs as a food source
name them starskey and hutch !!
What I like is, you didn't only have a pond built you're also incorporating a family recreation area too. I think some sort of raffle to invite a family out there once you're completely done would be cool.😊
How about Laural and Hardy!
Are you going to add Daphnia to help water balance and feed tlthe small fish?
Moby has to be 6lbs by now…..he’s a beast!!!!
hummm free pork..lol
Being as the geese are canada geese, you should name then Looney and toonie after our 1 and 2 dollar coins 💰
Put moby ina big pond 😭💙💙💙💙💙
Or Maverick and goose
Finally I couldn’t wait anymore !! Lol
Maverick and iceman
I think some good names will be Faith and Hope for the 2 Geese
kill the geese
Thanks for sharing , love your videos all the way from  Chino Hills California
Wow, it got so green...algae bloom?
Call the geese Heckle and Jeckle!
Lucy and Bruce (Lucy goosey and Bruce the Goose)
You should name the two geese Ron and non
In keep with the Great White North for the Canada Geese I would suggest Doug & McKenzie.  Yes the brothers are Bob and Doug McKenzie from the Age old skits from Rick Moranis and Dave Thomas from the early 1980’s but as there is likely a male and female Goose Bob and Doug probably wouldn’t work.
U could name the geese mutt and jeff
Just in time to watch while eating sunday dinner!
Excellent Northern Harrier! (Hawk)
Burt and Becky for the geese names plz.
Since the geese hang out in Bonnie's bayou, how about you name them Bonnie and Clyde?
Maybe Maverick and Goose for the geese names. Love the channel. Been watching a while.
You should name the two geese Loius and Pierre. They're Canadian geese but the running joke is that all geese are French Canadian and have a French accent
Pigs can be very destructive.  Trap them and get rid of them
If they protect the ducks name them Andy Taylor and Barney Fife
Call the geese Bob and Doug after the Canadian comic skits !
Stabilizing all that green slab lumber you got, can be done by tenting the spaced pile with 6 mil poly, and steaming it for 6-8 hrs until you melt down the lignin and you won't get checking. Takes a bit of set up and  a days worth of steam boiler tending but you can do the whole stack at once.
Geese —- Laverne and Shirley!!
is it going to stay green?
Maverick and Goose!
Name the geese Frank and Hammer after the Texas Ranger that chased Bonnie and Clyde
The eco system around the pound is really developing.  The only thing wrong is the feral hogs, they will get out of control, they can and will destroy everything.
How dare you disrespect the eagle with Uncle Sam haha 😂 shoulda gave him a Indian name since that’s where we are!
Robert and Della Stroud. Robert Stroud was the famous “bird man” of Alcatraz prison. He was one of the most feared men in Alcatraz. His wife was Della. I think Robert and Della would be great names for the two geese.
You have what so many people dream of. A  cool hangout spot with so much diverse wildlife
The geese names "Canuck and Nanuck" both are Canadian names and they are Canadian Geese so it fits.
Pond water is really turning green, you should think about stocking some algae eaters, snails, fish, etc. to help control it as its going to explode in the spring I bet.
Canadian Air Force for the geese!
Jack and Diane would bee a good name for the geese because they grew up in the heart Land
How about Allie and Bama?
Are you still going to put the waterfall rock feature in the pond aswell?
Another great video, have you considered getting some large flat rocks? I've seen some cases where animals love them due to the fact that sunlight heats them up during the day so in early evening when things are cooling off they can get some extra warmth.
You should name one goose Batman and the other Joker
Boris goosinov uncle boring from balloon and webigel uncle scrooge niece
Name the geese Wayne and Garth
For the geese names how about Abigale and Ameila?
Dark wing duck
So cool, you are living my dream
Geese named Honkers and Trumpet
They're Canadian Geese! Their names have to be Terrance and Phillip! 😅😅😅😅
If the geese are male and female I would name them raggedy Ann and Andy
Can't wait to see Moby in the pond with huge blow ups happening
Wynonna and Ryder would be good names for the geese
Your geese should be Michael Gander Fox and Shania Dame Twain.  Two famous Canadians.  Michael G & Shania D
Canada geese! Only fitting to name them bob and Doug McKenzie eh !
Shoot the hogs... good eating too.
You should name the geese Jack and Diane
Name for geese: Trucker and Convoy, since they are Canadian geese, seems patriotic to name them after that movement.
Name the geese Jack and Jill
Can't wait to see when you stock it with bass
The two geese, you should name them "Nemo" and "Dory"
Goose Lee and Goosey Loosey 😆 The pond is looking great!
Put wire cages around the fruit trees and a 3d fence around the garden to keep the deer out.
This project is sick. Their Canadian goose. Theirs two of them. Bob and Doug makenzie.! Search up if you don’t know who their are.!
Honker and Squeak for the geese names.
Love the series. How about you name one of the geese Garret
Crimson and Tide
Oooof, hogs will make a mess, but on the grill...
Name the two geese Bonny and Clyde just like the bass haha
Canada Geese ...  and I hope you take more of 'em.  We got plenty to spare and they're very protective.
Careful of fertilizer drain around the pond.  Killed apopka lake in florida.  Looks good.
bonnie and clyde for the geese
Maverick and Goose
Maverick and Goose would be good name for the geese
The hogs find that garden, it will be a goner!
goose and maverick for the geese
Be careful after planting your fruit trees. My squirrels would stripevery small fruit bud on my peach and plum trees. To keep them away from my figs i had to cover it with a tree net.
Goose  and Gander
The geese won’t protect the ducks they will likely try to fight them at some point
Name the geese Phil and Lisa!
Can you please do a video on roughly how much this project cost for people who are thinking about building their own pond know what too expect.
For the geese Bama I would like to see their names as Joe and then Anne so its of course like Joe Anne
You should name the geese if they are both female Abigail and Amelia from The Aristocats.
I think Melodie and Ferdinand for the goose names. Love the progress videos! Wish I had enough property to build my own! Keep up the cooking videos too!!
IMO You need to harvest the Hogs if they stay around  As Hogs will ruin your garden all year
Too many comments to read so don't know if already mentioned, suggested names for the geese, Hansel & Gretel.
You should name the geese sergeant Sam and Private Johnson or try romeo and Juliet
Geese names: Maple and Syrup cause they are Canadian Geese!
For the two birds 🦢 Rick n morty 😅
Name the geese Razzle and Dazzle
Smokey and bandit would be good name for the geese
The geese might nest on the island and have little ones
“Maverick and goose “
Canadian geese!  Call then Nova and Scotia!! Pond looks great
Chip and Dale would be a good name for the 2 geese.
Nice transition through video timeline. Bermuda grass on an island." Bamabass island."
I keep trying with the names. Haha. How about Lucy and Goosey?
Hogs are destructive, expect damage. Great vid, trail camera footage is awesome!
are you gonna let moby swim in the pond i remember you talking about it a couple episodes back but can’t find it
early
bonny and clyde
I’d kill them hogs ASAP, they’ll breed sows this year and it won’t be long til they’re destroying everything. They breed and grow so fast they’ll take over
Maverick and Goose  for the geese names.
I feel like this is our pond, but it’s just on your property. 😂 Go Dawgs!!! 💪🏿
Fred and Wilma
Hey Stephen.... Since he is such a voracious eater, have you ever posted Moby's "vital statistics"? (Length, Girth, Weight, etc.)
Should name the geese “Dictator” and “Trudeau”.
name the Geese Adam and Eve
Melody and. Ferdinand
Jack and Jill for the geese
The Geese should be named Stan, and Fran
For the names of the geese goosie and gander
Name the geese lunch and dinner
mother and father goose !
Goose and Maverick
I am still concerned fertilizer run off into the pond will make it an algae heaven. I have no seen you address this either.
Best pond build on YouTube byfar!
What a life
Are you every going to add any diffusers or fountains?
I hope you put electric fence around the garden
You really need to kill them hogs no kidding if you dont want to get someone else to do it before its to late my friend and also the hawks will definitely kill your ducks so it's illegal here in GA to kill a prey bird but I had chickens and everyday I had a hawk killing at least 3 chickens per day if he had ate the chicken say 1 a day I would not have done anything but he just killed them even when I was home . At first I just shot beside him trying to scare him off 😳  it didn't work so I shot him several times with a shot gun hitting him with squirrel shot 😳  you guessed it didn't work when I finally talked to my game warden about him, he said it's illegal but if he's killing your birds what you do in private don't go telling it. Green Light is what I saw 👀  but wouldn't you know it lol 😆  never saw him again
For the geese Thelma & Louise
Name the geese Pete and Repeat. They look identical. Enjoy the videos.
Name the geese Gus and Gerty.  We’ve had a pair of geese at the river that runs through our farm for years, and that’s what we named them
Love your videos but that was NOT civiche, It would be a stretch to call it pico de galo.. but definitely not civiche
You mentioned the "bright star" that comes out just before sunrise... thats not a star. That's Jupiter. That's why it's so big and bright. Just a little FYI.
lol those Geese aren't going to protect anything but their mate. get a gander and put with your ducks, so they have some protection at least.
I think Bruce and Luz are two good names for the geese
Goose names: I like Mother Goose and Father Goose. Perhaps they will have goslings!
When he doesn't start the video with "Folks at home...." 😢
Your bat box needs to be mounted a lot higher, around 20 feet or so. Also, just in case you don't know it needs to be facing South.
The 1967 movie Bonnie and Clyde were played by Warren Beatty and Faye Dunaway, in keeping with the theme I would purpose Warren and Faye,  not certain if this is a matting pair of Canadian Geese but they do mate for life....so that might be a thing.
Bonnie and Clyde :)
Bonnie and Clyde for the geese!
Name the 2 Geese Bonnie and Clyde! Love your channel!
what about aquatic plants ?
Gander (scientific name for male) and Dame (scientific name for female)  Pond is coming along great, love this series, thanks for sharing with us.
What about Ryan and Eve gosling?
I believe bat boxes have to be 8 to 12 feet off the ground.
Bermuda grass? Ugh.
Maverick and goose would be good names for the geese
Jonah and Goliath for the geese names and love the vids
I can't afford to sell it, i can't afford another right now. I might after I get me a pickup truck a little later on. I think I just got 2-3 months left on my bankruptcy, and my car is already paid off. I didn't ever fix where I dented the back door and quarter panel, from hitting my mailbox post. I cut it too close that day lol. I was fixing it, then I needed that money to replace a window in the 🏠.
lol at all the people suggesting Bonnie n Clyde for the geese not knowing his fish are already named that. name them Maple and Syrup since they are Canadian 🙃
Can you start doing backyard pond videos again?
How are Bonnie and Clyde?
What would it take to fish this beautiful lake once it's done iv waited religiously for every video since the very first one and love every single things you have done to the lake how you places the bedding areas the bass holes an the structures for the fish and the biggest thing I have love is you went out of your way asking am taking people suggestions, opinions, an thoughts ❤ really love your lake series
Your bat box needs to be up higher, like 15 feet or more.
For the bat box, which are awesome, I would suggest placing more than 1. Also, higher up bout 20 feet should be good. Maybe inside the tree line too.
I think you should name them maverick and goose
Milo and Otis
I love watching your videos… Great work! Keep up the good work
With Uncle Sam just come to town, these two first Geese should be George and Martha. 🇺🇸
You should name the geese, Johnny & June (Cash) - or even Cash & Carter!
name the geese walter and jesse
I posted before but maybe I missed your reply... did you consider putting a GPS device on your pet bass to keep track where he's at in the pond???
Maverick and Charlie from Top Gun in memory of Goose. RIP Goose!
For the Geese how about Abigail and Amelia
how long does it normally take moby to finish a meal? we see it in less than a minute so it seems like he's still as foodcentric as he was when he was younger, i was wondering if that's still the case
Johnny and June for the geese names. Nice looking paradise ya'll built. I can see tons of good memories being made there.
Bonnie & Clyde yes!
Love it!!!!!!
I know those geese that’s Melody and Gabble.
is mr moby going in the pond
For the geese,,, how about from the great Red Skelton,,,,,    gertrude and heathcliff
Idea foe the geese. Linus & Lucy! Like Charlie brown! Been watching since the first pond build video. Love all the videos
Love your videos you are definitely a blessed person I hope things continue to go great for you and yours
Love the vids
Geese = Yin and Yang ☯️
Johnny and June (cash) for the geese
Names for the geese jasper and Wren
A couple good Goose names Abigail & Amelia Gabble From Disney's Aristocats
How about Huey & Louie for the geese names
Because they’re canadian geese why not go with ‘Black’ & ‘White’ and together they can be the Grey couple :)
You should name the geese Fred and Ginger!
I would love to just see a boulder put in the pond
FREE MOBY !!!!! PUT HIM IN THE POND !!!!
Mama and Papa for the geese names ... because they're about to have a cute gaggle of goslings on ya new pond
You need to take out those pigs. They don't belong in North America.
Love the series!  Name the geese: Geezer and Zebra
if the geese hang out, Terrance and Philip for names
Papa & Mother goose!
Oh man those deer are going to mow your new trees down, I would recommend some kind of fencing around each to keep them away.
Always enjoy the updates about your pond. Wow that grass on the dam is looking great.  Keep up the great work man
how about Jack and Jill
Finally, been waiting
From a Canadian get rid of those Canadian Geese........their numbers will grow and shit all over.....I warned you!
Any way to take the green out of the water: improve water clarity? Would love to see those dock lights, in crystal clear water. Canadian geese so Wayne and Gordy for hockey's two greatest.
I hope you don't get overran with hogs the best way to deal with them would be to trap them or just shoot them they eat real good if you don't want to shoot them I'm Shure you can find a hunter in your area that would do it for you if you take care of it before it becomes a problem it won't cost you to fix later it's expensive
Awesome project. Have you considered planting some reed on the shoreline? It would help many fish to hide & rest and also provide spots for rare birds to nest.
You should name the geese deputy G and Lieutenant G because they will protect the ducks from the predators AKA robbers
Should call the hogs Dinner!
Who else remembers when Moby was a baby?  🙋🙋🙋
How about naming the geese, "Bonnie and Clyde"?
Terrance and Phillip for the two Canadian geese ... if you know you know lol
I think the Geese could be called, "Rocky" and "bullwinkle". I know they are a squirrel and a moose... but they are Canadian after all :)
Can you update us on moby weight? Like check up on all the animals at the house.
Upload more often I know your busy but I love your videos
The geese names should be Bruce Goose and Lucy Goosey. I cant wait for the bass to go in the pond. So exciting!!!
Canadian geese? Call em Bob and Doug lol.
You should name the Canadian geese Al and Mae Capone. considering your island is called Alcatraz
You are going to need a fence around your garden
Bonnie and Clyde
Harry and Sally
Yooo Is that Cowboy Bebop music in the intro??
Tony and Abagail Hawk and Mickey and Minnie Geese.
name the geese John and Clarence Anglin after the guys who escaped alcatraz
Rocky and Bullwinkle !
Hamer and Gault for the geese.
GERTRUDE AND HEATH CLIFF. Red Skelton used to call his birds in his jokes
Name the geese gus goose and Amelia gabble
Bald eagles eat geese
That’s a wack name for the eagle 🦅 I’m disappointed it’s only right we do a recount name the eagle 🦅 🗣 FREEDOM OR 🗣MERICA
Flappers, For one of the gooses name idk which one, but the one that attacked the duck dummy I think it would be a good name
For the ceviche you can also put fish filets cut in small pieces and let the lemon  juices cook it
Heckle and jeckle for the geese
You folks keep upping the ante. Can't wait to see see the bass get put in.
when the ponds finished and you get people fishing there regularly, you should make a crimson oak channel for weekly or monthly  highlights of people's catches, pond maintenance, updates and catches of the week.
that garden for sure will need a dear fence !!!
Since they are Canadian Geese, why not name one Wayne and the other Gordie, for Wayne Gretzgy and Gordie Howe, famous Canadian hockey players?
You should name the geese the Obamas. Michelle and Barack.
My Absolute Favorite Bass Channel on YouTube!! BamaBass for Bass President 🗽
I like Johnny Cash and June Carter for the geese!
How about Maverick and Goose for the 2 geese
To keep the ducks and geese hanging around on the island throw some corn out to ensure they stay coming back
Fred and Ethel for the geese.
put up some bat houses . bats eat lots of mosquitos
You may need to keep the Canadian goose population to a minimum. They destroy your vegetation and their very dirty birds if you know what I mean. you'll be stepping in their poop everywhere. Just something to consider. With that put aside now, YOU SHOULD NAME THEM HECKLE AND JECKLE. An old cartoon I used to watch as a kid. Also, about the hogs... They also love to tear up property so they may need to be dispatched or relocated. Just a thought. Love the videos.keep em coming!!!
Tom and Jerry for the geese
Names for the geese "Anthony" Edwards and "Meg" Ryan of Top Gun fame
ying and yang for the geese
Thanks for another great video, the property is looking better and better each vid great job. This summer is gonna be amazing to see..Moby must be almost 5lb by now my goodness hes big. May God Bless you and the family, we'll see you on the next one.
Tom & Harry the geese
Where you live in Alabama
Can we name something Bob?
Name for the geese:  Ricky and Lucy or Fred and Ethel.  You Choice.  Love a good bass pond!!
Geese names could be Mountie and Maple since they are canadian lol
Pancho and Lefty should be the names of the geese!
Hey man need to put that bat box 20’-30’ high that low they wouldn’t use it!
Your land, your choices, but I think it would be pretty cool if you built a lodge, and had weekend packages for your fans to come and fish the pond, maybe even meet you. I know that's a big decision, but I've been a fan for years, and would love to crush some bass on your pond! Just an idea.
Should get you one of those summarine remote control cameras, start letting Moby get used to it put in his fish tank.
For naming the geese, Bo and Jangle  To those who care, hello and have a good day!
Spring planting. It's 25 f with with 20 mph winds here. Feels like 10 f
You need to get rid of those hogs.  They will undo all your hard work.
Just fyi I’ve been watching since the beginning of the construction of your family’s pond build and 1000% it’s my #1 YouTube series I have ever seen can’t wait til ya’l start catching fish. P.S. the amount of wild life is really cool to see
Finally.
Name the geese Drake and Josh
The perfect name for those Goose living in Alcatraz island is Bonnie and Clyde!
Pat and Charlie
Great name for the geese Ricky and Lucy!
Geese names -Smokey and bandit
Since I think the geese will be providing you entertainment I say name them Lucy and Desi
Bonnie and clyde for the geese. Oh yeah. Love to watch your channel grow mate.
I think Madigan and  Blackwell as these were the 2 wardens of Alcatraz around  the time the prisoners escape.
Will you be using water clarifier to get clear water so that you can see to the bottom?
I think some good names for the geese are Gus and Lucy, we had a goose names Lucy for 12 years before a fox finally got to her. RIP Lucy. Keep up the good work, the pond is looking great!
Next thing is the alligators
Name the geese tweedle dee and tweedle dumb
Name them Adam and Eve
The geese should be Bonnie and Clyde
Jackie Geesen and Liam Geesem for the Geese. Love the progress, can't wait to see the bass fishing to come!
Thank you for the video this week I really appreciate all the hard work you do with theses videos each week I know there not easy well till next time yall stay safe
Purple martins eat their weight in mosquitoes. They love water too.
ive been expecting you
When mobie is moved u should try to find a girlfriend for him in the backyard pond
Surprised you don't have more turkey than you do
The geese should be Bert and Ernie
Should name the geese: Maverick and Goose
Great job
This has really come together nicely
Name the geese, Hansel and Gretel.
Loonie and Toonie. Because they are Canada Geese. Loonie is the Canadian 1 dollar coin. Toonie is the Canadian 2 dollar coin
Geese names mr. & mrs. Pac-Man
Love the channel, that pond is turning out better than even you may have expected, I think.  I think that polymer is gonna do the trick forever. Keep up the videos, your editing is really good.  Only problem I have is that hat your buddy had on while yall' were grilling! GEAUX TIGERS!!!
Geese names mr. & mrs. Pac-Man
Tango & Cash for the  geese
Let me know if those hogs cause you any problems
salt and pepper should be the name
Terrance and Phillip would be awesome names for the geese.
I love your videos I have been following the pond series since the start I can't wait till it's done it will look awesome.
You should just take them hogs out now
Amazing that I've been watching the pond series from the start and it's great to get regular updates....    I wish I could do something like this....    Great job sharing this with us
I love these videos. I look forward to them weekly.  Can I come down and fish with y’all? J/k
Lloyd and harry from dumb and dumber
Bonnie and Clyde
That's an awesome looking salsa, but ceviche is made with fish.
Can you go into detail on the biology and water param stuff? it seems to have been glossed over in prev videos
hogs gotta go.  not good.
The geese should be Burt and Earnie
You should name the Geese Chip & Dale
I think the geese should be Fred & Ethel.
Awesome I love what you are doing I can't wait till the next one
The hawk at 2:30 is a Northern Harrier, adult female. Those Eastern Bluebirds checking out the owl box would nest on the property if you put up nest boxes for them.
You should name the geese couple Sam And Samantha
I love this series so much
Geese should be named Maverick and Goose!
name the geese maple and syrup being they are canadian
Great video… since they are Canada Geese I would say Dudley (Do-right) and Nell (Fenwick). Maybe I am showing my age. Great video!
Magee and minky for the geese names
Name the geese, Timon and Pumba
That bat box is way to low. Should be 10' or more off the ground.
You should name the gees rabecka and beck
Those geese will destroy the water quality of the pond... get them gone... and the hogs... time for a roast
Just love this vlog.
Canadian geese? Name em Ey, Bud?
Should name them jack and Jill
For the geese their names should be Grey and Gracie Goose
Should name the geese Nick & Terry!  Who is a more famous couple in Alabama then the Saban’s! And just refer to them as the Saban’s when ever they are together!
Name the geese   Goose and maverick
Broooo you have to name the geese Scarface and bumpy... Sticking to the villain thing and if they will be spending there time on Alcatraz it makes sense 😜🤙
Plant tress or vegetation that attracts insect/bugs to provide additional food source for fishes
looks great.... are you adding more bait soon
Name the geese “quack and jack” love the vids!
Another great video!  I love the updates!!
name the geese thelma and louise
You should name the geese after prison break like michael scofield and lincoln burrows
You should name them Squeaky and waddles. Love your videos keep them coming
Canadian geese? Wayne and Shuster! <3
12 minutes... 169 comments! I love this channel!
It's getting there  and looking great! How about Thelma and Louise for the pair of geese? One's probably a male so it might not work lol. Maybe Thelma and Louis 😂
Nick & Terry
Really enjoy these videos..  gives me great ideas for when I get the family’s homestead.  Not nearly as big of a project as yours but I’ve sure learned a LOT!  Thank you! (Edited) are you planning on adding crawfish? And I’d name the geese Jack and Jill.. bc they go up the hill to the island :)
Jack and Jill
Great video bro love this series can’t wait for everthing to be how you want it
I rekon you call them Bonnie and Clyde
With the deer and the pigs, you might have to get an electric fence around your garden.
I think the geese should be named (brute/Bruce because of when it tried to scare the decoy) and (Olivia just because I think it suits)
Can't wait till you get some giant bass growing in there
Heckle and Jeckle
get some common carp or koi in there! theyre good for fishing, and amazing to feed your predatory fish! And no/ they wont blow up in numbers if u have a lot of predators
Maverick and Goose for the geese...
How long till y’all build a house and move in?
For the Canadian Geese: Bob and Doug. Like Bob and Doug Mackenzie from the Great White North
I’ll tell ya where those 2 hogs was T.A. Chastang rootin up and eatin my taters 😂😂😂
What other name can the geese have but Duck Duck and Goose?
the geese name should be Ken and Karen, because Canadian geese r Karen's and Ken.   Also Geese and ducks r friendly-ish. My local park is ruined by ducks and geese, The geese and ducks will share the water but stay away from each other. Ducks will poop in the water which ruin the water quality tainting the fish. The geese won't ruin the pond water, but may ruin the bank because of the poop. But when the geese are laying eggs, they will guard the eggs and charge anything that goes into there 10 feet radius.
I wish these were 30+ minutes long.
You can name them fluff-buff and Goober. ❤💯
That was a good elevation shot of the dam when you were on the island
Canadian geese are assholes. And I’m Canadian 😂
I like Jack and Diane for the geese. Great job on the pond. I'm so impressed.
You should call the new geese Donald and Daffy
Seen a bluebird in the garden video.  You need some Bluebird boxes.
It's obvious you have a mating pair of geese,  you should name them , legs and Dutch after Dutch Schultz and Legs Diamond from the gangster Era of the 20s
Hans, and Frans. Hansel and Gretle. For geese. Love the channel.
For the Geese, how about "Abbot and Costello"?   Loving the updates, cant wait to see some BIG BASS!
Name the geese Lucy and Ricky, from I love Lucy.
I think you should name the geese . Bonnie and Clyde I say because the way he Came in there to attack that decoy He is sliding in the cut . What a wonderful Pondo is lovely Maybe one I can come fishing with you That'll be wonderful thing I would love to.
Poncho and lefty for the geese 💗
How about Pete and repeat
Since the geese are Canadian Geese, and "Canuck" is a nickname for Candians, how about "Canick & Canina".
How about heckel and jeckel for the geese
Name the Canada Geese - George and Gracie.
Since they are Canadian Guese then call them 1. Justin and 2. Truedough. Please forgive me if my spelling is off.
I think Johnny and June for the geese in honor of the late great country music legends. Awesome videos look forward many more updates
I would name the geese John and Clarence after the two who escaped (?) Alcatraz, but I feel Clarissa would be a better name for a girl.
The geese names......Canna and Duh or Bob and Doug.....
That last shot is beautiful....I was trying to figure out what was wrong with those ducks until I realized they were decoys hahaha
Your going to have a hard time growing a garden with all the animals and now pigs you might want to look into an electrical fence cause deer and raccoons will devastate a corn field and fruit trees
The pond is looking great! I love all the wildlife showing up.
I think forest and Jenny would be amazing.. have the Alabama in common 👍🏻
I was just thinking earlier.. man I hope a new Bama pond video drops and here it is! YAY! lol
Bonnie and Clyde.... Milo and otis
Birds can carry fish from water to water, if you ever see fish you never stocked that may be a reason
Theodore & Archibald for the geese
This is the best series on YouTube hands down!
Name the geese Butch and S undance
Since it's Alcatrrz Island how about Bonnie and Clyde?
honestly not sure about the whole garden Idea, sounds like you're kinda asking for the wildlife to eat it up
You would name one of the geas rocky
Name the ducks click and clake 😁
I absolutely love your videos! You've inspired both my best friend & I to build ponds on the properties we both inherited (mine from my great grandparents & his from his grandparents) here in Kentucky.
Can we get an update on Bonnie and Clyde we see enough of moby every week
Call the geese sonny and cher
4 minutes. Lets go got it early lol
You won't have any veggies in that garden with all that wildlife
Name for the geese....George and Gracie
Geese names Tom Goose Luke Goose
I know Bonnie and Clyde never went to Alcatraz, but they look like criminals with the masks.
Goose names:   Sky & Cobra
Great videos, so serene. Awesome oasis for everyone. Geese - Honk and Tonk.
I would name the geese, Can and Ada.
For the Geese, "Anthony" and "Edward" as in Anthony Edwards who played, "Goose" in Top Gun.
Name the geese "tim" and "Horton" because they are Canadian 😂
Name them Bonnie and Clyde.
Dang man I remember subscribering when yall had like 10k just realized you got 740k, geez us Alabama guys can be popular on the tube😂, congratulations
I think you should name the geese John and Clarence, after the Anglin brothers that escaped Alcatraz.
yall should have a wall of pictuers of the animals in the fishing cabin with there
if you don’t have any animals named Tom and Jerry yet, you should name the two geese Tom and Jerry
Been here from day 1
Name the geese jack and Jill
One of the Best parts of the week.
There Canadian geese so Ricky and Bubbles would fit them perfect 🤣
I think the Geese should be named Linus and Lucy.
Name the geese Holmes and Watson!
Pebbles and Bam Bam   for the 2 gooese
Two geese should be called Peace and Freedom
:)
Letsss gooooo pondy vid is up btchesssss
Terrance and Phillip for the canadian geese names, from the canadians in south park.
Like the vids ceap up the good werk
Adam and Eve  is a great name
Canadian Geese....call then Bob n Doug Mckenzie
You should name the geese Luffy and Zoro b/c the are the are strong and protect there friends
Don't forget to seed invertebrates like clams, ghost shrimp, snails, crawdads, etc!
It's looking great!
I love this series, it's very entertaining 😄
It’s crazy how long yet fast this journey has been. Digging out this pond (lake) started a couple weeks before grad school started. I just wrapped up my courses for my second of three terms this year and the fish haven’t even gone in yet. What a journey this has been thus far!
Oh no, I miss the intro!!  Sunday nights aren't the same without the friendly "Folks at Home, Welcome back"!
Geese names ; Capone and Al (if there on Alcatraz name them after a prisoner)
Bruce the goose and deuce the goose
How about Lucy and Goosey for the geese.
Name them Tim and Horton after the canadian coffee chain
Canadian Geese, likely on their way back up here to Canada. The geese could become a problem as they are here.
let's goooooo!!!
Love this show!! Can't wait to see this pond stocked!!!
I hope you let your subscribers come fish your pond!
65
name the geese Gussie and Gabble
put yellow perch in
I love making something to eat and sitting down to find a new pond video
Best YouTuber is bamabass all day great work
we love this channel and its context.  smiles.
romeo and juliet for the geese
Name one of the gesse "honk"
Name the geese adan and eve
how are you gonna plant a citrus tree in a place where it snows?
3rdminute!
I think Ricky and Lucy would be good names for the “Canadian geese” Canadian viewers would get it 😂
Name the geese “ maple” and “snow” because they are Canadian geese.
Yes!
Already know this gonna be a good vid
Love this! 👊🏻💪🏻💪🏻🤗
Cobra and chicken
You should stock a little bit of tilapia they are great for feeding big bass
I'm so jealous where I live we got more snow
It is after midnight here. Was just on my way to bed. But I couldn't wait until tomorrow to watch this. I love your channel so much. It's calming
Let's go the pond looks amazing
We Back Baby
YeeYee
Best pond series’s on YouTube
Geese should be named Gosling and Anser
This was the best series on yt I’ve ever seen:) keep up the good work 👍
The pond is looking so good man! Lovin the bass pond build. Yall have done a great job on er
Keep it up man love the videos!
Been waiting for updates
I still remember the day you started making the pond we have all stayed here and we are glad it went well
I genuinely wish this pond would be open to the public. The chunks that will come outta there is gonna be astonishing.
Stopping everthing for this!!!!!!!!
Hey love your videos
Bama
Yessss!!!! I love watching this channel 😁
Let’s go man been looking forward to these videos every week or so I look for the upload keep it up man!!
Love the videos man!
You should make a rock corner in the pond in about 2 feet of water for crawfish to hide and spawn in ur 5 acre pond and...  also build a smaller half acre pond nearby and make it only a foot deep so no fish live in there, then alot of frogs and crawfish will spawn in there thus then traveling nearby to the 5 acre pond, this is why ponds near creeks always have good bass because the creeks traveling  forage always restocks the pond naturally, also ducks would love the shallow pond, also forgot in the half acre shallow pond you can stock fat head minnows so the bullfrogs and crawfish have good food.
Keep up the good work makes my day then you gays upload a video 📷
Gotta find a way to kill that green
Looking good
Second!?
Nice bro ive been watching since the start of this pond
Time to sit back and enjoy!
first
Let’s go!!
Letssss goooooooooo I been wating
Best pond series on YouTube
Let’s gooooo
Great video I already know
Hi
First
amazing video
Yes new video!
Love the pond vids
WHOOOOOOOOOOOO THIS SERIES IS AWESOME
Second 😎
First
Things are coming along, Absolutely love this series! 🤘🏻
First
Yes!
First
First 🥇
1st!!!
Hi
First.
First
First again
First
First
LETS GOOOOOOOOOO
