Thanks for watching! If you’re wondering about the most unusual basement Professor Roger Burrows found, he had this to say:  “It bends belief what’s in some of these. We found one example of a particularly colossal dig with two swimming pools and a beach. A sandy beach. And the pool had a wave machine.”
“No one can be successful unless they make the life of everyone around them a nightmare” 5:40 This is a worry about so many things in capitalism
I think these basements are madness, apart from the obvious chaos, mess, and noise during construction, the risks are huge, with collapses very possible either during construction, or later on. Those buildings would have been constructed to incredibly high standards, and the foundations meticulously prepared, only to be severely compromised by this nonsense?
Sounds great! I wish we all had more underground basements
I’ve always wondered & fascinated about underground basement mansions. Especially in these big cities because the outside space is extremely finite & expensive but you can just dig lower under you’re property.
I don't see the problem? Everybody has basements here. If people want to build basements, let them? If noise from the construction is a concern, then grant the construction permit with a noise limit condition.
The 5 cent solution, foam earplugs.
All I see are cool underground rooms. Are they considered bad for being below the surface of the earth? One down is OK,  2 down sketchy, 3 sinful?
Roger - chip - shoulder?
I didn't see one thing in this story that showed how basement expansions harm anyone else's property. seems like people who cant afford it are just complaining to complain because of jealousy or entitlement (you decide)
So…. Why do you care what rich people do on their own property with their own money?
If they want to undermine their properties who are we to stop them
There was a house in Richmond London that completely collapsed after the basement foundation was dug. What they should worry about is what’s under the basements.💀💀
Short and sweet.
I worked on these properties through the party Wall act. I’m surprised it’s not more generally known.
Boohoo rich people are being out-riched.
The vid could be more expanded…
It's a great idea (it explains why people in the UK have white complections due to lack of exposure to sunlight).. If the water table would allow it, I would love to do it. I don't need extra garage space for cars (Personal underground parking is popular in London. Reference: Havona House -- Notting Hill).
WAKE UP LONDON When You get the Above Ground Possibilities Wrongish.  People Build Underground.
Based ment
So to add home equity in London, digging downward is a good idea. 👍
Uggh, terrible background music. Unoriginal, everyone does it, it’s distracting, and adds zero value.
Didn't a court order Robbie Williams' builders only to use hand tools because the vibrations from large power tools was shaking neighbour Jimmy Page's Grade 1 Listed property so much that the building was in danger of suffering irremediable damage or even partial collapse?
You actually misspelled 'Newcastle.
So far they showed the types of basements on London's flats and where are they located, and my guess is what causing the sewage to seep in is how they were built, and was hoping Vox would confirm that, but, perhaps a lot of organizations have answered similar questions but Vox *didn't...*
If you're rich enough to afford a "megabasement" then you can afford  Membership of the finest Sports/Fitness clubs in town, which will have a much better swimming pool..
Question: what are the restrictions to building above ground?  How much you want to bet this was incentivized by regulations.
welcome to the undergound
🇲🇽🇲🇽🇲🇽👌👌🇲🇽🇲🇽🇲🇽
Brian May is correct. For those who might not know, the addition of basements subtracts from the overall total ground space that water has, which increases the hydro-static pressure of the water against the foundations of the remaining structures. In other words, the amount of water in the ground roughly stays the same, but the available space the water has is less. This is a formula for a disaster. It can only be explained by incompetent and/or corrupt regulators in government. No civil engineer would approve of such a design. It's a nightmare.
These aren’t basements. These are bunkers disguised as basements.
I hope May has a place to stay after this tragic disruption to the simple life he wants to live. 🙃
Whoa,,,
Don't build or buy a house with a basement in a flood plain. Isn't all of London in a flood plain??
Phil's back!
Well it seemed like a good idea at the time
And this is supposed to explain something? Maybe I missed something 🤷🏽‍♂️
Get over your envy...
My nan would call that a greedy mole
Ha ha inequality==London so funny that the rich are complaining about the really really rich.
I'm more concerned about what the rich are getting up to in those basements than their ecological impact. Could there be networks? Would be a perfect way to traffick things and people
Wot, no walkthroughs?
fire ur music guy
Colin fuze has a video doing this to his back yard and garage
building basements is the least problematic thing wealthy people can do
And yet Birmingham council won't let me get a loft extension
I’m definitely not rich but if someone wants to build a basement then let them. Too much complaining and moaning.
I  don't know how the peasants of the UK live under kings and government rule but here in the US if its your property you do what you want.
@:55 "you'll find underwater playgrounds..." Certainly you mean "underground playgrounds"
As europeans are completely averse to verticalization, the result is that people who have the power to circumvent rules in a hidden way end up verticalizing downwards.
Well that's screwd for future public underground work
Whats the problem? Seems cool to me . At least its out the way. Sound more like people are jealous
May be underground basement evolved when Colin Furze create first bunker project a while ago.
The expert being named Professor Burrows is perfect casting for a basement doc 😂
feels like an unfished video
Wow I dind't aware this
It wouldn't be blighty without the dungeons.
Ariel stanley robinhood dr evergreen terrace  evaluation please .
What is the evidence that basements are causing the flooding? This was never explained in the video. I live in Ohio USA and literally every single house has a basement and yet there is no problem with flooding here.
you may never know what they were hiding there
Eat the rich
RIP Vialli
A lot of the people on grand designs are not super rich
The music while the speakers are speaking disturbs and distracts
Tenuj není v těch plánech na úřadu zakreslenej...  Mám tam i tři Curlingový dráhy... Po večerech tam trénuju s kámošem a z Mexika... Chodí tím tajným tunelem :D :D :D  Taky jsem nevěděl, se v Mexiku mají rádi Curling :D
ultimately they should just let people expand upward, again a problem of poorly thought out regulations.
a bit too short - it gives no further discussion on why it's a problem, is it the connections to sewage, or anything.
Let them eat each other.
London is already a low lying city along what was a river floodplain, isn't it? Any basement would be below the water table, wouldn't it? Kind of a foolhardy proposition.
Poor rich people 😢
They know what’s coming.
London is not a real city. It only exists for money laundering.
Sorry but I cannot see my basement on the map.
what a weird video that didn't even explain anything
I want one
am...so what?
There are many comments here which reflect my own thoughts:  where's the story here?  People building basements isn't a story.  Even if it has some good production value.  (Except for the music, which was at times so loud that I couldn't quite understand the voices it was playing over.)
First time thumbsing down a Vox video 😂
If you can't build up or to the sides, I'd say building down is a good compromise. The government just needs to be rigorous about giving permits, but since these are rich people, they probably have a sound structural project. I really don't see the problem with this
This episode was generated by AI 😂 very full of nothing.
"Because of rich people following the rules and building underground its not fair"
Underground mega basements are awesome
RIP Viali
It has been going on for years. Back in the nineties, I worked for two construction firms. Both of them did general construction work and some large-scale development contracts. One of them (the last one) sometime in the early 2000s got a contract to excavate a single floor basement somewhere in Kensington. Within a year that was all they were doing and the company had expanded to be able to do three or four at a time. Some of them are mindblowing. one that springs to mind was three floors down and had a two-floor atrium with an elevator and an underground waterfall.
Guy Ritchie had a secret tunnel dug from his home to a courtyard and garage further down the road. He had to pay a huge amount of money to a school that his tunnel went under.
Hope all these homes get flooded with regular folk poo without affecting the regular folks homes
And these people need a tax cut!!  Now!!  😂
Explainations (non exhaustive) 1/compromising old buildings' structures is always risky, especially when houses share common walls 2/ clay undergrounds are very unstable already and can cause structural damage by themselves, and it's getting worse with climate change cause the amount of hydration in them is changing, therefore modifying the structure, etc 3/ sewage systems etc aren't big enough now in big, old and dense cities, with few technical margins to improve or at a very high cost. Also linked to climate change (rain patterns and their intensity are changing) and the lack of surfaces that are able to absorb watter when there's buildings, roads etc everywhere.  Super interesting video but it's true that if you don't know about all of this specific context you'll miss the point(s) and it lacks a conclusion. Wich could be that it's bit because you're able to be that filthy rich that you can do whatever you want and compromise other buildings and cities sewage etc network.
Wait this socioligist investigating excavations was named "Burrows"?
They failed to mention if the basement walls are thin it could collapse and taking the building with it.. and how they have to divert the ground water elsewhere causing flooding on different locations. Or how basements themselves can flood if the right precautions are not met. This episode was trash.
Why the London Burroughs give permits to basement constructions, is the question! The basement construction codes must reviewed and all basement constructions must be put under very strict scrutiny.
🤑
Hmm. I thought excavating within 3m of a neighbouring building, even for footings, required that neighbours permission? Maybe the rules are different when you're loaded.
i got suckered into watching this whole video expecting an explanation on how the basement expansions caused the flooding in Freddie Mercury's home.  this is video is terrible.
25 millions to live like a rat!
Mancini led Italy to win the Euros final my g not Vialli 😂
BORAH, not BOROW. If you're gonna do a video on London at least have the respect to pronounce things in the local lingo.
I feel that this video is incomplete. Not the quality I expect from Vox.
White people doing white people things. What's new?
What about having a basement excavation and construction to build plenty of rooms down to B5 floors. also they will be all built for studio rooms divided by entire basement sizes. isnt it innovative ways to get rid of housing crisis ? also some lighting access to B5 floor residents should be granted and a critical part of a building design. HVAC systems to provide them fresh air down to B5 floor also be granted. I am looking for the best building design with the best lighting access for entire basement floors ranging from b1 to b5 floors
I'm glad I left London 20 years ago.
Did the neighbor seek approval to sell the home for more?
Wait until they find out the US has had this for decades
that was not useful, hardly any real information conveyed. Bad video.
As much as I sympathize with neighborly construction woes, this video was as unsupported on it’s premise as you can get.
Yet another reason not to live in a 2000 spaghetti maze rat cage
don't really care about London but i do relish the idea of the concrete in these basements starting to rot, groundwater seeping in, and eventually structural collapses becoming a regular occurence especially when London stops being this international center, yeah unlikely in the first few decades but inevitable in the long run, history has never allowed major world centers to just stay at the top, eventually London wil lose it's apeal,   I imagine that eventually every supercity might as digitalisation removes the need for many to stay in expensive crowded cities,  then after they leave the construction companies wil downscale because less people means less construction, rich people wil take their chance to expand their homes, offcourse, but by half a century later These major cities would be downgraded to having maybe a million or two million people, most of them the poorest who couldn't afford the by then much more expensive larger homes in the countryside and more pleasant smaller towns and cities, asside from the historic center and the current super rich area's perhaps which likely would form even more exclusive gated communities for them, intercities kind of
This video is all fluff. Without any explanation on why the basements are actually bad, this video is just fancy editing with zero content. Why am I supposed to care about this NIMBY battle in London? How does this pass editorial standards at Vox?
"The haves and have yachts." Good show sir. Jolly good.
LOL i live in Canada and alot of people have basements im confused
luxurious underground bunkers for the greedy rich
So glad that Vox will devote time to talking about wealth inequality between -checks notes- different levels of obscenely wealthy people.  What a great use of time
Ummm, did someone forget to attach the second half of the video?  This episode is incomplete
I've wanted a super basement since I was like 5 I swear
ICEBERG HOUSES are another term for Super Basements.
'Trans national elites'...code for trash from Russia, China, and the Middle East..
I haven't moved past you thinking Freddie needed to be mentioned so we'd know who Brian May was.
These Vox clips always lack any substance or purpose, I really don't understand what they are trying to achieve or demonstrate. Increase the length and add a purpose.
This feels like the wrong final edit was uploaded. What caused the flooding? Why is noise pollution an ongoing problem and not just a temporary one? Why does it matter if people spend their money on improving their homes? Very poor Vox video.
Although I don't see the main reason related to the flood and basement, I feel that building a basement that is too big and deep is not good for the environment, I think if everyone builds a mega-large basement the foundation will not be strong, The foundation I mean is the surrounding environment, if it is too deep there will be no root place for trees and soil is also needed to balance the environment. But i dont know if it is technically correct
When we try tell Americans that London is not a representation of the UK, this kind of wealth difference is what we're referring to.
A very shallow feature. Where are the cases for why these basement extensions are problematic apart from noise complaints? Not much detail.
I have very little sympathy for these rich people in London being upset at other rich people for causing noise pollution. How is this at all relevant to the average person?
Jealousy is the only info this could project.
This was good. I wish it had been longer.
The rich complaining about the wealthy. Their land to do as they please on them. It's not detracting from the streetscape so let it be.
This video basically explained nothing
Another Vox video that raises more questions than it a answers. I learned that a lot of rich people have dug basements under their homes. So…?
I can't help wondering if this is going to cause a sinkhole problem much later down the line as well. Here in Maidstone we've had a rash of sinkhole incidents over the last few years, opening up in the middle of new housing estates, parks and even smack in the middle of main roads - and we're talking, like, 20ft deep, 10-15ft wide sinkholes, opening up in a matter of seconds and taking weeks, if not months to fill in and repair. It happens because in many parts of Maidstone there's a network of locally-known but unmapped underground mines, built way back in medieval times and then permanently abandoned. Speculation is that decades of rainfall seeping down through the soil and rock into these long-forgotten tunnels is making the ground above them more porous and therefore unstable.
The filthy rich nightmare.
He does have permission but Viali didn’t do build it…
Here in my state, basements are extremely common, probably due to the tornadoes. It's weird to see how a common addition here is a luxury in other countries.
Sociologists speaks about anything, being not expert of anything.
Not surprised it draws less attention visually. Super rich buy everything because inflation makes it so only the rich can afford anything.
i feel like this isn’t as much of a problem as you make it seem
did y'all make a gta map of london for this video
rich people cray
Once the clay barrier is broken, flooding is not just easy, it is inevitable.  They are purposefully destroying an entire area? city? by their willful greed.
I live in the área, I see no problem at all. And so what people are trying to make their houses better?
Bruce wayne probably has one of these
so basicaly a video complaining that people have to build basements because they cant get permision to demolish and rebuild the house
Don't old cities have a huge problem in building subways due to running into ancient ruins? I wonder how this phenomena plays out in this situation
We've seen a lot of this in Denver as well. Nowhere to go besides down. We've been doing numerous basement digouts every month and its not showing any signs of slowing down.
So basements are bad because construction annoys people?
Good for them. These basements look sick. Sounds like there's just a bunch of haters for no reason. It's their money and land, not yours.
Not understanding why these basements are so "bad" and why the music and setup in this video makes it sound so problematic. Is it simply because it's people of wealth doing things that others can't? Seems like a good use of space.
simple uu can have your cave if you hand dig it with no outside help
“This is Queens Freddy Mercury” now forget every about him
inpaindaily
I learned that rich people are building basements, and other rich people don't like it, all set to spooky music for some reason.
wait, you didnt even explain why basements are bad... Even if i grant that basements cause the flooding at the beginning of the video (because it was never explained),  Why cant i simply attribute that to poor construction practices, rather than basement altogether?
Tartarian mudfloods
So what? They like basements and they are building basements. They are allowed to do so. I don’t see a problem
Why cant you build up?
KANSAS tho.
I love when Elites are divided!!
I don’t have compassion for super rich. Tax them!
thw Solution: London should stop being the laundromat for the rich such as the oligarchs
Basements have always been a part of standard house contraction where I grew up, in Canada. It was only recently I discovered most homes in the US do not have basements. I suppose this has to do with costs, primarily, as well as the need for warmth from the earth, and perhaps population density and having extra space for excavated dirt (spoil).
What’s the problem with that ?
They should all be buried in there lavish basements….
It took me a few seconds to realise that Gary Oldman wasn’t part of the topic…😅😳
Anyone can add a basement.. it's an addition? Where is the evidence that the basements caused the issue in the first house? Maybe from sewage backup due to a pool exceeding sewer capacity. Seems like an issue with the sewer?
The haves and have yachts. That might be my favorite word play of all time.
Everything humans do , makes things worse
This was a lovely topic, too bad you made it very shallow.
Why not ask the people who approve/disapprove these officially. That way, we will know the pros and cons instead of "lets hate rich people for building basements". Why not build one??
WHat was the point of this. Rich people expand their property downwards, because they aren't allowed to change the exterior. And now?  Where is the problem, why is there a problem? From the presentation the only reason why it is supposedly bad is because neighbors are upset that they don't have enough money to build their own basement. And jealosy is not really the fault of the people building basements^^
I fail to see a problem
Not quite the most insightful video ever....
Newscastle?
william gibson last couple of books
Unlondon
Sounds like some sour grapes 🍇
This episode was absolutely pointless, bit of a shame really as Vox usually does good stuff. The topic is super interesting but not enough research gets you these results. Empty journalism
All i got from this video was "i want a mega basement".   Whats the actual negatives to the community, did brian mays house really flood with sewage due to basement building?   This short video just told me "rich people are at it again" but didnt really day much more
Peculiar...
What is the problem? Haha
Okay, I can understand building basement levels within your property footprint, but how do you get permission to extend the size of your basement beyond your building footprint unless you have purchased the below ground rights from your neighbours? This aspect was not explained properly at all.  Mark from Melbourne Australia  Yes, basement development is occurring in Melbourne as well.
Some houses have even collapsed when they were trying to extend them. These houses are also called iceberg houses, because the basement is bigger than the house above ground. They also have car collections underground, not just swimming pools.
And what's the problem now? Actually I find it a good thing to go underground instead of building higher and higher buildings in a city as they are very problematic.
Maybe they are preparing to live in their basement bunkers once the nukes fall on London. They’ve been preparing for this…
☁️⛅️                ☁️  🚁 _______________________________________ |                                                                      | |                                                                      | ________________________________________ |                                                                      |  |                                                                      | |      MY UNDERGROUND COMMENT       | |              SECTION REAL ESTATE              |                       |                                                                      | |——————————————————————| |                                                                     | |                                                                     | |                                                                     |                                                                      |                                                                     | |                                                                     | _______________________________________ |                                                                     | |                          I’M RICH                           | |                                                                     | _______________________________________
There nothing wrong with this there are laws against changing the appearance or hight of your home building a basement doesn’t affect the appearance of a home or change the way the neighborhood looks. As long as it’s not interfering with city water sewage or power who cares what someone does to their own property
So what if someone wants to have a basement.
I am sorry I had to stop watching. The background music was too distracting.
I would love a mega basement!
The venomous vulture progressively comb because basement coherently thank for a holistic packet. wandering, ragged organization
Blame the urban planning than, it wouldn't be a problem at all if it was able to build up.
Well, the reason they're building (or built) basements with multiple levels is because that is the only way they can expand their houses! London has stringent historical and height restrictions that preclude expanding upwards and the lots are too small and or restrictions too stringent to expand upwards, thus really the only option is to expand DOWNwards!  This critique seems more like a bashing of the bourgeoisie!
We can call them rockscrapers
Let's build massive basements in a soaking soil of London. It's gonna work. Trust me 😄😄😄😄
In most of Canada there’s basements. It’s energy free air conditioning. Sometimes a 9 degree c difference from upstairs to basement
This is also really a thing in Amsterdam. The 400-years old houses that are famously built on wooden foundation poles are also built with shared bearing walls. If one owner (read: investor) excavates its building, it's neighbours almost have to join in or risk uneven settlement of its property. This way complete streets are being undermined and many monumental buildings/interiors are being removed. A second but huge problem is that the soil can hold less rain-water and drainage-capacity, increasing the risk of flooding (which in the Netherlands is a real concern). This has probably happened at Brian Mays' house too I guess (the video doesn't elaborate on that)
so what caused the flooding?
Felt like this video never explained why basements were bad? Because rich people are bad? It's not really suprising that wealthy people like in the biggest city in the fifth largest economy in the world, is it?
Rich and wealthy are building basements because they have money. What's the problem with that Vox are just gonna criticize everything a rich guy wants to do with his money. Let them enjoy the wealth they have accumulated for themselves.
My heart breaks for all you brexiteers who welcomed corrupt russian oligarch money. They are now building basements? Boo hoo. The tory party is steeped in dodgy money. Please shut up complaining. You are all corrupt too.
Londons Earth-Scrapers
The actual problem is London tries to conserve these residential areas like a museum. This has not much to do with super rich people. Other cities also concentrate mainly on preventing new housing to be built -> this is what you get. Berlin for example restricts  massively the mass of housing to be built. In a growing metropolitan areas this results in a shortage and rising prices.
First info vid I've seen that was pretty much info-less...
I can not think of an area I would want to live less than in between these so called well offs. 🤢
Not one photo?
The homes in Aspen CO's west end are ALL BASEMENT and it's...super weird you're thinking, this is a pretty room in a bunker's bunker. I made it, I'm a berjillionaire, let's dig!
where did they are putting all that dirt?
What an absolute waste of my life that was, such an empty episode!! Sack that reporter!
I was expecting more about how the basement excavation leads to more flooding but nothing beyond the small blip at the beginning. The episode seems incomplete.
Imagine being upset with what someone is doing with their homes
Not sure what the problem is. Let people do what they want with their homes. If corners are being cut that causes issues, that's a separate problem.
My heart weeps for these mega millionaires.
So?
That was a kind of a go nowhere video.
Thought you’d at least elaborate on what exactly caused the sewage flood. You established nothing other than “noise pollution”
Totally ridiculous to lead with Freddie Mercury
Why start this video the way you did and then not explain it at all. Terrible
Londoners don’t let them build basements! You guys live in a flood plain that will only get more floods. Your best bet is to either A) Raise your entire city or B) change the Victorian zoning laws and build upwards.
Building basements is the result of income inequality??  What a rube.
You make the accusation, "mega basements in London are causing flooding in neighboring properties".  You give no how's or why's. No corroborating information. Is this problem correlation or causation. Construction is noisy, but that is for a limited time. A temporary issue and the planning board is right to continue issuing permits. Any proof do you have of one causing the other is lacking in your video. I do hope Brian's guitar collection is safe.
Gianluca Vialli rules.
what part of "its good to be rich" is confusing
Such ominous music
I really don't see any issues with wanting a basement.. To be honest I'm surprised we don't build down more often then we do now, I'd 100% build a mega basement.
It's not your land, so it's not your problem. If someone poorly builds and hurts your property, sue the individual as they don't have the right to do that. However, why would you call on changing laws just because a few people have problems because of it. Again... IT'S NOT YOUR LAND!
So very rich people are mad at super rich people. Yawn.
Can you vilify success any more.   Being poor is not noble, nor is being wealthy evil.
When the rich get upset with the super rich
Do they cause flooding cause theres less places for moisture and water to go to? As in they are water proofed and the liquids build up and flow around them?
There’s no granite under Manhattan, it’s all gneiss, schist, a little bit of marble, and a tiny, tiny bit of serpentinite.
Well that was uninformative
Basement gun storage?  That must be pretty rare in London, or at least rare to hear people talking about it...
needs more explanation.
Elysium
Allready seen this, years ago...
This video felt like it ended in the middle.
Vox just wants you to hate the rich, it's obvious. Despite every high up working there being rich...
Yes, the problem isn't even analysed properly but jfc Vox - it's Newcastle, not "Newscastle".
Well it's illegal to build up beyond so much, you only have the footprint of the building so... Yea they go down.
This was useless. Dramatic music, rich people doing rich people stuff and a musician highlighting the impact of the digging on his home... Where is the science?
I think that this is extremely cool! As a child I always imagined my dream house underground where the windows will have screens outside and I can project images of mount Everest, a nice cliff, the sea and so on... Plus if ducking Putin is about to start a third WW you are essentially leaving in a bunker :)))
Until these houses, surrounding streets and blocks collapse.
Are we meant to feel sorry for the rich?
I was waiting to hear what the connection between basements and flooding is. I was left hanging.
When the great flood comes….
This is just like normal people dighting over the fence or the overhanging tree just for ultra rich.
this video was a complete waste of time they just explained that there was basements in london but not like explanations of anything
Would have been nice to have actual footage content of these basements
Literally building hobbit holes lol
What is the issue? Nobody can see them. If you have the cash, why not.
I think mega basements are a good thing, I see where the problems lie but once in place it's a better way to keep temperature regular
What song at 4:40?
Am I really supposed to feel bad about a rockstar millionaire’s mansion
You can’t have one rule for some and another for others. If a council allowes basement excavations then anyone who applies, within the rules and policies, should be allowed to build one.
eat the rich
These mega basements are a good idea. In addition to the increase in space, you would also improve the stability of a building that's built on clay... If it's done right. If not done right, you'd have flooded basements, homes collapsing in on themselves, and some buildings would "capsize" - lean over into other buildings.  This has given me an idea that could make a LOT of people happy. If it pans out, I'll start vlogging it later this Summer. It involves an artificial hill or two, improved living for rich and poor alike, and horses... Lots of horses.
interesting problem, badly explained
Some musician thinks his basement flooded by another dug out basement.  Do you have a hydrological engineer instead of some guy who plays an electric twanger?  What are his views on global warming, while you're at it.
i hope those basements have some thick  concrete or somethimg to stop water comin in... dont like basements just for this reason.... water always finds a way in.
What is the problem?
Re: Transnational elites.            Now all the BNPers are going to be pointing a finger and laughing at the rich old stock Britons and laughing..."How does it feel!?!....Looks good on ya!!!"
Meh rich people problems. Who gives a toss
Florida is Built different I haven’t seen a basement yet in the state very common a bit more north though seen a lot out of state I just put it on the sea level we go down we hit water
TLDW: Rich people are being inconvenienced by super rich people and Vox’s Chief-Editor is in the former group.
0:53 "Underwater playgrounds" 😂 That's only in Brian's house dude. 🤣
Video concept: Find something the rich do, add ominous music. Done! Clearly this is evil!  Seems like a pretty good solution to add volume to homes in pricey and constrained neighbourhoods to be honest. I'd be surprised if anecdotal structural problems couldn't be overcome with increased engineering experience.
You present the situation. But you don't explain why it's a problem. So why is it a problem to excavate basements?
Didn't explain why is bad
Half of a video, try to make a point next time.
No, the trend is not dividing any elite people.
Empty video with yet another sociologist rushing to empty conclusions. Get an engineer, a geologist, place some facts here and there. All this was, is a video about rich people annoying rich people, and somehow it always has to do with inequality
A very, very poorly made documentary. Seriously Vox…
"the haves and the have yachts", sums it up
Awful video, no direction, no resolution
I happened to be at a Planning Committee at RBKC in 2016 where Brian May was arguing against a neighbouring basement development
you blame the flooding in the basements on the basements because its the basements fault for flooding?
i've wanted an underground lair for 30+ years.  as someone who hates light and heat (yeah, i'm weird), it seems perfect.  plus, it's way easier to not be bothered by other people when they don't know you're there.
WONT ANYONE THINK OF THESE POOR RICH PEOPLE!
great topic but the video is incomplete.
☹️
PAINT IT BLACK!, Oh no wait, that's stones...
i hate queen, and by extension brian may, so can i just say: lol owned
Well, dat's the madness of London. You pay £25m for a 4 bedroom detached house. But only a 250k for a 5 bedroom barge on the riveer.
Let them build🥰
You know you could just let the city build up.
dpressing and silly trend for the confused
1:09   layers?  or lairs
I would have liked it if this video had explained why other people excavating basements made Brian May's house fill with *sewerage*.
Maybe some legal reason this video is so thin?
Well you didn't showed how building massive basements has something todo with floodings or other damage. Its quite exept the opposite, filling clay with concrete should stabilize the neighbourhood?
I think we have bigger problems on ours hands than basements in London
You lost my sympathy as soon as you said rich and super rich. If they can carve out a palace underground, they can pay to keep the water out.
Many people in the comments are saying they don't see how building a basement is a problem.  First of all, London has narrow streets.  Construction leads to not only a lot of noise, but also a lot of inconvenience, as well as smells.  Your neighbour wants a bigger home, so be it.  Yes, but often in London, nobody even lives in those homes.  They are bought up by speculators who build a basement, and then flip the house.
How tf do you dig under a house without it collapsing. Come on Vox, give us answers
See Grand Designs on BBC about a basement house in London.
And?
Calling a winebar and private cinema in your basement a lair is a bit much innut?
U mean London's rich , there's no such thing as human elite
Could at least have spelt Newcastle correctly...
One glaring thing left unexplained is how you can build your basements “out” and under your neighbours? How is this allowed if you neighbours own the land under them.
Not this makes me think of SCP-1678 aka “UnLondon” which is underground copy of London but I also remembering an old stereotype of Londoners living underground due air pollution of the Industrial Era. Or could by from “Red Dead Redemption 2.”
Any 7 year old, has thought about this.  Just we don' have the money to do it.  Just live in CA.
London elites are the Dwarves from Lord of the Rings.  You’re walking down the street, see a stuffy miser with a pick axe.  He’s putting a water park next to his under ground gold vault.
You can just mention Brian May as his own without Freddie Mercury
What are the odds that someone who studies basements is named Burrows?
Poor from Vox standards
I really didn't get why you mention the video call at the end
Feel like this video is trying to make basement expansion a bad thing but I can't see any negative. I think this is absolutely fantastic!! There might be certain building requirements met but that's a job for the code enforcement committees and you're only going to get that if you do more of the kind of construction you talking about
Should have called Ashville Aggregate
Wow, what a fantastic video about nothing...
Love these architecture videos, but they are all too short!
Basements don't cause flooding though. Brian May isn't exactly a hydrogeologist...
Let me know when someone builds Aperature Labs (4 km deep anyone?)
poor ritch londoneers
What is the soundtrack used between 0:00 and 1:10 because it hits different
Kindof a story without a story...
It's horrendous. They're carving out carbon sinks too
sounds like secret basements
Ummm, what’s the point of this video?
very interesting. i am just amazed by how people can come up with these ideas
I will never understand the problem with inequality
What a horror, "they were building basements of ANOTHER SCALE", "well-off neighbourhoods were becoming EXTREMELY well off", as ominous music plays. Is this video a joke or something?
100% worthless video.
This is very sad for the semi-rich.
Mo' Money Mo' Problems
Do they build underground pools due to London’s horrible weather?
Isn’t it the case that you don’t pay taxes on the livable square meter you build underground?
"The dwarves delved too greedily and too deep. You know what they awoke in the darkness..."
"Newscastle" lol
This is the problem Jimmy Page had with Robbie Williams I think?  He didn't want his house put in jeopardy by Williams.
Sending positive energy your way Italian soccer guy
CANT see the problem ?
Very poorly done video with only surface level content.
Seems like money is always King and the rest of can go get stuffed. What a world we live in hey ?
obssessed with the thriller intro
Everything Box does is about inequality. Boring.
how tf do you make basements so dramatic
Given London has got extensive underground such digging may result a whole house sliding underground.
Jimmy Page his been trying to stop his neighbor Robbie Williams from building a basement near his historic home for many, many years.
Didn't get why building a basement creates iniquity...
I just finished the video and yelled, actually yelled out loud, "THAT'S IT?!?" I thought I fell asleep at some point and didn't realize it.
In Portland Oregon with one river you can have basements yet 2 hrs away in Eugene City with two intersecting rivers as a flood plain you can't by these same reasons.
I think the main story for me is that it's possible to find data for things like this.
It’s going to cause sink holes ugh
Bet he's made people's life's bad as well like he said you can't be successful unless unless you make other people's life's bad
Wow this is what I mean English people lol u all need to fix up wow
What a weird problem 😂
Seems like a start for lore for some distant future SciFi novel called "Living Under"
All your basement belong to us. hahaha
Oh just let the superrich drown in their own filth, where is the problem about it? Let London be overflooded with sewage, nobody will miss London........ You can bet on that one!
Such a meh video about rich people complaining about their richer neighbors 😂. I thought this was going to be about the environment or something.
I don't understand why would you want to build these things underground. Why not just buy property and build your dream home elsewhere. There are so many beautiful countries where with the money you spend doing these silly things you can build mansions with great views and far better climate. Nowadays you can work from anywhere in the world
Wait that’s it? Where the rest of the video?
So what's wrong with them, since the outside cant be changed, people dig underground, noise pollution is the biggest complaint about the basements? But outside renovation would produce a lot of noise pollution as well... Overall video is incomplete and useless
Wow, that is SO COOL! Had no idea London had all these underground basements.   Probably also makes for a great bomb shelters in the event of war as well.
The "haves and have yachts" needs to take off as a meme NOW! lol
won't these parts of london become a sinkhole one day?
Here only because of Brian may
It’s Newcastle University, not Newscastle University!
While it’s less common in the US big cities, we have some in rural areas. I went into a house for a football player and his basketball player wife. It was average big, nothing fancy. We went downstairs and they had a small home theater on one side, a second living room and a bar in the back, but on the left there was a play room for their kids with double French doors. Go through those doors and it was a workout room BUT THE WORKOUT ROOM WAS A LOFT TOMA FULL SIZE BASKETBALL COURT. My jaw dropped. Had no idea that’s what they had down there. Very cool.
and...? Why is this dangerous? What are the problems? Why did the basement got flooded? NIce introduction, but why isn't there more to this?
This explains “Colinfurze” latest project
I don't really like basements, it has a tendency to collapse or water leakings. But I guess the rich babies doesn't care about that.
For everyone complaining this episode felt empty, the New Yorker did an excellent deep dive into this issue a few years back.
Once London was  dirtiest city in the world
Really hate the editing on this one. Had to pause and go back. Last animation doesn't let you see the full sentence.
if you can't build up, build down lol
Imagine being able to afford a house next door to a millionaire digging a mega basement and having the nerve to complain about wealth inequality. If you got the cash to dig a hole, go for it.
How did this answer the question about the sewage?
So what's the issue? Rich people bad is all I got from this.
I can't wait until all of these flood. My hotel stay was ruined by one of these next day.
*Professor Brain May
They prepare for The Cycle
"Gianluca Vialli helped Italy win the Euro 2020 final". Against who exactly? Join the dots guys 😂
i always knew the rats lived uunderground
"Because the neighbors didn't like it" well then the neighbors should've bought the property themselves, until they come out with scientific studies that confirm the basements cause flooding. That doesn't make any sense, to me.
Ah, so what you’re saying is that the problem is that there are too many rich people.
Is this a preview to an actual episode…
Now I can finally build my batcave in London
Glorified tombs
There is whole London under London. Not surprised.
5:37 I've watched Japanese films more clearly than this.
Up next: Millionaires complaining about billionaires making their neighborhood more expensive.
Hmm... I'm just wondering if this doesn't compromise a building's foundation, or something like that...
I didn't even know you could build a basement after a house has been constructed.
and the point is???
What is this? I got lost what’s the problem?
How did a basement cause Brian May's house to flood? Also it's their money they can do what they want with it.
This is what you get when you pass such strict regulations about what can be updated or changed on the original above-ground structures. People want more space, this is all they’re left with.
Ive got a pool and spa in my basement.
You were speaking about the footballer as if he had died, I was expecting his house to collapse on top of him in the video of him or something…
If they only own the land underneath their house how are they possibly able to excavate outwards?
Some places, like florida, just can't HAVE basements. Maybe London doesn't support this.
Sounds like the government officials in London are getting paid off to keep these permit going.
You spelled Newcastle wrong.
This is a unfinished basement … story. (No explanations of whether allowing these basements actually creates any problems. Best I can tell it creates only more construction jobs and more tax revenues.)
They just getting ready for zombie apocalypse
So what about Brian May? Did he get compensated? Or did he have to sleep in a van while people laughed at him? This could be called a loose end.
Those poor, poor millionaires. I wouldn't want to return to MY third mansion to find it flooded! I'd have to take my private jet back to my country estate to wait out the repairs in misery.
Also lol at the professor being called Professor Burrows
The video ended and I was like “that’s it?”
A side effect of the crazily restricted land and home regulation in the UK.
Basements are make wonderful underwater coffins when sea level rises….
Did anyone find any remains of Roman London ?
Wow. Pointless video. Explained nothing.
Doesn't basement dwelling expose one to radon? People could be rich, and could have mega basements, but I wouldn't spend time in a basement if I don't have to.
Don't become Vice! Finish the story! Actually communicate an interesting issue! We know you can do better (to the writing team)!  Just showing edgy content of rich people being rich is what Vice does.
Have and have-yachts is the most amazing phrase. Thank you.
The Have and the have yatchs!
Where's the other half of the story?
Don't exactly have a lot of sympathy for wealthy people whining about temporary noise and air quality in a city.  Try being poor where it's a permanent feature.
How do they dig for basement? Dont they have foundation of pillar of house once they did? You cant dig the surrounding of pillars or the building can collapse.
By what definition is the rich spending their money, wealth inequality? The rich being rich is inequality all be it when compared to poorer people but seriously how does spending money = inequality
this video is like... a trailer of a video, really. Feels... lazy, unfinished. Or tik-tok influenced. That's not what I call a proper jurnalism. :/
There is literally nothing different than regular construction issues. Vox really has nothing else to complain about
Imagine living in a country so poor that a basement is a flex.
sounds like a great way to launder money
Is that a theremin playing during the end credits?
This video did not answer the question: what is the problem with building basements? It's the construction noise only? Why does it cause floods in the neighbours houses?
Clay absorbs water. Over the past twenty years or so, a vast tonnage of subterranean clay has been removed from concentrated areas of central London in order to hollow out spaces for huge numbers of enormous basement developments which are of course necessarily heavily protected against the ingress of water from the sides, from below and from above. These hollowed out spaces are now so numerous that their unavailability as an absorbent clay substrate results in previously unknown instances of heavy flooding in several areas of central London as seen in recent months. Owners of properties in these areas with undeveloped and thus unprotected standard/original below-ground elements (lower ground floor flats and of course basements) can expect to see their insurance premiums rise and their properties' values compromised. Vox seems to have only grazed the subject in an uncharacteristically lightweight piece of investigative journalism. A ggl search reveals almost no references to the subject at all and the likelihood of any serious research into this issue is very small indeed because it would lead to the exhumation of very accurate historical records of all the numerous specific individuals (owners, council planning officials and construction managers) who would've signed off every single one of these myriad basement development works and constructions and one suspects they would not like to have their names in lights.
The haves and the have yachts! I need to remember that one. 😂
I’m left wanting more explanation or more conclusion... why is there no conclusion?
Vox is sewage
But why is this percieved as a problem? If someone wants to, and can afford to dig under their own land, they should be able to. If anything it's increasing property values of the surrounding homes so I'd imagine the neighbors would be benefitting also.
Nothing new then
So the government enforces a rule where you cannot change exteriors so people dig underground. But they can only dig underground if they get the approval of the government. So perhaps a solution is to allow people to modify the exteriors of their own property and make sure that any underground work is properly engineered and any hassle to neighbors during construction is properly compensated for, and make sure the owners have adequate liability insurance in case their construction causes any future problems. I see the problem if there is one as being at least partially because the government is trying to limit property rights.
Just envy in silence.
Well, at least, when the revolution comes we'll know where to find the rich.
But no, obviously trans people existing are the real issue... /s
First world problems
Call me radical, but I don't see the problems with basemenst. Even large ones. As a structural engineer, I think it's fascinating that we're able to build under a house. Also, it seems like only multi-millionaires are complaining.
Can’t wait to get super rich to buy one of these.
So rich people with money decided to build basements in their own property. I’m sorry, why this is an issue?  If it’s affect your neighbors I understand. You do the testing, if it’s all good, insure the whole project and go ahead.
thats cool and all but how do they cause flooding
Did I just watch a ten minute video about basements?
this feels unfinished.
We still don't know why dirt enters the houses, though.
Did you guys see the documentary on the lady who wanted to do a basement? She wind up painting her house like a candy cane because of the next-door neighbor kept refusing.
Why don't they just buy the house next to it and connect it internally?
The only thing I learned from this video is that Londons elite have super awesome basements.
I’m from London. And you hit the nail in the head. Constant constructions. More lorries in the roads during the day have left to massive road deaths between lorry drivers and cyclists, it needs to stop.
It's always rich people's fault   Just admit you are jealous and move on with life, mind your own business
I feel so sad for these poor rich people that have to endure this behavior by the mega rich. They should collectivise. Either that or wait till some of the wealth trickles  down the basement.
Vox I thought you were better than this! Youre operating at vox 2017 in this video, not 2021. Theres still five minutes missing from your video where you give a proper conclusion as to what should happen!
AKA Bunker
who car
I dont see any problem here... If anything, it creates jobs for a lot of workers in the construction sector.... They have permit, engineering drawings, consultants, studies.. what the problem ?
not a very great video, which is unusual for vox
This video is an example of form and editing over substance and actual content.
This is like my parents place in the city.
All these basements, especially in the Chelsea area rely on the Thames Barrier during storm surges.  And with rising sea levels and an increase in storm surges, the barrier is starting to proparly push it's limits.  They have a limit on how many times the barrier can be lowered in a year. Bet most of these expensive houses are not even owned by natives to London either.    There is a show called "sinking cities: London"  which taks about the Barrier, also New York for that matter.
Would've been nice to see an actual "mega basement".
Nice story. Point about inequality is weak, if at end of building stage geological experts and architecs conclude that new basement doesn't have negative impact on anything why not do it?
Boo hoo
Sorry, correlation does not imply causality.
So where's the rest of the episode. Seems like they have up half way through ....
Please don't show this idea to those money-launderers who steal money from developing and poor countries and transfer it to a tax heaven places, such as the UK. In this way, they can plunder as much as possible and can live a lavish underground life without eve manifestation.
Weird ending.
Umm. So what does Freddy Mercury has to do with this??
Not your best work Vox.
I want this
those evil underground lairs!!! lol
The haves vs the have yachts!
What I learned from this is that Vox thinks rich people are bad.
"professor of cities" that is "not an architect, nor a planner." your opinion on this topic is useless then
Pretty sure that "Newscastle University" is supposed to be "Newcastle University" - right?
Absolutely fascinating
Those bassement are beautiful. I don't understand why Vox is making a rich vs poor story out of it.  Ok yeah you and I will never have the chance of having such pretty appartements and yatchs and whatnot. So what? We're gonna start crying on the internet?
Don’t demonize construction. That’s the quickest way to dehumanize humanity. We will always rely on new building principles.
Wow so bad , this is a joke right ?
Inequality doesn’t matter. Only economic mobility does. I don’t care how rich someone else is, I only care about having the ability to be rich/richer myself. Whenever someone proposes a solution for inequality they’re really promoting a scheme to reduce mobility.
did you think the poor were the only ones that would be left behind by the rampant capitalism?  hahahahah thats not how it works!  Capitalism boils up to one person.  Eventually one person will own everything of real value while the rest of us fight over the scraps.
Where is the real problem?
And…….
Who cares?! Jesus, seriously this is basically a mini documentary about wealthy HOA neighbors whining about construction in their multi million dollar neighborhoods. I wish I could get the last 6 minutes of my life back and all of the sudden I am compelled to start digging a basement 🤣
I'm surprised that they didn't try to do this during the cold war
why are this video feeling so incomplete ? 🤔
Very bad episode. Storyline was not smooth. Also, audio levels were not set properly.
Vox has begun making some really dull videos of late. Who really cares about rich people building basements?
Bond villains with underground layers.... Got it.
Vox: rich people have what other non rich people don't have
Boo hoo.
Why would you invest millions into a project that destroys the foundation of a home? Pray to God no tremors or earthquakes destroy all of those homes.
Oh no, people want to build basements 😐
Nimpn! Not in my posh neighborhood!
what song is being played at 4:22 ? I need it pls.
What London elites? Pakistanis, Indians or the royal family?
Why there is no much intense evil music
don’t see a problem tbh
Redo this please.
I'm still confused on the problems of these basements, could we have had a better explanation on those? How are they causing flooding, and what examples of basement related collapses have occurred in London?
Poor workmanship on Brian mays own basement was to blame
The nerve!  How could they *do* such a thing?
So this 'Report' on the subject is really just a hit piece on people spending there own money on there own house and how some people don't like it.  You did a horrible job getting only one side and not all three. Home owner building, home owners in area, and the state.
maybe I missed it but they never actually say why its a bad thing, no evidence that it caused the flooding mentioned at the beginning, nothing. I don't understand why its a bad thing or positioned as a bad thing.
As long as qualified engineers approve it, there’s no wrong
Hey, what’s the bg music calledv
Talk about first world problems.........
He's the professor of logic down at the university of science
Rich people complaining about rich people.  Not terribly relatable.
Literally, this video is about hating the rich. Why not learn from them instead of being jealous?
If you have to think whether you should buy a yacht, you are not rich enough 😉
Okay?
Well... when you consider there's no room to expand sideways in London ofcourse you're going to build a basement under your basement.
I think London is ripe for another firestorm
So neighbors are quibbling about noise pollution from their neighbors building basements? It clearly didn't cause the flooding or else you would've said how/why
So they fix buddy basement or …?????????😐😐😐
It seems like every Vox story is about rich people (generally white rich people) being a problem.  Apparently they are causing sewage backups?   But no evidence presented for HOW these basements cause this problem.
Rich londoners are basically building their house like they are playing minecraft.
and the value of the surrounding homes goes up as well. because of their basement potential too. the video literally said the Same thing as in writing this in the last few minutes. deal with the noise for a year or 2 and get more money for my possession even though I didn't do any construction yet.   let me find my tiny violin 🎻
Does anyone else find it humorous that his name is “Burrows” and that he studies these underground dwellings?
OhnOooo
Mind your own business.
Nowhere in any of this did you explain why this is bad... So people with money are spending that money to improve their lives within the restrictions of an overbearing government... That to me seems entirely reasonable. It wouldn't be happening if the government wasn't overbearing.
And they're gonna flood.
Did I miss part of the video?? Why are they problematic?
The only real complaints were noise and pollution from the construction. That really isn't a problem once everyone has a basement. That's just how it is in a city, you have to constantly build anyways. There was nothing said, that linked the basements with flooding or other stuff, it was just claimed by one, who probably just wants an excuse to blame other people with more money than him.
This whole video was very poorly insulting to the viewers, the scary music and unsubstantiated claims, seriously Vox are your standards dropping this low?  You used to put out good content.
Ain't it funny how the super-rich always manage to find a way to completely ruin everything for everybody, every time? It's like they were born for it.
Hahaha I think vox missed something here. The Italian football teams manager’s complaint. Italy beat England in the Euros final. The English planning committee might’ve held a bit of a grudge 😂
Covered much better in video called ‘wealthy neighbours at war’, they actually show the damage done to neighbours homes
Did the video explane why the houses can not get any more floors on the top (in order to avoid digging the ground)?
Where is the next part of this video? It feels very unfinished.
You know, that's actually a nice initiative. Keep the rich underground so that they don't take our space on surface.
All in all, I think this is a good idea.  Just be respectful of your neighbors.
I live in a basement.  Any Rich London Elites want to buy it from me?
This sounds awesome, I'd make one if I were super ricb
The rich get snubbed by the super-rich.  Now, that is rich!
Delightful that you had a Mr Burrows on to discuss this topic.
Whats the problem ? 🤷🏻‍♂️🤷🏻‍♂️🤷🏻‍♂️
But isn't it a good thing to build down and 1. Not create a high-rise mess. 2. Affect the street-scape. 3. Save energy with an underground building? I didn't get why this was a bad thing. Annoying neighbors during construction? Happens above ground too.
That was a great first half to a video!
I came here to seek for a reason what mistakes were and are made during there excavations and i got zero answers. Only stuff about class inequality.
Basements are a common occurrence in any High Population Density metropolitan around the world, I live in Delhi, India and have seen 1-2 basement floor..
Newcastle university rather than Newscastle
So they prepared for some kind of zombie apocalypse (panic floor)..
You should also discuss why the council approved the constructions in the first place (is the construction safe?) and why it causes damage to the area
Wow that was half baked.
In the area where I live now there are very few basements due to the soil from what I have been told. Where I lived as a child my family had two different homes that had basements. Though the basements were fun, both of them flooded multiple times. One was corrected by channeling rainwater away from the basement door. The other one was corrected by installing gutters on the back of the house. We had long suspected that the flooding was due to the hill behind our house. However, some research surprised us telling us otherwise. Also, I lost my electric train due to basement flooding 😥.
I always say this to people lol... Just build down.
Imagine you wanted to built an underground/basement but While you’re building it, you discover and accidently break someone’s basement/underground.
I blame Colin Furze
what a joke of a video, the whole thing is framed as if these massive basements people are installing are some kind of issue when its really just the city planning permission not allowing people to update their homes. this whole thing was like 7 minutes of empty commentary that tries to strike some political note but it isnt even sure what note its trying to hit.....
All that printed money got to go somewhere
In philly they are finishing basements and building additional levels on top of row homes. If the residents respected the aesthetic of the neighborhood but they don’t. Now the homes are so mismatch it looks so bad.
It’s more of a civil trend than architectural, architects won’t know a thing about substructures
This was a very poor video from vox
Smart that Vox started with Queen… who wouldn’t click to watch!
California will be next.  Building density and height limitations are killing the lower classes.
Great idea! We need to protect the Earth! We need to go underground to save the world!!
you didn't really dig into this topic vox ;p
That is a bad the of social demagogy. Money makes money, and not letting people build basements will not make poor people rich in any way. It will make London poorer, which will effect some middle and low income people. If there is more property in the area, it boosts tax income, shops, restaurants income, which effects the seller, waitress, etc...
What a lame video
two things:  1. You didn't say anything about how these underground lairs are causing flooding.  You didn't mention how they affect infrastructure, what catalyst caused legislation to stop basements from being expanded, or even what happens to all of the clay that is getting excavated. 2. And more importantly, are we not going to talk about a man who is studying these super basements, and his name is Burrows?  C'mon son...
They never actually explained how Brian May had sewage in his house. They just said because mega basements, as if that's an explanation.
some people dont have enough to eat, some people dont know what to do with their money. thus is life, never equal and never fair.
This probably  mean's the corrupt Elite are ready for Armageddon.
Well when London floods-they will all be underwater , so no worries mate.
Brings a whole new meaning to the term "you live in your mom's basement".
I feel like this explanation piece had little actual content...
this was very dramatic you just forgot to explain what was the big darkness and mystery around london basements
I am no builder or architect but you wouldn’t want to mess with your foundations no?
There needs to be government supervision over those construction sites to be sure theres nothing sketchy going on and they’re not just using dirt to hide the evidence
neighbors always know best, imagine having a construction site with deadly equipment and no supervision, hmm no corruption will happen here!  *bones mixed in the dirt and dump truck loads*
It makes you wonder what they’re really doing down there
Colin Furze has one too lol
I just have one question so when they expand their basement doesn’t the property tax on thier home go up because the value does.
You could've just said "Queen's guitarist" without having to put Mercury for no reason. I think Brian May is famous enough to not be the shadow of Freddie.
I don’t know where Colin Furze lives but…. Ahem!
So what's the point of this video is there any problems  All you shown is what are they building underneath
As a kid I've always dreamed about a tiny house on top of a giant underground lair. Looks like the rich are just like me, just a lot richer.
I don't see how this is an issue though? like this seems like a very reasonable way to build more space and create room, I get that while it's being made it can be an issue but that's literally any construction project in the world, like once it's finished how does it hurt anyone? this video was very intresting in theory but very poorly explained, I ended up considering this to be a smart way to create new room without destroying architectural landscapes
i don't get how building basements are causing floods, are there no proper drainage systems in London?
It's Newcastle come on get the name right at least
this is an incomplete video. we'll be waiting for part two like its tiktok
I just can't get over that his name is Burrows and he's studying Boroughs
These houses with mega basements are called "Iceberg Homes" or "Iceberg Mansions"
Burrows... Kinda appropriate name for the professor 😅
I always like the narration/storytelling style that Vox does.
Psalm37
Wow, human greed has even swept into the soil.
Piano song?
why only 6 min?
Isn't the UK almost one giant archeological site. I thought digging was extra monitored and regulated. I'm floored.
Gun Stores? But they’re in London.
Professor Burros do a piece on underground basements. The irony.
is this satire
Late stage capitalism sure is a blast
Oww I see.
this didnt explain why the basemnts were flooding or anything???
inb4 vault tec becomes a real thing
Oh the horror.... how does anyone survive in London? There are some very basic truths the Brits don't seem to understand, just like the liberals in the USA.    If you over-regulate housing, you get all kinds of such strange excesses, housing shortages, homelessness, and zoning disputes. Prohibiting any real alteration of exteriors means you'll soon have a megopolis full of unsuitable housing. This problem will easily eclipse the 'problem' that you might have to look at a home that wasn't built in the 1920s.    Why not at least allow some expansion that mimics the existing structure?  There is a huge element of envy here- a video that purports to chronicle a housing issue keeps talking about 'excessive' wealth- what any society should care about is whether anyone is in real poverty, not whether one person is well off, while another is uber-rich.   London owes it's wealth to free market capitalism, and it's lifted the lives of all brits.  And with that free market, you get different incomes.  The last guy is FOS with his 'air pollution' complaint.  And noise?  Ok so require the construction equipment to be muffled.  I can see that isn't going to stop the hate that is obviously going on here.
And?
This feels like only half of the video?  We need more!
Sorry but I think I'm a bit too poor to understand; what, exactly, is the problem?
did I miss something I know I'm not the only one thinking I didn't see anything wrong with the basements
Ok guys, I'm unfollowing. Literally I'll watch my grandson make some presentations because he'll do a better research than throwing some stars in his power point that either posted a video on Instagram or some football manager being in a meeting.
Easy solution: get rid of government. Forget about preserving those tiny homes. Let people build up.
I can't relate to the rich complaining about the super rich,  but I CAN relate to being super annoyed by others who inconvenience others just so they can have more fun. We all could use a bit less of those
London is the money laundering capital of the world
The only problem I see here is incredibly stubborn and foolish regulation of exteriors and height limits of buildings. Basements are a clever solution to be encouraged.
Where I'm from, it was originally a swamp, and still has damp ground. But everyone has basements. I would not buy a house without one. What on earth are they going on about in this video?
I think more explanation and less over the top mood music would be better. Why is it a problem? Are there alternatives?   This video feels like a tabloid article. Sorry - I'm generally a big fan of your videos though.
to be honest if i was super rich I would TOTALLY want an underground lair maybe not in london, but still
3:50 He said ginormous. Ginormous. Is that a word now?
Here's the world's tiniest violin playing a song for these poor rich people. 🎻
Really rich are by definition mentally ill hoarders.
In the Philippines, everyone feels rich now because there are always floods during the rainy season
Fascinating!
Lol, you see the Standard basements take a huge hit but the Large and Mega basements are virtually unaffected. Does the planning office take bribes?
I find it oddly satisfying that his name is Burrows.
Shame on you VOX, trying to create conflict between people instead of trying to resolve conflict and fix our world.
Aawwh that's so horrible! How on Earth will those poor people survive with noise pollution around one of their homes? This is an outrage! We need to donate money to help them
Why the eerie background music? 😂
Why bother? The sea will flood london. It will be Venice.
If you start watching the video from 5:00 you could be fooled into thinking this was a 'Top 10 spooky stories of footballers who mysteriously vanished' video.
Doomsday bunker?
ARIZONA HOMES HAVE BASEMENTS AND EVEN DOUBLE BASEMENTS TO ESCAPE THE HEAT, WITH GLOBAL WARMING IT MAY BE A GOOD IDEA FOR EVERYONE TO BUILD UNDERGROUND.
Was good video but didn’t see anything about why the initial house flooded nor any footage of how these basements are constructed 🤷🏻‍♂️
excellent
this video sounds so similar but rich ppl have batcaves in their basements woopdifucking do
So there's no end conclusion to this video I guess, more questions then answers
This is depressing.
Phil could be a stand-in for Gary Oldman…
The soundtrack for this video should have been a tiny violin, or it should have ended with that Katy Perry meme lol.
I think their all turning into skunk cellars now... 🍁😂
oh vox you miss the battle between jimmy page and robbie williams about this subject!
Well...that was boring.
To be honest most commercial buildings in London have a basement if not several floors below ground. Not a stretch to imagine millionaires doing it. More floor space on the same plot of land. Just gotta be careful of sewers. If you're lower than the one in the road, you've gotta pump it up. Pump fails? Flooding!
As many others have pointed out, my heart aches for the rich being pushed out by the super rich.   They get no sympathy from me, maybe come and spend some time with the proper working class and see what struggling really is like
Really Vox? First world problem.
Diversity for thee, literal mega luxury bunkers for me.
i love how media in portraying more and more that being rich is bad.
This is such a pointless, empty episode
Who cares?
The far-left complaining about people doing whatever they want with their money? Not surprised. Those basements look super cool, you should prob try to make a video on how they're built or why the home prices rise when there's a basement (which does provide value to the neighbor's home). Vox, do something more informative and interesting please, other than just b****ing about other well-off ppl.
so rich people own cool basements, so what?
Somehow I am not feeling sorry for any of them...
Interesting topic, but I wanted to know more about the actual basements and the problems they cause, not how rich their owners are or where they live.
I'm really confused. Although, the topic seemed really interesting, I just felt that the topic wasn't well studied and  explained. 🙄
I feel so sorry for the rich, they must have a tough life
What episode is this about exactly?
ah, rich people problems
This video was bad. The content was empty and the music was extremely distracting.
Someone dropped the ball on this video
What does that have to do with the basement flooding in the start of the video? Aside from disturbence during construction and jealousy afterwards this video failed to explain what the issue with this is.. so their building lavish basements and it makes a bit of noise for a couple of months, is that it? Is it causing flooding in neighborhoods? Not clear from this video at all! Interesting topic. Awful piece.
What's the intro about bryan may flooded and the basement, any connection? I'm confused
Gun store? In London? Storage space4 firearms? Shooting range?
Lame. Report on something with substance.
this was a very inconclusive video
A very interesting topic. I wish this video was longer though and gave more information about it and the impacts of these basements
Maybe cause we have the capability to drop the sun 15,000 times
Vox journalism isn't what it's used to be
Omg. I want to know more about this
this information is useful,in case of zombie apocalypse we know where to find hidden weapon and hidden bunker
This channel has fallen so far. Did we really need deep dramatic music over people complaining about home renovations? NO, no we did not.
All London is fit for is , visiting , the place always stinks of drain's ,
Smacks of H.G. Wells’ Time Machine. Only, it’s the rich who’s going underworld.
Great video
Don't let people build up they will build down. Not that surprising.
This video didn't explain why the basements were bad at all.  Classic vox, "look at what the evil rich people are doing with their money, it's wrong".  So their neighbour's don't like the construction and Brian May's house got flooded because some one didn't do their work properly.  This doesn't seem like a problem to me.
Vox forgot Part 2,
When you want a McMansion with lots of  underused space but can't bulldoze away existing buildings on the plots of the neighbourhood you want to live in... I find it rather absurd but not really a problem.
smart way to add more square footage, good for them.  No harm, no foul.
eat the rich
They aren’t as ground breaking as they think… kids have been doing it in sims since the basement option was invented🙄🙄
Very little substance to this video.
So when are they going to tell us china is coming with nukes
What was the point of specifically mentioning Freddie Mercury? Everyone knows Queen. And no explanation was given for May's flooded basement. Still well made video, just don't see the point of that.
So the whole issue is construction is loud and it annoys home residents?
Woohoo the rich and extra rich are ruining each other's lives! About time, this should be fun to watch.
This mini doc seems incomplete.... Is there more? @vox
Yeah, that probably won't happen  on the the Gulf Coast in the US, too much sand and hurricane/flooding.
why not build additional floors up instead of megabasement? i dont see the appeal or advantage
Nearly fainted when I heard “lead guitarist” as “late guitarist”
Interesting story as always, but VERY DISAPPOINTED that you never looped back to explain the sewage incident
Side note, why does Vox care how people spend the money they earn?  I'll bet the owners of Vox aren't living in trailers.  Let's see their houses.
Voxplaining basements.
Oh, now there is no sound For we all live underground
This is Freddy Mercury. He has nothing to do with this video. This is Brian May. Nope, nothing to do with this video either. This is Brian May's home. Zero relevance. This is a fuzzy video of an Italian footballer who played before most of you were born. Niente.
I love vox and have a lot of their videos already bookmarked as curriculum I intend to reference while teaching Highschool next year online for free. Thanks for being amazing sources of factual information.
What a half cooked video
I always love vox videos. Very interesting content, perfect arrangement, great info graphics and very good presentation.
You're reporting on this like a decade late. Maybe you should also report on Obama running for his second term. Or the Greek debt crisis.
Is there part II? No conclusion? No explanation from authorities?
I love the coincidence of professor "burrows" talking about people digging for basements
That was 6 minutes of me not knowing any connections between anything mentioned there
Thank you Vox for covering something outside the US/Canada! Great content as always
Gianluca Viala did not lead Italy to Euro 2020 victory (in 2021 as was delayed with covid), it was Roberto Mancini
This is such an “empty episode”. What are the implications of building basement? Factual evidences?
Is it me or does Roger Burrows sound a lot like Jony Ive?
another proof that UnLondon exist
So..wealthy people in London want to build exquisite basements. How does this harm neighbors the environment or people who live outside the ultra rich neighborhoods.
Basements. Clearly this is the next great issue of our time.
I was waiting for the explanation about the link between slude/flooding and the basement building but I still dont get it from this video.
Levels Jerry! Different levels, no furniture, lots of pillows!!! Levels!
L
is that it? I thought there would be more to the story. good video tho
There are cases where the street and some houses have collapsed or sunken into the dig sites. It would have been good if you'd included those or gone more into detail about the construction issues and engineering risks.
I'd buy mega large speakers to match the construction noise.
This was an almost pointless video.
rg
It’s all about the taxes the city can collect
Mind as well bury 6 minutes of my time down in those basements too
Hey everyone! :D I hope you stay safe and have a nice day, God bless you! <3
Is granite rock under NYC really such a problem these days?
Sewage at the beginning of vid  Me: interesting..I wander why-  Vox: *Deception 100*
Imagine the impossible logistics needed to be employed for harm reduction while you are being responsible for a number of children born to you in quick succession while being married to a man who has to have everything his own way. Like him refusing to build any child proof barriers on the way to an underground swimming pool. How could a person get anything done besides changing diapers if you didn't hire a live in nanny to do most of the mothering for you? Then how would you cope if your controlling husband when you realize what you are up against then insisted on him doing the hiring of the nanny next?
This feels unfinished...I watched a documentary on this a couple of years ago and thought that there were movements being made to stop this.  Would love it if there was more on this...what happened to the people who highlighted the damage being done?
might be a trend too given climate change,  i'd totally dig one of those,
Something about this video feels like it's lacking substance
'The haves and the have yachts' ... haha, good one
I think it's brilliant. It keeps central and historic areas alive- and not just that, it actually attracts a lot of investment, while preserving the architectural character of the place.
BUILD. MORE. HOUSING. It is GENUINELY that simple.
and of course his names is burrows!
My anxiety and claustrophobia wouldn't let me spend time in those fabulous basement rooms.
"Here's a 24p video of some football coach complaining about noisy neighbours in some council session."  What's the point of this episode? Rich people are mad, because other rich people are renovating next door? Cry me a river.
Kensington and Chelsea borough is also the one that stopped normal people from riding their bikes through London, just ask Jay Foreman
I wanted to see more of the damage it was causing, I need a laugh.
never understood the western culture. everybody's house was caused noise and noise pollution during construction. just because now that one lived in a house we starts yelling that our neighbors could not rebuild their house?
The video is missing a major point: Why is basement excavation so bad?
would be easier if you let people build above ground but i guess middle and working classes would feel bad
Interesting subject, but this video seems half baked. Plus, what a weird way to end it..
Amazing that a man whose last name is Burrows studies...rich people burrows
What’s with the evil music 😂
Legitimately surprised anyone lives there anymore - get the impression it is a hole for Russian oligarchs to dump their money in...  I looked at moving for a job a few months ago, but literally zero chance I could afford it...
Meh, let the rich drown in each other’s filth
I mean what did you expect. You can’t change or do nothing outside or go up. You have no say underground so under they go.
Ok, and?
I guess I dont see the big deal in this...
IS THAT A DMC DELOREAN BEHIND PHIL!!!!
This video explains how rich people like building basements and that some people don't like it. Other than that there was no further discussion on why it's a problem, its connection to sewage, or anything.
KYLE RITTENHOUSE IS NOT GUILTY!
Also, correction - the professor is from Newcastle University & not New(s)castle University
So did y’all interview the man? I mean this is the news…I don’t want a cliffhanger in the news. Do I have to wait till next week? Previously on the news?
Colinfurze😶😶😶🥺
I love that you showed Freddie Mercury so that Brian May would seem more relevant.
I don't get the point of this video. Some rich people are mad because their neighbors are renovating. Okay, so?
This does happen in the US. People just call them "bunkers" and dont tell anyone.. and certainly do not map them..
So poor Londoners live in council tower blocks with panoramic views of the city whilst the super rich live underground. London is truly broken
this is basically what happened the first time that The Sims introduced the basement tool
"Transnational Elites" - interesting terminology.
You owe me 6:20 minutes of my life
I think I’m also missing something. Why is this bad for everyone around them? This video failed to talk about why this is important. Otherwise it just sounds like the “grass is greener complaint”.
Do check newly released Icebergs, Zombies and the Ultra Thin: Architecture and Capitalism in the Twenty-First Century, by Matthew Soules
Not a great article in truth felt week
Would have been cool to like.. SEE some of this.
brian may is not dead
This felt like a half done video
Is the guy researching megabasements really named "Burrows"?
Okay, this is kind of interesting, but I wish I learned more about why this is problematic besides the obvious of it causing a lot of noise for neighbors during construction
This sounds like something Jay Foreman would talk about.
I legit thought that Gary Oldman was doing the interview
Video seemed unfinished.
Yeah, in as much as I can understand that finding your home flooded by sewage is horrendous….. I find it hard to feel any sympathy for a multi-millionaire moaning about the damage considering he (Dr Brian Harold May) can definitely afford to fix the damage without ever blinking and this is probably one a couple of homes. He’s worth £210 million, has property in London and Surrey, drives 4 different vehicles ….. Sure, he’s definitely without a shadow of a doubt earned his money. Yeah, it’s a pain to sort out this unfortunate incident but I’m sure his insurance company will take care of things.
I am pretty sure that some of them have their private dungeons in their basements where they keep their enemies or slaves, but of course I cannot prove that.
Any explanation for the ominous music?
The haves, have yachts, and have spaceships!
Yikes
I feel like this video could have done a better explanation into why basements are bad. In the US, there is still noise and unhappy neighbors when someone does construction on a home. Why is a basement worse than any other mansion? Is there a long term negative effect to having a basement? How did the basement cause the flooding? Is it just people complaining about the noise?
POV: you saw a house in your neighbourhood and are wondering where the swimming pool is in relation to you.
It's almost like they know the uprising is coming and are preparing to hide.
Vox just create another channel for architect to already, call it Blox.
I worked on the owner of man city's house about 15 years ago. He wanted to build a private entrance to his house underground and the council quoted him something silly like 20 million thinking it would put him off. It didn't.
They should go to space
The law of not changing the outside of one house is because are city is older than the usa. History
You can tell it's American coz no self respecting Brit would need an introduction to Freddy and Brian. Thay are queens
Basements are causing nightmares for everyone around them? Y'all nuts.
basically there’s two reasons why this is bad: there’s less space for water to be absorbed into the ground from the top, meaning it is more likely to push into basements or pipes. when it rains and the water level rises, this water level can flood into basements, bringing sewage with it
For several years I lived in a nice home with a nightmare of a basement. It flooded frequently, often from bad drainage and sometimes from overly-taxed sewers. That was especially nasty. Given the choice I'd never again live in a home with a sub-level.
Always learning something new through these YouTube videos! Sad that this is creating problems for others but interesting that it’s even possible in an established city like London.
Yeah, we are all heading towards a Hollow Earth. Probably will be able to meet a _Kaiju_ one day 😅
Seems to me that the writers at vox are insecure about their small basements
I'm still confused. Is there a problem statement? Is it a problem that someone has enough money to buy a big basement? Are the basements causing flooding?
The peasants are revolting!
This was a very poorly developed topic. I didn’t get the point at all, except blaming rich people for… building basements? That’s essentially what the video is saying. What you’re then implying is that the construction of basements leads to structural damage of some sort, but the video says nothing as to how this happens, nor does it provide any evidence.
This one of these videos that end way too early. I was so ready to learn more about the topic
Wow, so you moved into a rich neighborhood were people can do lavish people things and you dont expect them not to? Also i would rather people build down then up anyday.
The fact that they literally just bury the diggers under the basements because there’s no way they can get them out. Archaeologists of the future are going to write papers about it. It’s mad.
it easily solvable by issuing permits to build upwards, it even raises the value more, i mean balcony with airflow is million times better than lavish mancave
You can add basements after the the house been sitting there for years?  How to excavate?
How much did the house at the end pay for this video AD?
I’m glad this has no liberal type of politics. Just cool facts and history.
Is radon gas not really a fear?
Explains Colin Furze's Bunker
May be they are preparing for WW3?
May god destroy london
1:38 “It’s free real estate”
distasteful... disgusting
Newcastle university. Not Newscastle 😆
I bet they don't have anything like I have.
Want this video to be longer.. 😅
For those not based in London. The May story, his basement flooding, was caused not by mega-basements, but rather some extremely heavy rain that caused the sewage and drainage pipes to burst in various places all over Kensingtong & Chelsea. It flooded Portobello Road, Notting Hill Gate and a few other high streets. Basements flats and basements in general are always suspect to flooding issues in areas with heavy rainfall. Really a better framing for this might have been a story on that rainfall and the other adverse weather that the UK has has over the last few years due to climate change and how the UK, a country that has historically had little cases of adverse weather, is now slowly struggling to cope with extreme weather events.
“London’s elite are building underground lairs.”   … why am I not surprised in the least.
This episode was no Grand Designs, if that's what you came here for
What a pointless video lol
The half of london owned by the duke of westminster 😂
So at the very end we hear noise and air pollution... While that is annoying, I fail to see why this was framed as a terrible terrible thing?  Can we explain how these caused flooding??
You really bombed with this video.
Newcastle University is my alma mater
a true story from the most notorious nation in the world!
whats jim gorden doing here?
The Gentleman!
These wealthy people disregard plain earth science just to make their properties more luxurious.
What an atrocious interview. Not only do they not explain the cause of the sewage. I've never seen an interviewer that is supplying the answers to their questions within the question. Leading questions will give you exactly the answers you're looking for.
for the next video, we will explain how Britain rich by pillaging, killing and exploiting the rest of the world in the 16th century.
I think that's where harry potter magic land is hiding!
Ahhh 5:15 his recommended videos look eerily similar to mine
Kind of funny seeing the rich basically complain about how money is being used to influence and create an inconvenience to others less fortunate. That aside, I find their basement trend kind of interesting in how they're used and styled, but it's the Charles Booth map at 4:12 that really fascinates the geographical information cartographer in me. Thanks for posting.
The Have Yachts are out here playing Fallout 4 before London bars further digging and climate change makes their billy bunkers the most future proof property investment around.
I feel like I didn't learn anything here.  🤷🏽‍♂️
Not my concern. Lol
All this did was make me want a super cool basement. What’s the problem?
Professor Burrows. Of course
I've missed the point of the video? Super-rich spending money?!
I wonder how many poor children are trapped in mega-basements...
Vox did you deliberately bring up Euro 2021 in this video just to make us sad again?
They have too much money.  Tax it.
People do this is the Silicon Valley as well because you don’t have to pay property taxes on the space and the value obviously goes way up.
Who cares? Bunch of nimbys.
Soo why are basements bad?
hiding wealth off-shore, burying it beneath the ground - some ppl have too much money if this they are ruining whole neighborhoods like this
Am I the only one that noticed that Professor Burrows works at “Newscastle” University instead of Newcastle University?
Well that's terryifying for a few different reasons.
If private citizens are doing this (all be it RAF ones), image the complexes that governments have probably built over the past few decades.
Ah I saw this in an episode of the British show about people building their dream homes called Grand Designs. In one of the episodes an affluent London couple is trying to build an ambitious mega basement. Seems to me that they wanted one as a status symbol. But I didn't know that it's a thing.
Now imagine living in mom's mega basement. 🤣
Where is the evidence for houses getting flooded with sewage being the result of construction of basements? They make that claim at the beginning then go on to talk about wealth disparities and then about noise pollution for the other ultra wealthy. You can’t make a claim as hard hitting as that and then not back it up whatsoever. Rare miss from Vox quite frankly
Another “eat the rich” video from Vox
I also live  and work in `Newscastle`.
Jesus has truly helped me in my life. He is real. He is coming back one day. We all have to repent for our sins. We have to stop the sin. We have to love one another. Please turn your hearts and thoughts toward Jesus the Son of the Living God! Thank you.
1:26 it's "Newcastle" not "Newscastle"
I just want to point out that rich people paying for home renovations is actually a good thing for wealth redistribution because they are paying the wage of several blue collar workers in the process. Also it's probably best we expand vertically because horizontal expansion leads to urban sprawl, which leads to longer commute times that disproportionately affect the poor.
Well what is the moral of the story?....  Rich are digging so.....???  Isn't the answer suppose to be there in the vedio?
I have suffered the "my house is full of sludge problem", but it was not beacuse of basement stuff. It was beacuse of irresponsible pipe cleaning via pressurised air hired by the landlord of the apartment building in which I lived. It was okay, 'cause I got said landlord to pay for the cleaning of my appartment, for a night at a hotel for me while the cleaning was being made, and two huuuge meals in that time. It was not fun, but it turned out okay.
Newscastle University?
this feels like 1/3 of a normal Vox video
"Newscastle" University 🤦🏻‍♂️
i hope you keep doing videos on architecture
Imagine being an actual billionaire and thinking “yes give me 2000 sq ft of living space, underground, with absolutely no natural light”
lets hope they are in there when they all collapse
"This isn't much of a thing in America". Bro, ever heard of Doomsday bunkers?
Greed pure and simple, those houses are great as is. But the super rich always gotta have more, more, more.
Sewage in London? Sounds like Black plague 3.0
Such poor journalism. The video ended without an ending, like it was in the middle, still. No interview with Gianlucca, Brian May or any representatives from local or national government. No campaign groups, just one fella behind the study. No big picture ideas on what this might lead to. No wider commentary on the trend. It has the snazzy graphics and maps as always but little to no other production value. You may as well just provided a link to the study and say, hey, people are complaining about basements in posh parts of London, some bloke did a study on it, go check it out. What a waste of your time doing this. But more importantly, what an utter waste of my time, watching it without a well-argued or balanced conclusion. Just don't expect something so poor from you guys.
I'm not rich, at least by salary only by property value due to my San Francisco home increasing in value by a factor of about 15 since it was purchased not really that long ago when the middle class could afford to purchase homes and didn't need mortgages really (but you could go that way).    San Francisco has similar restrictive ordinances on "protecting the architecture"  one such measure requires that all street view windows be wood, which tend to cost 3-4 times more than the equivalent vinyl window.    The argument is largely there due to the older Victorian style homes, unfortunately it puts a strangle hold over all homes even my home that is basically a 2 story stucco box that was originally built in the mid-50s.    I had single pane aluminum windows,  and let me tell you they were horrible,  barely kept the air out, didn't keep the cold out, and on the south facing side rooms became almost unbearably hot (by SF standards) except in the winter (then it was quite nice).    Eventually I wanted to change out windows, one company quoted me $15k for two rather large windows (this was over 10 years ago),  I let it go, then other company came and the guy was telling me wood as I met him at the sidewalk I told him you might as well get in your car and leave then as you'd be wasting your time, the countered with "we can do vinyl we'll just install on the weekends when building inspectors aren't working"    perfect!   Got windows that look 100% better than the old ones, even though they're vinyl,  they're much more energy efficient as double pane windows with the gas in between,  and best of all it cost like $4k for 4 huge windows front and back of house.  Whole point behind this story?   Maybe ultra rich wouldn't build mega-basements if the planning commission wasn't so focused on preserving the look of the neighborhood.
Mad how I live in London and had absolutely no idea about any of this basement stuff 🤣😭 super rich be super riching
To be honest: I don't care if some rich house owner drowns in the sewage of their wealthy neighbors. The rich do similar things with poor people all over the world and think it's more than OK, so I fully support giving them some of their own medicine!
Maybe I missed something, but I didn't see any explanation in this as to how the home got flooded with sewage, nor what evidence there was that underground construction was to blame.
Not bad.. wonder how many could figure out the correlation of the schematics..!!
very interesting
Good for zumbi apocalypse
In Cologne, entire houses (and a city archive) have already fallen into a subway shaft that was under construction.  The mistake was, there was water, it was pumped and there was more water, then more pumps were installed, and more water more pumps ...
This is why city planning is so important
Can't wait till they find out about that rising sea level 🧐
2:54 because USA frickin humongous county. Why build basements when I can just extend my house as much as I need lol
Great article. London needs to get a handle of it’s grotesque property market and level of inequality.
Typical box be like: bad rich white people are responsible for everything
And? What a boring video...
One doesn’t experience self-transcendence, the illusion of self only dissipates—🎈
What’s the song at @4:24?
Thats just how i build my minecraft houses, small house, big underground.
fun fact: i used to live like 5 mins away from brian may and when i was little i went trick or treating and actually met him because he was giving out sweets haha
Can you guys make video about the corruption in Bulgaria?
Lacking any sort of substance for what could have been an interesting topic to overview without going for an angle. Just seems like an anti-wealthy NIMBY video.
did anyone else notice the text display error at 2:30 where the squiggly c in façade got swapped for a tau?
Diary of a Wimpy Kid
Vox, I hate your background music.
You divide the elites. They start thinking A little more common.
What's with the background music??
Newscastle University...? I don't think that s should be there
I didn't realize the 'elites' in London were this very common. Its like the London its close to being 'City of the Elites'.
First world problems. Vox is running out of topics to cover.
🤔🤔🤔
Def missing the hook on this vid.
i feel the video ends abruptly lagging on good info of the problems your neighbour basement give u and how
Professor Burrows very funny :)
So you're just gonna skip right past "GUN STORE"?!  Both words just raise more questions!
and thus the age of dr.evils has begun. mreowr.
you are the carbon they are trying to reduce...
The money flowing to contractors is amazing for the middle class tho
Floridians: Basement? *Never heard of her*
intereesting spyros panopoulos group has the hydrogen fuel cell based HVAC systems for powering and releasing 6X oxygen
I once met a man named boatman who worked in airline.
Here I was filthy rich I'll do this too, so many pros until little negatives. And poor people won't try to eat you when they find out what you did.
Wasted
Came hear to learn about some weird rich-people problem and got an update on one of my favorite guitar players of all time. It's like christmas morning!
Dope
I rember Jimmy Page complaining because his neighbour Robbie Williams decided to build an underground swimming pool that was affecting Page's mansión They Even went to a trial.
Cause you can't change the outside due to NIMBYs, now they want to dictate the basements they can't see too
What the name of that piano piece at 4:42?
With these basements flooding, how long will it be before these buildings start to sink into the ground.
Thats it?
Living in your family’s basement doesn’t sound that bad now
Vox usually has better content other than rich people complaining about other rich people doing rich people things.
I would think this would be a response of the World War Two Bombings.
You didn’t explain the flooding issue. Lots of cities around the world have basements, why is that causing flooding here? Boohoo noise pollution it’s a city lol New York always has construction that not a real problem give us the REAL problems. You briefly mentioned building collapse. Is that due to poor planning? Why would they create a structurally unsound basement? There’s way more to this story. Maybe y’all thought we wouldn’t be that interested in London basements but this is the internet yall here we are lol
You guys at Vox cry over everything.
Let's go Brandon! Fjb
In Toronto we call them Iceberg homes. Bad for tree roots.
Quite the invasion of privacy, that…
Because Americans choose the light
VOX you did't explain anything. Your framing of the story is confusing.
There's videos on YouTube that show you how they are built
Pretty cool, why not
Call it the Furze Effect
I do feel as if the message of this video is quite unclear & I wish it would have gone into more detail, however I did enjoy the new knowledge I did gain
Cool land ownership idea
Parasite is becoming reality.
Rich people complaining about their even richer neighbors.. Sure, it's probably a problem, but I'm not too heart-broken, honestly.
Soon London will have underground city aswell
We need to start a go fund me page to help these people out.
Burrows' name suits his studies so well.
Haves and Have Yachts is a great phrase
why didn't you go into the exact geologic detail about how digging basements causes flooding. like the should be the whole point of the video.
If famous and wealthy people like Brian May and Vially are the victims here I can't imagine who are the super-wealthy bad ones here. Or I can imagine, they are the Saudi who bought not only all London but all English football clubs and the brits allowed them to do that.
Interesting topic but shy of 7 minutes. I would have liked to see a greater indepth of the impact of the excavations on the neighborhood.   A vague video of sewage water & some Italian football trainer complaining about sound pollution in a blurry zoom is not enough imo.  I bet this is very different than regular construct. But this video fails to sell that and I'm left wondering of the potential impacts.
Am I the only one who doesn't care if obscenely rich people are inconveniencing other extremely rich people? What was the point of this video? If you're gonna take a critical stance on this basement building trend, why not bring up the fact that London is greatly divided by means of wealth and some of these people are spending millions on basements when people a couple of streets over have to go to a food bank to make it through the week?
next video: Why Germany's expanding its air-force
Vox supports rich NIMBYs. Interesting. Socialism is truly the best for ultra poor and ultra rich.
So what's the problem?
The professor is a great example of nominative determinism.
Rather rambling video - what is the real issue?  Are there engineering issues?  Public discomfort - noise, dust?  Or just more Eat the Rich?
Invasion of the Rich Mole People!
Unintended consequences of government regulations?
Hi
What was the point of this video ?
Having a lavish home with a grandiose basement would be mad
UK is lucky the don't have much of earthquake,otherwise these basement can be an undoing of their house.
One thing that stuck out to me is that it isn't merely a case of the "have yachts" causing problems by conspicuous consumption.  It is a case of building codes creating a malicious incentive.  If you can't build up, add wings to your buildins, or add extensions to the rear?  Then if you want extra space on your property, the legal toothpaste tube leads towards underground supervillain lairs.
WELL THAT WAS FUNNY
Ahh yes they do the same thing in Kensington PA
They probably gave Gianluca Vialli’s neighbors permission to excavate the basement just because he won the euros with Italy against England 🤷🏻‍♂️
How  else could the uk elites  hold their children-eating satanic rituals ?
What's with the spooky music
Every city, even historic London, needs to allow redevelopment of land as it grows. The problem in London is that the preservation of buildings is being put ahead of the fact that it's a functional, growing city that needs to acomodate population densification and general growth within a limited land area.
Hello Prof. Roger Burrows , I am a student in Newcastle University.
Hate to troll here — but this video kind of seemed to have led nowhere 🤷🏽‍♂️  Still Vox (primo) quality, just lacked on the story connections a bit…
Tax the super rich!
How about, if you want to live in a nice walkable neighborhood, you can't have a giant home.  The super rich want to have it both ways.
6 minutes didn't seem long enough, just as the subject is getting interesting the video ends.
Because there is going to be a purge of society soon and they are the first to go greed has no place in the future of the human race
What is the problem tho.
Rich people complaining about richer people.
Dont mean to be that guy, but at 1:27 its “Newcastle” not “Newscastle” 😌
How can you speak something for 6 minutes without telling anything.? -- Vox: "hold my beer.!"
You missed mentioning a great long standing argument between Robbie Williams and Jimmy Page over basement excavations.
This video is sooo good! Roger was so good too. You couldn’t have found a better person to talk 👍
I see nothing wrong here? Sounds like city people complaining about other people and those other people complaining about them. Had you try moving out?
gun store??
Digging basements in a wet city with no knowledge of ventilation seems smart.
Literally 1st world problems.
It sounds really tough being rich. Those poor poor rich people 🙄.  Stuff like this really does just fill my heart to see. Anytime rich people struggle an angel gets their wings😂.
That was more like the pitch of an article, than an article in itself.
Surprisingly vapid video from Vox. It sort of vaguely implies underground basements are some terrible thing in London but then gives no real reason why. It gives one example of a house flooding but doesn't even explain how that _could_ be due to to a neighbouring basement, never mind attempting to actually prove it with evidence.  Beyond that, all you've got is that construction makes noise, which is true of any kind of construction.  It also gestures vaguely at this being related to inequality, so sure, inequality is bad, but this isn't the thing causing it, and again it doesn't in any way demonstrate the negative effects of the basements themselves separate from the negative effects of inequality generally.  Honestly, it looks like a video that was planned to go one way, but then couldn't for whatever reason, so they had to salvage what they could and cobble together this mediocre video without any point so it wouldn't be a complete waste.
🤔 🧐....
this isnt reporting
Issues between rich and the wealthy.
1:26 it’s “Newcastle” not “Newscastle”, please correct this
NewScastle University?
Really cool but you didn’t explain the consequences of digging
🎻🎻🎻
But why builing underground floor is the cause?
To be honest this seems more like a social issue rather than a class issue
I don't get it, what is the problem here?
I’d buy that house just to get back at him for the euros and ask the builders to be extra loud and take as long as you need
Chelski
Professor Burrows writing about digging underground. That's some lovely nominative determinism!
this is the fattest nothing-sandwich i  have ever sunk my teeth into
Bad video, random start and random closing
Honestly I'm not sure this video did everything it could. Like, why should I care about rich people inconveniencing other rich people? The sewage issues are an interesting part of the story that seems to have been completely dropped, after establishing, that one wealthy person blames other wealthy people's basements for this.
This video was great at saying something but actually not saying anything.
But why did Brian May' s House got flooded?
"Newscastle University" 😕
very short, missing to many key notes in this entirely.
"Newscastle" 😂
This video fails to explain what is the real problem with this type of construction. Should I be outraged because Bryan May got his house flooded? I don't get it
So what's the problem? Rich people have money to make their life more comfortable? Ok, I can't see any problem here. Video about nothing imho.
I don’t know if it’s that americans can’t or just refuse to say ‘borough’ properly, but that was a painful watch.
London's superrich: "Well, we have our own private pool and cinema on our basements."  Bruce Wayne: "That's nice."
I find this quite odd..there are still so many "regular" people living in basements in London. Why they didn't say anything about their situation?
The only well--explained objection was that building work causes noise and pollution... which seems like a very poor reason not to expand London housing (although I''d obviously prefer to see the space used for split-level apartments rather than extra floorspace for the very wealthy).  Either way, the key issue is surely just that the improvements are well-built so as to last long after the construction has ended?
1st world problems
"The Haves and the Have Yachts" is very good
No conclusion... maybe I’m wrong but where’s the point? Rich people build basement and it’s dangerous bc of the floor materials? And other rich people complains bc it makes noise? And what happened with the beginning of the Freddy Mercury friend video ??
still thinking about that 'beautiful minecraft' book
These borough councils are so greedy that they'll let the rich do anything they want.
If you live in that region, you are already pretty rich
Bet there's an Underground station at someone's basement.
What basement digging has to do with the fluds?  I guess it has to do one and the other, only that this article doesn’t explain it.
But what is wrong with rich people renovating their homes ?
So the expert on burrowing in London is called Professor Roger Burrows? Now that is an amazing coincidence 😂
The irony of a chap named 'Burrows' studying basements is delicious .
Professor Burrows knew at his birth that he would become an expert in underground lairs
I was waiting for the video to explain why this is a problem and it really didn’t. All it seemed to be was about how I should envy the rich.
Information content on this was very low. Little about actual figures, concepts... just mostly anecdotes.
this is so interesting cause I'd assume that this is a place that don't get earthquakes or floods?
So you’re not going to explain the issue presented at the beginning of the video? Why mention it?
Oh no. Anyway.
The humidity in those basement mansions. I can't even begin to imagine.
0:05 I heard it as "late guitarist Brian May" and nearly had a heart attack
Never mind people living in basements have the highest case of lung cancer after smokers due to radon contamination 🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂...
This video is bad, based on Vox's standard
Spend a little more of the budget on the script & it's comprehensibility than dramatic soundtracks and shocking prose
Did anybody learn anything from this??? Why wasn't the flooding explained??
Oh god I’m fainting at the thought of sewage water flooding my house.
That's it? I need a follow up
Always thought London planning approval was that you can build up to 4 houses and then a hotel
so why did it matter again? like theres no connection yall just present a problem and dont state why its a problem
An art gallery in a basement seems like a bad idea to me.
I’m very happy you guys mentioned Queen although I am sad that his basement has gotten flooded and I was wondering if we could get an answer on why Brian May’s basement was flooded.
So Vox makes NIMBY content now?
Topic was interesting but the overall content felt a little bland. It didn’t expand over more than just “This is happening and some people complain.” There was also no real evidence shown for the first clip’s claim at all. Could have done better with the content, but the idea is very interesting.
so what were seing in jamesbond fillms were true...
How does this host manage to cover only such eccentric white people topics only?
Stop stealing my childhood ideas >:(
Is there a reason why they cant change the exterior of the house? It sound's like they cant update the houses to solve any issues
Tone down the background music please; it makes it difficult to pay attention to the content
I feel short changed.
Yes, cry more. I love the taste of elitist tears.
Ok, so people want to build on the property they rightfully own? Which in London means digging downwards.
london gaming
Can someone explain this whole video in leyman's terms?
I saw Queen and the fabulous Freddy Mercury and immediately clicked on the video!
Anyone find it ironic the professor on basements is called burrows
This sounds like a disaster. Can you imagine if the structure suddenly becomes unstable and you are trapped underground in Basement Level 3? SCARY!
This feels like a copy of another older story on the same subject. Can't recall the outlet. BBC? Al-Jazeera?
A bit light-on
They had to add Freddie Mercury for context of who Brian May is, really??? LOL, saying he is from QUEEN and one of the most famous guitar players in rock history is more than enough VOX lol.
What happened to the principles of "live and let live" and "building on one's own land is always ordinary use"? Why can't your neighbor have the right to legally expand their own house?
This video just explained that there are alot of basements in London and that they are bad...with no explanation of why or how
…
Yeah we need a follow up or a part two on this topic. Interesting topic that deserves more on the affect it has
Would have been  cool to tour some of these basements in person! Maybe gotten the perspective of these tunnel diggers.
So why did Brian's basement flood ?
meanwhile the Metropolitan, H&C, Circle and District lines of the LU would stop that due to the fact that they are very close to the ground :)
Radon says hi
I mean.. this seems like a good solution for urban sprawl?
I don’t understand the issue with basements
I just really can't stay in an enclosed space without windows, no matter how large.
Colin Furze's neighbors agree
So the rich are complaining about the rich, and think the commoners care….we don’t care. Have a nice day though…
Midwesterner’s are like 😳
This feels like an incomplete story
I live in a basement and ill be the first to say I don’t like it.
*Investing in crypto now should be in every wise individuals list, in some months time you'll be ecstatic with the decision you made today.*
No they did not LITERALLY bury money in the ground 🙄
“Instead of digging basements, why not just build your home over a cave?” - Bruce Wayne.
You need to explain more about the connection between Brian May’s video and the underground constructions.
Man this is so good
Honestly im getting kind of annoyed at waking up to construction and vans and all views being blocked by big construction stuff …can we as a city relax a little?
lol i live in London (south of the Thames) and i always wondered why the generic houses in central (other than the fact that the fact they were in nice areas) went overboard £10 mill…..guessing its because of this 😧
k lol
Maybe I’m just thinking in the past, but I always understood basement-dwellings to be a residence for average folk, or even poor folk
The whole notion of wealth inequality is such a joke. It’s a scam perpetrated against the jealous and greedy less-rich and poor (relative to their country of origin, of course). Their solutions are typically to attack those who have found the means of producing wealth, rather than learn from them.  I don’t care what someone chooses to do with the money they’ve earned. I may prefer that they use it in s manner that isn’t wasteful or destructive, but that is merely my preference. What I refuse to do is be played against the wealthy (or wealthier) by way of the tactics of envy and jealousy. It is their money. When you begin to fall into that trap, don’t be surprised when you are suddenly being targeted as the new definition of “Wealthy”. All these sorts of things breed is division, and those using it as a weapon are usually politically or socially motivated power seekers. They care about power and influence, and will promise anything to achieve it.
Have and have yachts. Dang it.
So whats the problem? People being jelous or what?
Oi my British m8’s
😮
Rich people problems
One fire  Will clear them
This video ended like we're supposed to expect a sequel
Not very interesting or important.  I kept waiting for the turn in the story of why anyone should care, but it never happened.
It is an interesting development for many reasons.
Over the years, I’ve asked my old rag tag bra burning hippie mother whatbits going to take for the  rich and elite to get a grip and stop this horror show. Her reply:    ‘ nothing is going to change until they can’t flush their OWN s*** down the toilet’   It begins me ol’ mudder. It begins.  I be smiling today.
GUN STORES???
I can't get over the fact that the guy researching basement building in London boroughs is called Burrows.
I had no idea that New York was Granite and London was Clay. Wild stat
No lie i was thinking of digging deep in my Chicago property 🤔🤫
So your claim is we need *more* zoning and regulatory boards looking over what people can and cannot build on their own property, because some rich people are inconvenienced and are blaming something with no evidence? Seems like a strong claim when Vox has been saying for years (rightly) that zoning and building regulations and nimbyism is really, really bad for the world and especially for anyone who's not already quite rich
As a general rule: if you're trying to tell other people how to spend their money, then you're also a problem.
Vox's only goal is to complain about stuff
Market finds a way
I wish that Vox would have gone into depth a little more about what makes these basements problematic. Are there studies that support flooding being caused by them? I live in Michigan, USA, where flooding is relatively common and everyone has a basement, yet no one has ever blamed the flooding on the basements here…
We need a Pt. 2
You didn't explain the reason for flooding or why the basements were a nightmare?
I bet if your average joes decided they could afford this in the masses. Like how car ownership became common; suddenly there would be restrictions because of environmental reasons.
The problem with living below ground level is that certain kind of gases are heavier than air and thus they will always accumulate at the lowest place they can reach and most of them are poisoning, despite the fact that even if harmless, they will lower the breathable air concentration. Also you can always find some Radon concentrations in the air below the ground level and Radon is radioactive. Personally I would not want live below ground level.
I don't understand... the... pausing... in the middle... Of a sentence. Cool video but was there a time limit that had to be met? Haha
No surprise people don't care about their neighbours,  it's the city of greed
I've always wanted a mega basement underground lair. Normal house on the outside, huge gym and pool on the inside
Fantastic reference to Booth’s work; which shows how classism is literally built into Britain!
Did I miss the explanation of the flooding g??
1:27 says ‘Newscastle’ rather than ‘Newcastle’
If it makes Gianluca Vialli angry it can't be that bad
Those evil basement people!
Obviously, it is. YouTube  confirms it by deletion.
As a firefighter I just hope that these basements are up to code; multiple exits, sprinklers etc. Because basement fires are no joke especially multi-layered ones.
This is interesting but felt a little unfinished… not much meat to the story.
I’m struggling to understand what the premise of this video was? Rich people making basements in London, and mapping where the poor were in the 1800’s? Have and have nots? Neighbour’s witnessing trucks on the street? Then there was a sewage issue at the beginning but there was no factual evidence supplied as to how that happened? Sorry Vox this was very poorly done. It’s like there was a suggestion of inequality and the rich getting wealthier. But how is this any different to a rich person just building a fancy place? I’m not sure where the so called “scoop” is in this story.
Roger Burrows digging deep to bring you the dirt about basements.
Appropriate name for the professor tracking the Have Yachts burrowing underground to build mega-basements.
London has its underground lairs for wealthy folks while Rio has favelas for the poor folks!
In London, the super-rich dig holes to live in, splendid.
*** For anyone wondering why this causes flooding: Take a cup and fill it half way with water. Take a balloon, blow a some air into it, and tie it off. Put the balloon in the cup. Watch the water level rise. Balloon = basement, cup of water = water table. Adding basements raises the water table. Water has to go somewhere. The new basements are probably equipped with state-of-the-art pumping systems that continually pump out the water. Old basements, that were built above the water table and probably do not have sump pumps, are now underwater.
Does anyone remember they used cryogenic drilling last time London built a new underground line?  They had to freeze the clay hard enough with liquid nitrogen for the drilling machine to stay in course,  controlling it within inches next to the existing line in some tighter spots.  How they are going to deal with this is simply out of my imagination.
So why are they flooding tho?
“The haves and the have yachts.” Freakin’ love it.
Rich people problems
They're just trying to copy Colin furze
Best named professor ever.   (For non-english folk, "Burrows" sounds almost exactly like "Boroughs", aka groups of suburbs in a very large city, mostly ones that used to be towns before being subsumed by a mega city like London. He's a professor of cities, which is hilarious.)
Pools, cinemas, galleries, gyms.  I'm clearly not doing enough with my basement. I just store junk, Xmas decorations, camping equipment, and do laundry.
Boohoo rich people problems
there were news stories about 5-10 years ago about mega-basements being built in elite Silicon Valley neighborhoods, for the same reasons as those mentioned in this video
Reminds me of the cave houses in Nottingham
Still wondering how basements cause flooding…
Solaria
oOoOoOoOo basements… did I scare you??
Not even sure what the point of the video is. From flooding, to class divides between the wealthy, to economic inequality, to former soccer player turned coach making a complaint about noise and construction. Like ok why should I care lol. They even mentioned how it could happen in new york and then explained a sentence later why it will be much harder to do making it seem pointless. If this was an experiment on how putting spooky music over some irrelevant issue makes people care then I guess it was a success.
That’s why you don’t live in London you live somewhere with nice people like Liverpool
Putting a wine cellar between a panic room and a gun store just about says it all.
Oh, it's beautiful.
Anyone notice those mega basement dots were almost in pairs. Like one guy got it showed it off and the other guy said o I gotta have that
Rich people problems
Where's a great fire when you need one.
teh dungeons o' London
.
This just in: British people living in London are being very British about what their British neighbors
Nice low key dig at Vialli.  Joke aside, it’s a “if you can’t beat them join them” kinda move. Don’t blame him.
I'll bet they got the idea from the hobbit burrows in LORD OF THE RINGS!
So...what caused the sewage leak in May's house? Did they nick a pipe with drilling equipment? Is the footage from May's own basement? Not sure about the ethics of complaining about basement construction from your own slightly less lavish basement.
Imagine if this was down in Hong Kong na or Tokyo
Can the basement withstand nuke?
I’ve been watching the Foundation series and I’m guessing this is as good an explanation as any of how the city planet of Trantor with its vast underground levels got started.
Oh boo-hoo
half a video again! why do they grant permission when it's obviously having negative consequences? these are the same councils that built grenfell - why no mention or link to that? - these aren't just wealthy areas, they're areas with huge wealth disparity how do the basements cause flooding?
1:20. Oh my lord. I'm dying. This is absolute peak British humour.
The basements, attics, vents, and ventures are all over
Just the fact that a man called Burrows is doing a study on people digging holes in ground is worthy of a video
Mildly interesting but kinda hollow. It opened with a flood problem but didn't really mention flooding again and briefly mentioned collapse. The only other issue is noise pollution and complaining rich neighbors. They live in luxury, who cares if a little noise bothers them.
Honestly planning permissions are out of control in the UK... On the other end you have the growth in houses of multiple occupancy where landlords will initially get permission for 5 renters and then once that's approved push it to 7. It's exploitation. These landlords squeeze as much money as they can from people on the lowest end, they do not need that much money. Its pure greed. It's disgusting but councils just keep giving out the permissions...
f
That ended abruptly? Why is gary Oldman junior working for vox?
Think about what would happen if the elites choose to interconnect their basements. Underground city. Maybe they could also connect to the London Underground 😂😂😂
Okay….  But what about the flooding at the beginning of the video? There seem to be a serious drop of care and quality in your recent videos.
I think that’s fantastic. As long as there’s no earthquakes their golden.
I'm curious can these houses hold up after you dig a big hole underneath them? Will the foundation still hold?
So we're supposed to be upset that mega millionaires and billionaires are causing massive noise pollution on each other?    Let them fight
Boohoo, rich people problems
I think maybe because a nuclear war will happened 1 day i think?
Seems like an incomplete story to me which also just ended abruptly. What are we to do with this incomplete picture of what is really going on there and what are the consequences.
It’s not ‘Newscastle’ it’s Newcastle. I’m a student there.
Just wait until the ocean rises, these underground swimming pools are going to be underground lagoons.
Vox - "This isnt really a thing in america" Prepper - Is that right?
Its a good idea tho. Way more sq ft and a bunker like home
so you're just not gonna talk about how these basements are causing flooding? We're just going to focus on famous rich people complaining about this? go back to the drawing board, this is just half a video
Asking myself why I should care about this......its private property and the only people complaining are rich people that live next to the ultra rich digging these basements.
I instantly thought of that one mission from Watch Dogs Legion when i saw the title and thumb.
What are the archaeologists of London doing about this? Seems like a lot of archaeology is being destroyed through this process.
So basically its rich people ruining other peoples lives for their own benefits. Nothing new.
That's it?  Video ended and barely scratched the surface on the topic...  I was watching and just as the topic was being fleshed out, it went to credits!
I can't be the only one, seeing the ban on expanding properties upward and behind the property as the problem, right? I can understand maintaining the history appearance of architecture, but allowing modification would be a better way to prevent the impacts from this trend.
When people are building basements that extend beyond the footprint of their house, I'm assuming that the basement is still beneath land they own? They aren't allowed to undermine their neighbour's garden, are they?
Wealth inequality: When you can't have lavish, multi-floor basements, because that would be unfair so noone can have them
Um, the intro was someone being mad because he believed his neighbors' basements caused flooding in his house yet the video didn't explain the relationship between basements and flooding. You couldn't spend a minute to explain the idea you introduced your video with?
Maybe I missed something, but I didn't see any explanation in this as to how the home got flooded with sewage, nor what evidence there was that underground construction was to blame.
didn't really address flooding
Will sea-level rise affect these basements at all? If it is a "long" way off i guess the current owners wouldn't care anyway,right? Or would that affect the selling price/value if they wanted to sell. I guess they could sell it to Aquaman, eh?
Yo
I love to have a mega basement. Note to self, if you ever become rich. Build a mega basement! 😂
This video started out about a flooding basement, but never went back to that.  That is what I was interested in knowing about.  With them building on clay, it seems they would be prone to flooding, but is it causing other homes to flood?  Also if it is clay, how are they supporting the structure above while they dig down.  I'm much more interested in the how rather than the how much
Minecraft Players: Wait you guys barely started doing this?
I'm not seeing the controversy here. If there are structural and/or engineering issues, then the basements shouldn't be allowed. If those problems can be overcome, then there is little problem to them. A one-time construction annoyance is meaningless over the long term.
Honestly I don’t see an issue with this. If you have the wealth then let do.
They call them 'icebergs', they produce the same effect as when the Titanic hit one...
Eat the rich
Beyoncé reading the “Super Basements” in the thumbnail: 👁👄👁 *click!*
my old house had a basement that was a source of mold.  now i live in Florida, where there are no basements because the water table is too high.
Ok bit whats the problem ?
"...between the haves and the have yachts"? LET THEM FIGHT.
So how/why did Brian May's basement get flooded from other neighbors who are building basements?
I wouldn't be surprised if they are hiding bodies in those basements
People seem to forget that when a wealthy owner improves their house, they employ local artisans and contractors. But instead of pointing that out, it seems that vox would rather Have those who have less money hates those with more money. Although I do applaud this channel for pointing out that the reason that people with means add these basements is because the government has for bidden them from modifying the homes that they owned. So basically this is a government problem
Can you elaborate more on granite, clay, and other different soils for buildings?
"Professor of cities" okay.
The title is an anti-Semitic dog whistle
These are bunkers.  Luxury bunkers.  When they flood it will be bad.  London like New York City is just overcrowded.
Imagine if Texas had basements
I dont really understand the problem though, no explanation was given in this video as to why the basements cause flooding of sewage or noise pollution etc.?
Such tearful video. Thoughts and prayers! I mean... Heart-breaking!
Why do you care how wealthy people spend their money? Unless they damage others property or make too much noise or dust, let them be.
You did not explain Brian Mays predicament at all
I love how you introduce this with Freddie Mercury.
They are lucky England is not a seismic country. Imagine being in a third basement just when an earthquake happens, all that money spent in a luxury mausoleum.
So wait…Colin Furze tunneling is taking so long, because his having trouble with the neighbors? 🧐
I love vox
So what exactly is the problem here? Construction doesn't last forever. Why can't people just build a basement?
Not even the rich like the rich
A completely useless topic to cover vox.
Once again outdated zoning codes cause unforeseen issues when people work around them..
Newscastle....
1:27 Newcastle*
Gianluca Vialli is the last person I would've expected in this specific video
eat tbe rich
Did anyone else think the music in this video was a little to loud and distracting?
people complaining about construction work have always existed, in any neighbourhood rich or poor!
You open with flooding, yet never address the case of why it's happening? What a miss.
Very weird video from Vox. Usually your videos are cohesive, and easy to understand. This one's all over the place. What happened.
0:54 “underwater”  Gotcha
You never told us why the basements cause flooding! I assume it affects the water table? Like, all these underground boxes cause displacement?
you know, im sure 100 years ago people were complaining about the "multi-storied home" OMG their building to the sky!!!!!!
Talking about basement and name of the professor - borrow... Coincidence?
0:54 Underwater playgrounds?
A whole new meaning to living in your mom's basement
Will humans ever learn simple practicality?? These huge houses seem to never stop being built, and half of these wealthy people don’t even use half the rooms they build, it’s ridiculous. A waste of materials, time, and so much more. Makes me worried of what will come if all countries continue this.
Also what you get when you build a huge city on a former wetland
I'm not gonna lie even though it only benefits the rich and has a lot of downsides I just love the idea of underground liars and underground building in general too much to hate this.
Is this what rich on rich crime looks like
That was a very empty episode.  The topic was interesting but there wasn’t much to discuss beyond “London homes are building big basements and their rich neighbors are upset & blaming things on them.”
Other than Vialli's complaint about noise pollution, there was no conclusion about the repercussions of what these basements cause. Was May right? Do these basements cause flooding? Are they making housing in the area unstable? Why should I care about these basements? If the only danger is noise pollution, which only lasts as long as construction lasts, then I don't care how a rich person spends their money.
I’m not sure I understand the problem, ok the basements can in some way cause flooding, but they rich, so they can compensate anyone who is affected by their basements? Also the Nuisance of construction is temporary, I don’t think that is fair to come at people for a construction that will last 6 months and that’s it. For years.
I am going to be building an underground room which will have a golden throne that I will sit on.  I then expect all of you to come, genuflect before me, and kiss my ring.  As you leave, you will say "Since you are super rich, you are omnipotent, and I pledge my very existence to you, my liege".
Oh what I wouldn't give to lock the rich in their basements and pour concrete on top.
There's no space and you cannot change much, so until we are able to build hovering houses, must dig deep...
I usually enjoy Vox content, but this video felt kind of incomplete. To the point I thought I had missed something and even rewind it a little bit during the call with the professor. I believe that more details about the basement, construction, regulation, blueprints etc. would be better then all the talk about Queen and the soccer player.
Kensington in Europe high class Kensington in America speaks for itself
Cool video, but why start it with Freddie? Did you not think Brian was famous enough to catch attention?
Funfact if you didnt know: St pancras international is a station in london, It goes all the way to Paris. It takes land routes to the town of Folkestone in kent, roughly about 50-60 miles from London, closest area probably being Bromley. From folkestone it goes to Calais, where it goes back on land. The train track is known as the Eurostar. I know this has nothing to do with the video, but i thought it would be cool to tell you guys if you didnt know.
I wonder if the basement diggers are finding historical stuff.
Comment
Finally something to look forward to - climate change & sea level rise drowning the filthy rich.
But I need my James Bond Elimination  Pihranna Pool.
So you're telling me that Burrows is studying burrows in different boroughs?
👀 7   Clay  , claley aplaster crime scene
Is Robbie Williams not that famous in America? Curious why he isn't mentioned in his saga with Brian May
I hate how the video is basically don't let rich people have good stuff. It only mentions the problems that neighbors face briefly ...
Feel like they spent more time fixating on the fact that the rich were building them and not enough talking about the consequences of them. Like we get it, rich people are doing this but I think the video only covered what can happen if these are regularly implemented in a few brief mentions
The video ended so abruptly
Can we please have a part 2 to this story?
I get how undermining a foundation may lead to collapse, but how does it cause flooding in another building?
I don't care
Future will be amazing
It's a nice information in the video. But the atmosphere of videos made me think you would talk about a problem or that would be some questions and answers.  Though it's still nice to know there is a different kind of urban growth and development happening in london.
Can't wait for a Tom Scott video on this
so.. the opposite of h g wells the time machine
Love the animation so much, and also the sound. The designers did really a great job.
Haves and the have yachts.  Stealing that.
Lame
Underwater playgrounds? That’s new
Wait a second...."gun stores" in London? How does that work then?
Could you make a video explaining why racism doesn't exist.
Professor Burrows, what a fitting name.
How interesting! I used to work for the trade association that represents the interests of a lot of basement construction companies in and around London and the south east and saw some of their projects in photos in this video. I’d never known about the impact this work has on the city overall. Thanks for making such an informative video!
When his mom's basement is bigger than your house.
That's all? There's more to this issue.
Is it easy to get permission for that basement. Could you get that permission out of London, for example Newcastle, Bristol, Leeds? Expanding your home thru Basement is a fantastic idea.
This video was interesting enough but I don't understand the downsides of basements; Is it only the noise? wouldn't that be the same as any construction? or is it flooding, but how is that caused by basements?
4:07 "Gun Stores" are mentioned.  I thought gun ownership was outlawed in the UK.  Or am I missing something?
Ha Newscastle lol you tried
Call me a spoiled Californian if you must but hanging out and even swimming (???) in a basement sounds miserable.
Did I miss the part where flooding was connected to this
This was like a snippet trailer. Please create a full length documentary visiting basements and all : D <3  One Love!
TL;DR Rich people getting upset that mega rich people out riched them.
Wow it's becoming a real struggle being a rich Londoner these days. I feel so relieved I am  neither rich nor Londoner.
this could have been more in depth
Gianluca Vialli moved to London in the 90's to play for Chelsea football club.  He later became manger for a short time before being sacked.  He was part of the Italian coaching staff that helped Italy win 2020.  It doesn't make any difference to your video but its not factually accurate
Zoning laws. Can’t build up so you build down.
OMG!  London is depressing for me, and this is to make things worse. Living underground like a rat. What´s the point to be super rich?
What happens to foundation of that building when you dig out soil for creating basements?
The riches are actually digging their own grave.
Zombies are coming with the music.... 28 Days Later...ish
Newcastle Uni School of A.P.L is a research-Excellence School.
They are literally creating SCP Unlondon
The rich Will never be catched if they are hidden.
Why don't the poor, the most numerous in the population, simply eat the rich? 🤷‍♂️
I don't get it what's the problem
This has been a problem for years but no one will do anything
The elite is totally deconnected from normal conditions. They will get us to the bottom.
Well, Londoners are the archetype for hobbits, so . . .
That dude sounds like the apple commericial guy who say aluuminiummmm
The RBKC is a horrendous council which reflects the worst of the borough. Prioritisation of the super richer over very thing else. I went to a council meeting pre- Grenville: - there was a 45 minute debate about the noise from super cars with one woman declaring she was glad she had houses overseas to escape the noise - they quoted the cladding added to Grenville tower as an example of how progressive their policies was.
The rich. Sigh.
Just don't dig too deep, you might break into MI6 007 secret base.
They weren't allowed to build skyline.. So they are trying to build.. well.. Basement line. ..🤔
The wealthy are so destructive.
Seems legit
so whats the issue if they waterproof the dug
This is funny 😂😂
Those Elites are prepared for the coming Collapse.
The music made this song WAY MORE DRAMATIC then it needed to be.
Get rolled Gianluca 🤣
Wow newcastle
But what about the relationship to flooding? How do more basements cause flooding? At what point do they hit the water table?  Also, does all this underground construction not undermine the stability of the soil strata for a surrounding area?
Rich people dig themselves some basements. Other rich people are annoyed by that. Oh, how exciting! Thank you, YouTube, for this tip!
That’s not only in London
Russians have laundered hundreds of billions to Londongrad and bought the city. What else did you expect when UK politicians were bought and turned a blind eye?
It sounds like the problem isn't the basements, the problem is mentioned at 3:00. They've made it so basements are the only way someone can renovate or expand their homes. Just get rid of that, don't blame the rich for this blame the government for disallowing everything else.
Box has the most intriguing stories.
Mmm. Interesting_
“When I grow up I want to be an astronaut!”   “When I grow up I want to be a doctor!”          “When I grow up I want to study underground lairs!”
Why don't they just move? The basement wanters, not the others. Why not just make your own place when you have the money.
Vox is always uncomfortable with the  wealthiest people. They are socialists.
I’ll never own a wealthy house so this vid isn’t necessary to watch
Bad regulation strikes again. You're not allowed to make the building taller, so people build basements instead.  Just let people build taller buildings.
As soon as I heard those first few chords, I knew those basement builders were evil!!!  As a premier international city, London is going to have to figure this one out quickly.  If they want to attract that high end money, they will need homes to match.
island england sure is colony of rich. 🤑
Thanks for watching! If you’re wondering about the most unusual basement Professor Roger Burrows found, he had this to say:  “It bends belief what’s in some of these. We found one example of a particularly colossal dig with two swimming pools and a beach. A sandy beach. And the pool had a wave machine.”
What was the point of showing freddie mercury
What’s the song name at 20 seconds
Rich complaining about the rich lol.
If the knew what was coming. They wouldn't..
4:24 OMG The resemblance to the Boston Common and Public Gardens is frickin' braking my brain.  What gives?
You didn't explain HOW these structures can cause flooding to other residencies at ground level or above??
To all rich people: feel free to join our cause for more material equality. With inequality rising even further, even you can now experience it. And it'll get worse, I promise.
Sounds like there are kickback bribes going to planning boards.  It sounds like British law enforcement should watch their national an international financial and property dealings, and hold them accountable either with decent prison terms, seizures of the bribes, and public disclosures of their crimes so the public can hold them accountable too.
The roadworks are constant! They create so much traffic in London.
Well, they're not making the city look worse, and if they had permission to extend their houses, the noise pollution would still be a thing. I don't get why is this a problem.
There is a full fledged documentary on this covering it in great detail. Think it’s a RT documentary.
What’s the problem? It’s seems like the message of this video is ‘rich people like this so it must be wrong’.
Okay but like what’s the big deal?
So what you're essentially saying is that the London elite are actually some sort of intelligent sub mole/human hybrid species?
Sounds like they are preparing for nuclear apocalypse.
I love vox so much, very interesting stuff
so why was his floor covered in sewage?
Welp, guess I should demolish the 3-level basement man-cave of my Sims
and that's why I want to move out of big cities
to bad my kipnapper din't got a private theater in his basement
It must be a British things to have an underground lair
If it causes problems, yes, restrict the basement building. But, it seems this is a lot of class envy. The people with money earned it somehow and should be able to do what they want with it. Not all of them are pushing for expanding humanity to another planet.
Is this a problem? If so how?
This video failed to make the case against these basements or reveal the mechanistic actions of how these builds cause flooding. Home renovations are always noisy/inconvenient for neighbours regardless of what’s being renovated. Seems like a hit job on l the rich.  Case in point - calling basements lairs with some spooky music… inferring we should all be super concerned about this issue.
If you want to see a recent example, watch Architectural Digest Petra Ecclestone's 170 million Pound London mansion posted a few weeks ago.
Don't panic......sea level rise will take care of ALL these challengers to Murphy's Law. Yay Murphy!
Omg the rich starting to move underground like they know something we don’t 😬
No body cares if they can’t see it. Once it becomes a problem then they care. State just wants a cut of the money.
I really do not understand why in a city like London or any other major cities in the world where housing is extremely expensive, they have limited the number of levels that can be built vertically above ground by limiting the height of buildings which limits the supply of very much needed homes in that city and results in increasing the prices of houses there even more.
Looking at the preview I was like, "The flooring pattern looks so cool, it changes along the path," and then looking at the title, "Oh..."
"Hey neighbor! Just wanted to let you know the air is about to become much dirtier around our house for a couple months. I'll be in the country. Be well!"
I guess I'm not the big Queen fan I thought I was. Never knew Brian May's basement flooded.
My school was in a city where floodings are common AND was built over an old torrent. Guess what happened to those basements.
This must be where they hide Andrew when the BBC comes for dinner.
I didn't know Stanley Tucci is also a socioligist & statistician.
Would have loved information on why there is flooding and structural collapse
Again, the rich people make everyones live worst, yet people defending them like they are one of them.
Everyone who's rich are going gangsta with their luxury basements, until the Thames River floods.
Turning H.G. Wells 'Time Machine' upside down, huh.
Good on them. They are not breaking any laws. What is the problem?
I live in london and this is the first I am hearing of this
Anyone who has watch Jay Foreman’s Unfinished London knows there’s something wrong with Kensington and Chelsea.
The house from 'The parasite'..maynot be a fictional one for long
A problematic borough? Which is it? Kensington and Chelsea? Not a surprise.
But how exactly does it cause floods..  Does the digging use up space in the ground that would have otherwise absorbed the water? Or is it because of pipe leakage from the excavation?
the sound track feels from a game called METRO EXODUS
..for some years past, ever since I had the idea of going to London, have given me many, many hours of pleasure. Through them I have come to know your great England; and to know her is to love her. I long to go through the crowded streets of your mighty London, to be in the midst of the whirl and rush of humanity, to share its life, its change, its death, and all that makes it what it is. - Bram Stoker's Dracula
1:09 Nice homonym (layers/lairs)
Well yes that is what happens when you don't allow people to build up. But spare me the whining of the rich. They have already done there best to prevent the building of anything for people below them in there neighborhood. And now you want me to feel sympathy for them having to stand the construction noise of whats still allowed to be built.
Yeah, I dug my own basement. It's an out house.   You would *not* want to go down there.
The think that makes my mind boggle is that the often bury the earthmovers in the flooring, as it easier than getting them back out.
Climate change is real y’all!
Hidden ones bureaus i missed
The beginning of Unlondon
Saruman:  _"The elites dug too greedily and too deep... you know what they awoke in the basements of Lon-dûn...."_
Still waiting to hear the serious problem with basements.......
DMC DeLorean... 👀
I never knew I would be so interested in basements… great and informative video as always
Eddie in Absolutely Fabulous was ahead of the curve then 🤣
It's weird you didn't actually talk about the real damage it's doing. That's left entirely up to the greyed out area of a screenshot. Very disappointed, as that's the more interesting and alarming part.
Quoting daily mail. Great work
okay hear me out: we let the rich go into their basements but then we accidentally lock the doors and lose the keys
Oh finally! A video about something that I've been having problems with 😏
1. Every rich person votes to ban high rise building  in rich area. 2. Riff raff are kept out.  3. MEGA BASEMENTS.
This sounds like a First World problem.
We just keep peddling faster, hoping that our civilization's flying machine is in flight, not freefall. But the ground is rushing toward us, and the craft was never sound. - Paraphrase of Daniel Quinn's Ishmael
So Bryan May's basement was flooded because of his neighbors digging?
ikea
Welcome to capitalism
Please do more international videos, i.e. Uk, etc. Also news related topics more often.
What the dog doin
My worries:  I wonder if I can find my pizza coupons.
Wait…….. Roger Burrows studies cities ………..no one gonna talk about that
Was expecting more ahah, video just ened ahaha
Remember the blitz? This is the logical outcome 80 years later
I should care about this why?
I'm sorry but it's London Boroughs pronounced 'Bur-ruhs' not 'borrows'. The second pronunciation makes people from London sound like they live in giant rabbit holes.
They must be coming across lots of archeological finds when they do this.
London suits ultra rich. Mostly frouds scamares and corrupt politician's last destination is London
I should care about this why?
digging that many large basements also means a lot of soil was removed.
are such basements found in other parts of UK?
In a hierarchy system, there's never happy with what you have. Playing my tiny violin.
I see nothing wrong with building the basement. At least they are not ruining the environmenment. Besides, the noise and air pollution during construction is temporary.
Not sure I understand the purpose of this video, the Rich have basements? Ok then 🤷‍♂️
It's hard to cry.
"The haves and the have yachts" I'm casually dropping that in conversations from now on 😂.
Oooooooooo the rich have underground cinemas how important
This really seems like a non issue.
It Is always very soothing to know the rich are building underground fortresses. Makes you wonder what they know that we dont.
The background music from 5:00 onwards 😂😂
My mum used to work as a cleaner before she became a caretaker and one of her clients had a house in Kensington and oh lord the basement was gigantic.
Y’all know too much
4:06  One of these is not like the others!!! I thought guns were illegal in Britain???
As an Australian I think our country has the least amount of social divide. You can go through a suburb here near Melbourne and find a $500,000 house and a 3,000,000 house with 7 bedroom, 5 bathrooms.
The problem not mentioned is how rigid the construction restrictions are. Banning construction is what led to the basements in the first place.
Professor Burrows studies burrows in the boroughs
1:24 When he stated where he was a professor in the school of architecture, planning and landscape, and went on to say he wasn't an architect and he wasn't a planner, I was assuming he was going to say he was a landscape
Ya, I do not see the issue with this. People are taking their asset and investing towards it, their own property. As long as it is safe and environmentally conscious, and they do not work during the night. If someone in a suburb in NA bought a home and added a basement later nobody would bat an eye. How many jobs do you think are made from the engineers, construction workers, manufacturers of the materials, etc... all just doing this basement construction. Do people really have nothing better to complain about?
LoL, give those mega basements a few decades and you'll be see a sinkhole problem in London 😅  that's what happened when texas did fracking and digging underground.. eventually it'll collapse
My heart bleeds for the rich complaining about the antics of the super-rich
Why can't they build up??
Rich people be rich.
Yall make me watch videos about basements from beginning to end
You should do a video on the Polish - Belarusian border crisis
How does one even physically dig a basement under and existing house without that house coming down in the process?
That intro just made me realize that Freddie Mercury could've still been alive today in some other timeline... That's bonkers.
i’m so glad this video came out cause I was planning on moving to arizona, and with the ridiculous heat there, I feel like it’d be smart to get a one story house and build the extra space I would want underground to combat the heat. happy to see that this is being utilized lol
Basements aren’t even that common in the rest of the UK. Some houses built before the war are more likely to have them but it’s not common.   The problem is that London’s rich are unable to get what they feel as value for space. Since they have chosen to live in central London they can only get a house that is a significantly smaller than a house in the suburbs or country.  It also drives up the price as it technically turns a 4 bedroom house into an 6-8 bedroom house. This will continue to drive up the prices in the area.
I don't really get the point of this video. Rich people being mad at richer people?
Why spooky sound at end of video
Ok
Thankfully there's a simple solution to this problem. YouTube won't let me say what it is, but you can probably all just use your imaginations.
Seems like parasite movie is reversed.
As long as it is safe, people should be able to do what they want with their property. Perhaps they should simply put a time limit on the construction to limit the strain on the neighborhood.  Go over the time limit..  eat big fines.
I see NO problem with this.  It's simply building down instead of up.  London is dreary, cold, and clustered.  No one can move around.  So! If people want a swimming pool where ni one will peep on them or hound them for a swim, I say let them!!
I don't know what's happening
This seems like such a non-issue, what am I missing?
This is even better when the “have yatchs” basically own the politicians who give them the green light.
Why credit????
Professor Burrows knew at his birth that he would become an expert in underground lairs
so where are all the white londoners complaining that foreigners are buying London . Because it seems the problem lies within local council Mafias .
Fallout 5: London
cant believe im this early to a vox video
So, there’s a chance the Queen has a secret longevity lab for her everlasting life?
who knew, no matter what class you are, there'll always be a divide
I don’t think people realise how rich some of these people are. You can only achieve this through exploitation at every level of a business.
And what was now the relationship between basements and the flooding?
Let the rich eat each other for once.
What a useless video. TLDR Rich people laundering money through basement construction in London. So simple.
But why does the council allow the basements? Do they gain anything from it? Please someone answer!
Couldn't have chosen more boring people to make this video
Big love for Gianluca Vialli!
London is so interesting. Maybe I'll try traveling there someday?
I am 20 mins late
Basements are cool, though..
Newscastle, baby!
The “have nots” love to act as if they would do any different… this is the fault of the city of London, not of the people who are told they can pay for more space in their home.
Eat the rich
So you’re telling me, I should move my waterproofing company to London?
Why does this Underground London thing sounds familiar...? Ah, it's nothing. Better get 682 burned, again.
I watched the video but I still don't fully understand what the underlying problem to this trend is.
The professor is a great example of nominative determinism.
They're building Londown. 😅
Boroughs talking about burrows in boroughs.
I don’t understand how his house flooded because of basements.
Eat the rich
London has the greatest concentration of billionaires of any city on earth. Anyway, let the rich “suffer”, I feel schadenfreude because of this video.
_it's the 1%-ers problems_
Are they mostly in the squared mile, the City?
I live in London. This has been a thing for over a decade, maybe longer. The west end of central London is in constant construction, it's relentless.
As a London resident, it's fascinating to see this perspective on the divide between the elites. You go past these areas quite often in Mayfair, Soho, Marylebone, etc and they all seem like lovely houses, but you do wonder how they get such astronomical values (other than money-laundering, which London is the capital of in the world). I guess this is partly how; massive basement conversions underground adding more and more layers. It's surprising how many of them can go that far underground at all, considering the complex layers underneath such as the Tube, water and gas pipes, sewage system, etc. which are essentially impossible to move entirely. I guess it's an issue that arises when you want to love in the centre of an historic city and basements just aren't a thing for Brits usually, so we never think about them and the transformation occurring underground. Great video
First World problem 😑
👎
What is that music in first half??
I vote we break into the rich people's homes, and flood the basements with concrete
Since London is such a expensive city those rich people could rent the basement for a affordable price
Someone has something different than me means I'm being wronged!
The ultra rich are clearly Skaven
awww
basements
Eat the rich
Give it decade and soon there's gonna be an underLondon
hi people who come early
Im the first here im here for 3 min
Congratulations to everyone who sees this comment
Dear London,  Please give Nirav Modi back 🙏
Modern architecture was a mistake.
A
"Professor of Cities"
Si pablo
Lil
3
This just sounds like any other 1st world country
First
Second
Hi
First
First here yeah
First
""Congratulations To Everyone who comes in every single second""💐
first
