he's finally here LETS GOOOOO  hope u enjoyed the guide i tried my best to include as much information as possible & get it out as early as I could <3 Yaoyao guide next 👀
Shadow SAMAAAA (Shadow EiS mod)
i missed those days when he was meta😂😂😂
14:19
OH SHIT 🗣️🔥🔥🔥🔥
Here again because I got his c5😭
Here bc I got him instead of Wanderer on Sumeru banner
I just love alhaitam's character design and his looks are awesome  This is enough to make me pull for him
what do you think about Furina in his team ?
Which artifact should I use with Electro support character, I'm using Nahida with Deepwood artifact and Al Haitham with Guilded Dreams.  Should I use Flower of Paradise artifact with electro support ? To maximize the hyperbloom damage ?
i love this guide i knew that i should use the harbinger of dawn and also alhaitham is one of the top dps in the game he is like on top 5
My team: alhaitham, nahida, raiden shogun, xingqui
alhaitham mistsplitter vs wolff fang
Here cus i got nahihi and want a hood team for her
For Nahida, since she's coming up in this next banner, should I wish for her best weapon?
Will Oval
Rath Keys
Reynolds Dam
Skiles Walk
Ayla Cliff
Glenna Forges
Schumm Ways
Jadyn Creek
I think I'll have to listen again, but what I got when listening through "Keep 3 mirrors up at all time! This is your rotation. If you switch characters, you lose your mirrors, which ia bad! If you have Fischl, switch to her, summon Oz, switch back to Althaitham - which is... good?" 🫠
Al Fort
Brent Plains
Langworth Row
McKenzie Extensions
Ernie Trace
Daniella Ways
Estell Street
Kilback Squares
Hauck Field
Welch Run
Block Spring
Christiansen Dam
Dorcas Drive
Reilly Trafficway
Rollin Harbor
Edwin River
Antonetta Club
Lilla Port
Nina River
Emmerich Terrace
Smitham Stravenue
Ethelyn Cliff
Borer Points
Camila Crossing
Rau Plains
Bruh I shouldn’t hv pulled for mistsplitter when this thing exists, it gives TWICE as much crit dmg😭😭
Schultz Curve
Kiehn Valley
Darren Oval
O'Connell Isle
Melany Corners
Glover Shoal
Nikko Forges
Gleason Cape
Angelina Highway
Misael Divide
Richie Overpass
Opal Pine
Kessler Junctions
Kuhn Station
i'm so mad i started playing genshin after his banner
How is Baizhu in the team comp as the second dendro?
I follow the guide but his dmg for me is 1k😭
If i dont have kuki shinobu can i use raiden instead?
Does his infused attack scale with normal attack?
No one talks about hagaroma (ayato’s weapon)
My team rn is keqing ayato kazuha and alhaitham is that good or....
tysm❤
What are those small dendro crystal thingies and how do the react and how do they spawn, wht exactly are they?, they spawn after i hit enemies with dendro
Wrong guide
You talk too fast that I have to watch this on slowmo
How do you guys upgrade artifacts fastly I always run out of materials to upgrade artifacts
Could you do 4 piece deepwood and 2 piece gilded?
Thanks I had an attack sands on mine
i have alhaitam and i don't know if i should pull Furina or wait for another zhongli banner, can someone tell me who is more useful for alhaitam between them pls?
I got him early and won the 50/50 on 34 pity
Got him on a birthday wish at 60 pity
Who else is is f2p and skipped constellation part
WHAT IS THAT MAN  ???????????????????????????? YOU ARE TALKING LIKE A RAPID RADIO HHHHHHHHHHHHH CALM DOWN MAN
Can i run,yae miko,alhaithem,righnari, xingque?
21:32 windy plant
Is al haitham, kokomi, dendro traveller, ei a good team comp?
Lost my 50/50 to Mona :(
Im here cause i actually got alhaitam instead of clorinde 😢
Would the following team be good: Alhaitham, Kirara, Xingqiu & Shinobu?
Is it ok to use Tighnari with Alhaitham?
i got him😍🥰🥰🥰😍😍😘🥰😍😘😍🥰😍🥰😘😍🥰🥰
Do I need to level up his normal atk or is the imbue all I need?
7:09
I have a question, how do you add food/healing in the Z slot??
Is collei with deepwood memories goodwith alhaitham?
Bro I need kuki on my acct ffs
Does his burst heal
can raiden be used in place of kuki
Should I use KIRARA for Dendro support??
Should I use yaoyao or traveler for the dendro spot
My brain is melting I just need to know what I need to prefarm have mercy
Alhaitham is supposedly coming in 4.7 alongside Chlorinde's banner, after them is Sigewinne and Furina. Thinking of pulling Alhaitham so this was very helpful~. 😙👌🌿🛡
Zyox is your vsync off?
saving for him 😭❤️
I love how Al-Haitham's kit is similar to his character; at first glance it's complicated, but if you put effort in understanding it his kit is easily understandable and makes sense.
Is the world ending? Why running so fast?
Bro I have C0 4 set  a gilded dream on alhetham with deepwood on nahida C0 with 1000 EM and alhetham has Crit rate of 58.6% and crit damage of 134% and EM of 334 and ER of 126% and Atk of 1200+ now what should I change to make it better
I’m gonna pull for Alhaitham and so far I have a built Nahida and Kuki, who else should I use (preferably four star bc I don’t have yelan, Kokomi, zhongli or yae)
Hey zyox, can you please update and comment on the viability of using uraku misugiri which is the chiori weapon on him. It seems very strong in spread teams with zhongli. can you share your thoughts please🙏🙏🙏🙏
Does anyone have alhaitham starter that i can have...
They should add dmg testing dummies in this game... It would save so much time for dmg testing
I would rather build my Alhaitham deep wood than gilded cuz it sucks
4:09 for anyone who is researching alhaitham for the first time. You dont just E here. You short hold and then plunge attack, that gives yoy 3 mirrors
3:38 zyox casually setting the wrong example of how to use your skill and charged attack as most people's only source of conbat knowledge. All good  Just fyi, its 2 mirror procs, then skill then 2 mirror procs the CA and 2 mirror procs then swap out   Not that complicated. Its like 2, do something,2 do something, 2. Oh, i ran out of things to do, swap out
here me with 300 ping😞😞
Outdated
i will get Alhaitam
I have Alhaitham Raiden Yelan. I wanna just do Alhaitham and Raiden Spread cuz it's easy, but I'm sure Hyperbloom is much stronger so I wanna do that with Yelan. Any tips from the community? Or should I just stick with Spread?
He's my first 5 star when I started playing genshin (i think it was around Jan/Feb of 2023?) and now I finally decided to build him. Thanks for this guide, Zyox!
Xiao or alhaitam? With 4.4 coming, and rumors on althaitham coming in 4.5 idk. I only have faruzan c0, but I do have kuki and raiden
“XIAO IS TALL” team name😭😭😭😭 20:30
Alhaitham needs resistance to interruption. He gets blown away easily just like Wanderer.  Alhaitham, Furina, and Kuki Quickbloom is awesome. You can juggle the enemy mid-air.
my bro just casually has a r1 lvl 90 and a r4 lvl 1 of his weapon
is raiden good for him?
I have a question, alhaitham 3 mirror projection atk, does 3 times dmg right? (121.0 ATK + 241.9 elemental mastery) × 3 at talent lvl 10. Does that mean if he crit all the time, that mirror dmg will all be the same? Someone please give me an answer🙏🙏🙏
Waifu lovers: We need to use our brain to play this male character and not just push obe button? He's a bad character, SKIP! (Same scenario with Childe too)
I regret not getting him every time but he came out when I was taking a break from Genshin and just gaming in general. I just got Furina and finished building her about a week ago, but now I’m strinctly saving for his rerun banner. He’s just cool man.
It took me 5 months to get him level 80, then i benched him when i got yelan, now i added him instead of beidou, and im working on building him again
realizing i need to return to mine his artifact domain at some point again!
I got him ages ago and still haven't built him because I had no weapons on him but I plan to pull for cynos signature but if I get ayato's I'm gonna build him
as a dendro myself, i agree i am a reaction
I accidentally got his weapon and him but he is really fun to play, i feelike i invested my primos wisely.
1:09 How does all your mirror attacks did not hit the enemy. 😂
So nobody gonna mentioned the team name
Me just using skyward🗿
Hey bro can you tell us about new battlepass wapon wolf fang on altaithm
I'm Still Trying To Get A Good EM Sands For Him And I'm Using Haran For The Crit Rate Because I already Have A Ton of Crit Damage And A Crit damage Circlet (I Have 190 Crit Damage And 61 Crit Rate)
I need help.....My Alhaitham's stats are nice but his DMG is like shit, can someone help me build him, I've already spent 6400 resin on him 😢
I have the 4 piece dream on my Kuki so when she triggers elemental reaction my Alhaitham will get a 50 ‘em bonus
I skipped him on his first apperance, and the second too on 3.7 version, unfontunetly with Kazuha's sword his weapon came too. I really want to play with dendro on abyss, so nahida can go one side of the abyss, probably he will be the best option comparing with baizhu to go on the other side.
Dendro keqing
I'm an Alhaitham main but I'm here to ask a question! Appreciate it deeply if someone replies  The damage from his mirrors, are they considered Elemental Skill damage?
I want shinobu to heal him a lot in floor 12 so should I build her HP or EM?
Is Raiden good with him? For hyper bloom and his energy problems?
I run him with Kazuha, Kuki, and Yelan. Is that okay?
alhaitham raiden yelan do work?
I was summoned here since i accidentally win the 50² I got him early im happy that i got him didnt expect to have both alhaitham and kazuha this patch❤❤❤❤
Ive decided to run a nilou bloom team w alhaitham main dps, nahida, nilou, mona but soon kokomi
3 days before his banner ends... I was on 70 pity, waiting for kokomi but i was like- "man, i miss seeing gold pulls. I dont care if i lose 50/50 again" he came home early, and i didn't regret it even if i never farmed for him. XD i got decent gilded tho and he's already ready to go 👌
Pulling him because i have too many healer and support
Who else won the 50 50 without wanting it?
I somehow still didn't have kuki (and gorou) for most quicken team :( despite been playing since 1.0
Should I get him or klee
Can anyone help I'm at AR40 so I don't farm artifacts but I got an EM goblet with 16cr and 7cd and it is a 5 star is it better than dendro dmg 4star piece or a 5star atk piece
Honestly I think I’m horribly dumb for asking but idk if you said during the video. How do you get the mirrors?
I just got him accidentally at 35 pity on my alt account…so happy 🤭
Um, i need help. Idk how to do reactions with him cause i just cant switch him. And idk whats the best dendro reaction.
I STILL DON'T HAVE HIS ARTIFACTS UGHHHHH
Omg the r4 lvl 1 light I just can't
I got him today 🎉
Dude a question here: if i use guilded dreams on alhaithm then what artifacts should i give kuki....?
I'm running Yae Miko, Alhaitham and Yelan what character do you ppl suggest I should build as a support
I didnt understand 😭 I need this to be in baby langauge since I started to play not a long time agoo
Pls try to speak a bit slower its jard to understand for ppl whos main language is not english
I think iam the only one who uses diluc and alhaitham in same team lol
Hello
help I can't use anyone beside him rn, he is my first 5 stars I use him in my entire teyvat journey
Question about the black sword, if I swap Kuki's Iron Sting over to Al- would black sword be good on Kuki, or should I use Lion's Roar? Not sure what to do with the black sword now LOL. Thanks.
im pulling for alhaitham i have all the characters and weapons that he needs its just that the supports are being used by my oyther characters like cyno is using xingqiu and nahida im thinking of using xingqiu kuki and dendro traveler with a;haitham and use nahida  and barbara with cyno are these teams good?and should i give nahida to alhaitham i dont want to but some people say he works alot better with nahida but my cyno really needs nahida and can someone tell me good alhaitham team comps and cyno team comps?
I just pulled Alhaitham recently. I have R5 Iron Sting and R5 Black Sword. Which one is better for him?
If you play kirara with him you shield so much you can use Harbinger of Dawn :3
Is kaveh a good support for alhaitham? 🤔
I have anemo dps xiao cryo dps ayaka pyro dps hutao geo dps itto and now i got dendro dps alhaitham! Now i need a hydro dps
My Alhaitham with HoD( baizhu , kuki , Xq) :- 🌝
Bro ,why u speak too fast? U in a hurry?
I saw my friend watching this video the other day and since i got alhaitham, i watched it too. then i realized something weird, because the video they watched sounded different. turns out, they listen to zy0x's videos in  0.75 speed
Got him after 20 pulls. Now here to see how to get my alhaitham strong 💪🏻
Would like to ask about Skyward Blade in comparison to the iron sting R5 (as it wasn't listed in the video at 13:28) ? I only have that as a 5* sword weapon
Just got him, watching so I can build my baby.
My Alhaitham has absolute shit crit value but still does 22K with skill- truly a good DPS
Thanks, now i know his skill and teams. I will use alhaitham, dendro mc, lisa and beiodu. My second team is cyno which is cyno, kuki, nahida, xingqiu so i can't use kuki and dendro mc and i don't want a hydro char. Also i haven't gotten him yet so in 2 days i will painfully skip kazuha and pull for alhaitham
I’m an Alhaitham main. I love him. People say he’s hard to play to if my dumb ass can figure it out everyone else can too 😂
It's funny that Alhaitham is getting his rerun and my Alhaitham is still not done building. I MEAN, because I'm not into his design, I'm not hyped on using him and building him. I left him at 50 crit rate and 106 crit dmg,(while the rest of my dps has 75crit dmg and 180crit dmg at least) also the rest of my 5star became fully built after 2 weeks while the longest is one month. I pulled him because he is dendro and with good dendro application😂. Bumping on this vids making me feel that Alhaitham is telling me to finish building him. I even left his burst at level9 poor guy. Meamwhile my baizhu is done 2 weeks after getting him (xp books amd dendro gem is the problem because I gave em all to qiqi and kaveh becaues i though he will not going home)
Why do you have 27 million Mora... Donate some Mora to a poor player like me. 😅😅
I don't really care if they talk crap about al haitham and how much investment he requires, hes hot and thats enough for me
y xiphos r5 below r1??
can you make another video on him for his rerun, and address how much better Nahida is vs Yao Yao for his teams
He can work with Yae Miko, but from my experience she still feels weird to play especially with dendro. I'm thinking Raiden btw is a more comfortable electro support even though her skill does less damage, but it last a lot longer for him. I got forced into pulling Miko even though its a character I rather have this time after getting her weapon before polar star
im sorry but why do you have an unleveled R4 light of foliar incision but a fully leveled R1 foliar incision im crying
Am i the only one who saw “xiao is tall”
Bro pulled c6 allhaitam and not activate them
This or Nahida?
Could alhaitham,miko,kazuha,and kuki be a good team?
hehe trying to play genshin with 240 ping at average and pulling for alhaitham.
I have harbingrr of dawn and xiphos. Which should i choose????
So how much EM is needed? I don't think you mentioned it at all at 6:18
Alhaitham or Kazuha who to choose?
sad that everyone always forgets about dark iron sword... it looks so cool too
Hello, I have a doubt. Do I have to build Nahida crit based or full em in Alhaitham hyperbloom?   Characters: Alhaitham, Nahida, Kuki, Xingqiu
u missed one part in the weapon section...Giving a EM weapon is super niche on Alhaitam as then all the CR/CD source available will be only the circlet and substats which will be incredibly difficult to pull off as EM and ER is also crucial...I also thought umbrella would be good enough but then had to get the black sword as it was much much more efficient
I want to put alhaitham and cyno in one party give me few recommendations plz...
Alhaitham is currently carrying me through this game
I regret not pulling for him so bad 💀💀
After using his burst is it correct to use his elemental attack or i should wait a few seconds?
My team is currently Thoma, Alhaitham, Lisa and dendro Aether. When I get Baizhu, I'm going to replace the MC with him. My only problem is that I've already pre-farmed his artifacts, and it's not Deepwood Memories, but 2-pc Millelith with 2-pc Clam. Is it going to make that much of a difference? I'm very F2P in terms of artifacts, and I usually need a lot of healing.
hi, i have a build for a future alhaitham and i need help if i should prioritize atk over em in this situation. dmc who has his stuff for now is currently holding 4pc gilded with 1.3~1.4 atk (ignoring mc's ascension) dendro dmg 56/150 130% er, using toukabou shigure — obviously r5. all of this with an atk sands.  he has 343 em in total but with nahida (with 849+ em 149% er for some reason) + gilded passive + dendro res he should be roughly having more than 620 em which i think is pretty much okay for quickbloom or spread teams. taking all these things in consideration should i keep farming for an em sands or am i good to go?
Can 4 piece deep wood work?
when i put him with passive applied harbinger of dawn his ratio is 90/181 it's so good but seems copium and ugly sword😭😭
bro i am lv.80 ant sword lv.80 my max DMG is 75k
I regret skipping this dude for Dehya...
is alhaitham, yelan, kuki and yaoyao a good team? or should i use dendro mc instead of yaoyao?
Could a team comp of AlHaitham, Kazuha, Shinobu, and Ayato work for hyperbloom?
I want to play him but like I haven't explored the new desert area so my only source of pupa is the are around the boss....  I heard that he's flex slot in hyperbloom, hyperbloom flex slot is really packed huh
how can i build him as a support
Bro i dont really know how did you get that awesome substat artifact. How much effort u give? I mean i did my best but still trash..
the way you butchured toukabou shigure so badly 😭
Anyone else notice the other light of foliar in lvl1 r4
is alhaitham,raiden,yaoyao and xinqiu a good team?
Alhaitham for me is more powerful than Cyno, btw they are 2 characters very strong and I'm glad to have them.
I've builded him 2x deepwood and 2x wanderer with goblet dendro dmg and sand EM (use nahida full deepwood in team with him). Is ok for u?
What about the set of Ay-Khanoum's Myriad??? Is it better than dreaming steelbloom?
How much EM is reocmmended for alhaitham in a hyperbloom team with his signature weapon?
Hey, just wanted to say that you are the absolute BEST Genshin creator of all time. You helped unlock the absolute most out of my f2p Alhaitham and I am so thankful for how thorough you are while not going on and on about useless stuff. 11/10 recommend
Or we can actually put oz on the field first then alhaitham burst
"I don't need to fight, I just need to think" Huh, how fitting
im a little late, but al is one of my fav characters. was a little hesitant when i first pulled him but he's SO WORTH IT. he's incredibly strong and so fun to use
I love him but im using the umbrella on him and HATE THE WAY IT LOOKS
btw is yaoyao better than the dendro traveller?
I have had Al haitham Since his debut lmao, And he was still at lvl40 Because I didn't want him(He came at 9Pity and I didn't know yaoyao would be free on lantern rite so Clowning myself Innit?) Today I decided to build Haitham, I farmed His shit and Took him to lvl70, Thanks to Nahida I already had Ineguity farmed, I came for Weapons here to listen to daddy zy0x aswell
It was funny to me how I could clear current abyss 12 with my lvl 60 alhaitham as main dps, though 36 stars
So, after playing him after a few weeks, I regret pulling him.  1. He needs shielder, cuz he is stick to one enemy with autoattacks and if he interrupted by electricity for example, well.. good luck pulling your combo. 2. He always lacks stamina, because of the same thing — he sticks to one enemy during autos, and the only way to change target is to use the sprint button. When you fight against opponents with CC, good luck to catch them all and dodge all their attacks. 3. He is pushing enemies around. Together with 2 points above you will have 0 stamina and very little control over Haitam, unless you have really good damage or strong supports who can endure all CC and damage, so enemies die before you gravely run out of stamina.  All in all, very clunky character with very little freedom during combo and tight timings. Which leads to uncomfortable playstyle, some people consider "interesting" for some reason.  It turned out that I played Haitam after Itto, and in comparison it's night and day how this two feels and plays. Where Haitam is not in the winning position.  The only good thing I can say About Haitam is his damage. But the struggle you experience to pull these numbers is just not worth it.
He's fun to play! I got him by accident and was surprised by his damage! New favorite for me!
what artifact set do i need for kuki?
I'm using Alhaitham with Nahida, Kokomi and Raiden, but I would like to know how good is bringing Raiden into this team.
ill play him with my goofy main team NOBODY CAN STOP ME
i dont really care if any charracters good or usefull if he wasnt good id still play him cos hes hot /srs
What are Yelan ER needs in this team? They must be insane, right?
I like him he is my fraferet
he's finaly out
Which is better, hyperbloom or spread?
I GOT IN 1 SINGLE PULL AND MY PITY WAS 14!!!
With this guide.  I can be..  wait for it...       *READY PERFECTLY*
What artifacts should electro players run for support?
God he's hot
one question. The battle pass weapon it is a good option for him or he have better 4 * f2p ?
if i plan on using alhaitham, nahida, and zhongli, would miko or raiden be the better electro support option? i’m leaning towards raiden, but he didn’t mention her in team comps at all and what zy0x days goes 🫡 any tips anyone?
Great damage only sometimes feels squishy, but i was using bennet so pyro hurt him often, im planning to use kuki more
honestly this haitham build works great but he’s such a diverse character that like his build can vary on what team you use. he’s such a goat 😌😌
So they said if the restaurant fails then they loose their house and we find out it was closed... he laughs his head off was definitely the highlight for me
Accidentally got him.. shit here we go again
I USE KUKI WITH GILDED DREAM AND WIL ALHAITAM WITH GILGED. WILL IT WORK? I MEAN THE PASSIVE OF THAT ARTIFACT
The current spiral abyss sucks, literally forces me to use zhongli for the bird and scorpion team
do i use em kuki or crit kuki for ALHAITHAM ??
how much EM should be on al haitham?
Finally someone that will take criticism and help save their failing restaurant
Is Raiden good with Alhaitham?
My question is what arts should I use for Nahida, Yelan, & Kuki Shinobu?  Atm I have Nahida with 4 piece noblesse, Yelan with Emblem of Severed Fate, & Kuki with 2 piece Tenacity of Millelith 2 piece Emblem of Severed Fate. Is there any adjust menus I can make to this to fully optimize more damage + support between these 3 to further push Alhaithams dmg to higher heights?
Where is a consistent place to get the gilded dreams set?
If I don’t use any other dendro character in team , what is the best set can i give to alhaitham ?
i knew building him around EM before watching this was good
88.2 Crit dmg is crazy
So I have alhitham and nahida on team, should I use gilded with alhitam and wood with nahida?
I'm thinking of using alhaitham in my nilou team - alhaitham, nilou, yao yao, yelan  Is yao yao viable to maintain HoD uptime?
can someone tell what's Alhaitham's desired EM, and can the Mirror attacks crit?      and is it worth to sacrifice 165 EM for 30+ Crit DMG
and to think that he was greatly nerfed back before he was even released
Cam back after 2 months and did a one pull and pulled him so must research
holyshit on the 1 rotation killing the geowolf is priceless.
i just got him out of pure luck. just curious, do you recommend him in a team comp with yaoyao(full EM), nilou and xin?
Can raiden work with al haithm?
I just realized this, somehow healers became needed now while in the past they were mostly forgotten
how cringe is Aquila on Alhaitham? it's my only 5 star sword. am I better off maxing Harbinger?
God just kill me i have alhaitham but not the things it's needed
Is raiden good for electro supp?
ohhh my i was playing him totally wrong.. like just using his brust then plunge attack w his skill and then cry when he's not infused w dendro
Would raiden work too for er and electro reactions??
Ty for the guide! I suddenly had the urge to pull for him but I had no idea what he did lmao so I needed this.  Also I love ur team names lol
i got him just a couple of minutes ago!! can i run him with xingqui, kuki and beidou? or even nilou, and xingqui and beidou? or collei, nilou and xingqui?
Bro you talk super fast lol
you didn't say how much EM he needs :(
is the Ftp Toukabou weapon better than the Ayato main weapon?
all these new characters and I’m still waiting for dainsleif 😅😩
tip for all the f2p out there, you should max out all the free event weapon during event because of the -50% upgrade cost, even if you don't plan to use the weapon right away. It save resources in the long run in case a good unit work well with the weapon.
he said the "a" in attacks so fast I heard him say infuse your tax
Does the spread reaction scale off of level? aka should I level him to 90
thanks for the guide zyox!!
Iron sting Vs toukabou Iron sting is more useful because it can Apply to more then just alhaithems personal damage Overall iron sting is better because toukabou doesnt buff reactions And is only single target Not to mention its a limited so not everyone Will have it   Although in single target toukabou is better but does that justify Leveling it specifically for the small buff you get compared to iron sting on bosses NO ITS TOO MUCH MATS JUST DO IRON STING BECAUSE 90% OF U READING THIS IS A KAZUHA MAIN
I just got him! Yay! And I have his weapon too. 😍I'm gonna triple crown him for sure. But I also need to build kuki and Fischl too. 🥴
Dude, what´s going on with your crazy attempt to speed up your videos until you sound like a crack-maniac on prozac? :-o Uploading your videos with 100% speed would make it so much easier to follow. Also: It´s quite healthy to breath from time to time ;-p
Zhongli already has elemental res% debuff  on his  shield, isnt better use another artifact set?
If you play this video at .75 speed, Zy0x talks normal speed. Edit: Thanks for teaching me how to play this character right.
I got him after winning the 50/50 smh. I WANTED MONA.  I need the guaranteed for Dehya bro winning 3 50/50s in a row means there's no way imma get her 😔
Hes a fun character  I actually didnt expect to get him in rate off  But, nonetheless, hes fun, i like him, and i also have nahida, sooo... I just need to farm some artifact for him   I actually want to get yelan instead of this char, but... Hey, atleast this Character is actually good  And most importantly, he is a fun character, that's all matters for me
I don't have nahida 😃😭
If you like using bursts then Shogun, yaoyao, Tartaglia, alheitham is quite fun. Basically you get around cds by using bursts. Yaoyao is here as healer, dendro aplication and dendro dmg increase. Shogun is good because he is reliant electro applier and also has good burst. Tartaglia uses ele skill, apply riptide n then bursts. Alheitheim uses ele skill, charge attack and then 10 hit burst. This comps flows quite nicely. You just need to pay attention to bursts cds and Targtalia ele skill cd.
so teacher one question does the Gilded dreams stacks on a two sets on one team
Your guide just made my Alhaitham build better by replacing his sword with the Umbrella 😩
I’m seriously wondering how you can always have such perfect artifacts like don‘t u need forever for this or am I just extremely unlucky 😭
Can someone pls explain to me again which artifacts I should use? Sorry I‘m kinda dumb in that matter lmao💀 I don’t have any dendro characters leveled up except for Al Haitham so should I give deep wood to him? But it sounds like Gilded is better so do I have to build another dendro character first..?
What's the song in the showcase
I accidentally got him because I left my phone unattended and before I knew it, my classmates were screaming over my phone 🥲 I was just clarifying something with the teacher…  I already have a fully built Tighnari so I really didn’t need him. At least he’s hot
my alhaitham have like 93% crit rate and 176% crit dmg with r5 HoD. i didn't even bother to maintain the passive up time🗿
i pulled for him (+ weapon) but i ran out for yelan, which is so unfortunate cos i don’t have XQ either 😅 however, i kinda wanna pull on that nice weapon banner more to get a bow for childe 🥲 (i love my complex kit husbandos)
Just got his weapon in 20pulls so here I'm for some infos🤞🤣
I have umbrella but not its refines...
Gilgamesh 2: dendro tobaloo
Got him REALLY early on a 50/50 and he's now level 80. I mostly use him in my  hyper bloom team (Al haithem, Raiden, Kazuha and Xingqiu) and he's super fun to play. Problem is that I don't really have good artifacts for him :(
Think imma comp him with a dendro supp, Yae Miko and Keqing to swap to for his down time. Idk might be a waste but i wanna use all them constelations i got for Keqing.
So newish player here who got him earlier today, but how soon could I begin ascending him? I'm at ar 35 and only just beat th 1st section of the Inazuma story quests
Super random but I love in your weapons ranking list you have the “umbrella” in there. Lol!
Tell me but Alhaitham+ Raiden Shovan+ Yelan+ any healer. Is this team good?
originally i was waiting for xiao and i got him so for making next pity i pulled 10 in alhaitham and got him in 7th/10th that was unexpected😢
I plan to set up a team with alhaitham, fischl, zhongli, and some other dendro character. Should I use collei, dendro mc, or yaoyao since I don't have nahida or tighnari?
The biggest issue with Alhaitham is how there’s isnt any hydro applicant that can keep up with him to fully utilise bloom/hyperbloom. When such a hydro character arrives, Alhaitham would become even stronger.
This guy vs ayato which one's better ?
Why no mention of Raiden as an electro option. I would have expected her skill electro application to sync well with his normal/charged attack spammy play style
"Hey what's up guys!" Never gets old..
I hyperventilated watching that opening Wolflord scene!
Who else wasn't excited for Alhaitham but got him, and now you love and main him XD
My ayaka holding the mistsplitter real tight at the moment I wonder why
what about the royal longsword? 😅
Can you use Raiden in place of beidou/yae/ kuki and yao yao on place of Nahida?
what Artifacts should i put kuki for that team
Can kuki use the deepwood set for alhaitham?
i love that the toukabou  shigure is just called... umbrella
I pulled him at one pity after Xiao, I wasn't prepared
I keep getting blessed by rngesus & I got him so- 💀
i was trolling and actually pulled him
i accidently got alhaitham and regret everything. hey at least he’s usable in spiral abyss
I lost every 50/50 in this game, and this time I won't get Alhaitham bc I lost again (fun fact: I lost this 50/50 on my birthday. I got Qiqi). Why did I watch this guide? Well, I'm thinking about uninstalling genshin since I'm just very tired of losing, spending 150-160 wishes on a single character and then skip banners for months hording primos. This video showed me how amazing Alhaitham is and... I don't know. I guess it just makes it easier for me to uninstall and take a break.  I have no idea why I wrote this comment and why you've read it. I guess I just needed to get this out of my system. It didn't help much tho... I'm still very sad. Sorry if my eng is shit
Unless I really like kaveh, I don’t see myself running him with another dendro. A friend of mine has been telling me that deep wood is terrible for him and that I should go for guilded dreams . So now I’m here.
I got haitham wanted hu tao but early haitham and i was garunteed 😒even i build everything for hu tao 😒 now all wasted even i got qiqi right after alhaitham still i won't reach 80  May be only 73 by end of banner 🔥 Be happy hu tao wanters 🥺
Is the shogun usable instead of kuki with him?
Ok but for em, I'm using the toukabou shigure and with artifact sets you already get 300 em, in that case is it better for me to go for attack sands or should I just use em sands
Im sorry, im still new with this hyperbloom thing, do i need to build my team EM, or just dendro?
I'd be curious to know what kind of math did you do for HoD since your damage% on it is far different from many others I've seen, who rate it at the same damage as Iron Sting R5 and Umbrella
Raiden is not an option?
when i first got him, i didn't watch this yet so the past few days. i've been playing him randomly just figuring out his kit as i play without reading his skills lol but now this is a very helpful video
Xingqui+althauim+fischyl+taoyao 😆 🤣 😂 let's go new player luck
maybe one day socks will pronounce japanese words right
When a new player pulls him
Got him because I wanted Yaoyao but got him and Xinyan after 60 pulls. 🥲 Now I'm here to understand him. 😅
first of all : levling up💀
I'm here because I got him with 5 pity 🤪
How these guys have so many perfect artifacts, lol. I've just dropped genshin as many times as i can count coz of that system. how the fuck these guys are so lucky?!
Just wanted to say I just started playing a week ago and love your guides and insight for the game. Great video to follow along and really digestible for new players. Thank you   As an aside: Is mona a good option for an Alhaitham team? I got her on the 50/50 pity while pulling for him.
How do you get those stats 💀💀💀 I have the same build but  I’m at 60/200 with his weapon
Damn this Alhaitham is soo complicated coming from a Keqing and Ayato Main dps. I accidentally got him at the 30th pull after I got Diluc which was supposed to be a sure pull for Yelan next banner.
he's too clever for stupid me
Cheers ! I have two Haran. Thinking of using both R1 seperate. Would it be viable if I use them on Al Haitham and Ayato both or refine it to R2 ? Thanks !
Ummm..  I pulled Tighnari and decided to build pity for Yelan... 8 pulls later I got Al Hathiem... I've never been so disappointed to get a limited banner 5* 😅
Im not gonna lie... i thought about pulling him since I'm guaranteed. But im still enjoying my Ayato and Cyno mains so i dont think i can fit him with my current teams. (Especially not Cyno) but i wish all those who want him good luck.
Been farming the gilded dreams domain since 3.0, still did not get any decent 4 piece gilded for dendro daddy. I'm stuck with 2 pc deepwood 2 pc gilded for now since it's the only artifacts I have with good crit rate, damage and em
will Ayato be okay with Alhaitham hyperbloom team?
I dont understand when you said to switch to Fischl after using alhaim's burst and then switching right back to him. how do you keep the mirrors from disappearing?
Got him in 11 pulls 😐 I'm just AR 27 Brooo not gonna get his desired build for now lol
Which team would suit al haitham best ( he's running harbinger of dawn atm ) Kokomi, Raiden, Yelan, Al haitaham Kokomi, Al haitham, Nahida, (yelan or raiden)
Only bad thing about him when I try to do charged attack to get mirror enemies are either dead or too far i am not used to charged attacking with sword xD
Hello everyone, please help me!! Im at 70 pity guaranteed so now I wonder if I should pull for Alhaitham or C1 hutao? I kinda like Alhaitham but at the same time hutao C1 is OP imo
For me I'm kind of thinking about replacing mona in my team with alhaithem and as far as I see the other 3 members yae miko kokomi and raiden should work quite well as 3 sub dps for him in my party as for if he would be a dps loss over mona I don't know but considering how I already have him I need to decide rather to make him his own team or add him into my current team
THR TEAM NAMES IM CACKLING
I don't have kuki CUS SHE WONT COME HOME 😭😭✋
Thanks
Yo what event is that sword with the eyeball on it is from?!? Been away for the game too long lol
Got lucky and pulled Alhaithim and his weapon with the free 5 wishes from logging in. Might play the lottery next
which other characters is his sword for?
I got alhaitham by accident so im watching this because of that, i wanted xiao but i guess alhaitham will do for now :DDD
Question can he use skyward?
Anyone still watching 3 years later?<br>
Why is raiden not an optimal team member?
25:17 LITERALLY MY REACTION HOWS THAT EVEN POSSIBLE
Subscribed bec you cute
there is any character that have a shield like zhongli? i lost him the last 2 times to qiqi...
Bro its insane how i got him from 1 pull after getting xiao. If i did a 10 pull on xiao's banner i would have c1 xiao now, but they both came home. My Luckiest pulls ever.
🔰🔰🔰🔰🔰🔰 *You can pull off 6 consecutive instances of rain blades with Alhaitham and you don’t need to count seconds. Just look for visual clues. Here’s how to maintain 3 mirrors:*  1. Cast Burst (Q) with zero mirrors. Then he’ll get a refund of 3 mirrors.  2. Do normal attacks (do NOT do charged attacks at this point), and procc 2 instances of rain blades. 🔪🔪  3. When you see the 2nd instance of rain blades, cast his Skill (E) to maintain 3 mirrors.   4. Do normal attacks again (still NO charged attacks) and procc 2 more instances of rain blades. _(4 rain blades at this point)_ 🔪🔪🔪🔪  5. When you see the 4th instance of rain blades, now you can do a charged attack to continue maintaining 3 mirrors.  6. Do normal attacks to procc another 2 instances of rain blades. _(Total of 6 consecutive rain blades at this point)_ 🔪🔪🔪🔪🔪🔪  7. And then you can just spam his infused attacks until his mirrors run out.   It takes practice and familiarity to do this. So be patient. But once you nail this, I assure you the satisfaction is awesome!! 🤘❇️
you got 2 alhaitham weapon and i got none..
Aside Xiao, he is so good. Ayato is good too (husbando) but i find fun with xiao and Al since you need to push buttons while ayato..... I wont say anything bad. I love them both but i enjoyed playing with Alhaitham :)
Quite obvious that kaveh will be the perfect sipport for alhaitham
I no longer regret having pulled him despite wanting to save for Dehya. Still have some time to stock back up anyway. He is indeed insanely fun to play! Floor 12 top side was a joke with him on the team!
I was trying to get cons for my yunjin only to get him at 1 pity wtf?
I really like using the Sacrificial Sword on him. anytime a mirror hits or his dash hits, the sword can activate and reset his dash cooldown. Mirror up time for me is waaaay higher with this sword, but I see noone talking about it and was wondering if I am just crazy or are people over looking this because they didnt test it out and see that the mirrors actually proc the swords ability?
welp since i've got him was planning on getting dehya but i've got him so why not use him he looks fun to use than my ayato xiao or raiden
would ayato be a decent subdps/hydro applicator for alhaitham?
Is the umbrella better or haran geppuku futsu
That was a smooth ass showcase, I wanna build him with proper artefacts now, thanks man, wish me luck.
me with a lv90 harbinger......
How so u still so good playing even in red ping situation lol
I’m ar 16 and got it on my first 10 pull :D
Is it worth getting his weapon? I only have 4star weapons for him (iron sting, blacksword). My current stat is 1.3k atk, 70cr, 120cd, 750 em using irons sting and 2pc/2pc 80em arti.
So basically in order to play Al Haitham, I need the brain capacity of a Casio calculator
Jade cutter sword looks so beautiful on Alhaitham :O
This guy talks at 1.25 speed
Alhaithem is really powerful... My team is Zhongli (C0), Alhaithem (C0), Yanfei (C4), and the Raiden Shogun (C0), where Yanfei is the only level 90 character, Alhaithem is 50, yet he still does so much damage. I don't even need a healer, just the shield 🥰
where did you get that crit affects em? it literally doesnt. read the wiki man, its all there
I use alhaitham raiden xinqiu and a support(depends on my mood) and they work really well together. I use raiden e xinqiu e twice(I use sac sword) and then xinqius Q alhaitham Q use all the mirrors then his e use all the mirrors xingqiu e raiden e raiden burst. Works great
I'm here because I just pulled Alhaitham. At 10 pity after pulling Xiao. no cap.
is two piece gilded dreams and two piece deepword memories good for him?
POV you’re f2p and became friends with a guy who got xiao on 20 pity and the 50/50 so he shows you a ritual and you pull for alhaitham for fun and you get him on 15 pity and the 50/50. Couldn’t be me
Im planning on putting alhaitham together with yaoyao fischl and raiden and maybe throw out fischl after next banner if i get xinqiu or yelan - what artifacts would i want to use and which substats to go for since i dont know who would be triggering elemntal reactions then…
What set do you have Kuki on if you have deepwood on alhaitham?
I......won alu.......but didn't intended to......   After yelan and dehya were confirmed........I made peace with myself that I'll skip alu........before dat I simped for him like crazy.............  But now......he literally slapped me with "no horni,look at mah biceps,time for u to hit the gym buddy".......and there he was in the splashart.................I got a 5 *......and I won alulu...........  Never thought I'd suffer from success.........now I have to hope that I'll get early yelan or dehya
You make these domains look hella easy its depressing lol
Anyone else get him by accident trying to get yaoyao?
Haven’t even been playing like that and pulled cyno nilouh and this guy in like 60 pulls no lost 50/50s we do not have the materials for this lmao
*pulls YaoYao gets alhaitham 30 pulls in* honestly I don’t now how to feel if I’m being honest I didn’t really want a dandro dps sooooo
Im actually waiting for your Yao yao guide
Im running Mililith on YaoYao and Deepwood on Alheitham. Should I switch Deepwood to YaoYao and get Gilded for Alheitham?  Which is better? And if I switch, is it to niche? I regularly switch up my trams cuz I live the variation.  Mililith on YaoYao works in any formation. Deepwood makes her Dendro locked.
"Man, i shouldve saved up, lets just wait for the rerun" - me everytime
Got him at early pity (around 43), because of my gacha gambling
Please I want some Opinions on this team Alhaithem Water boy (his name is hard :) Kuki Yao yao I cant believe I spent 200+$ On this game.. :_( I'm broke now (But I'll spend another 100$ for ayaka my trip as a f2p player has ended...)
Al haitham ( main dps), yaoyao( supp. With healing but focus on supp), nilou ( off field bloom), beidou/fischl  Good team? Or stupid idea xD
Is raiden good for alhaitham?
do u lose mirrors with his autos?
I am waiting for your Yao Yao build. Pls make one 🥺 You are my inspiration when it comes to my builds...
Important  Zyox who should I get alhataim or yelan or hu tou my three main 5 stars are nahida ayato and kazuha and I am an ayato main but I want to change my main to someone else like Mona but she doesn’t give me the hyper bloom I want for my nahida so recommend me who should I pull for
What is the Kuki build in this video?
crazy how i got the alhaitham ad on this video
20:30 team comp named xiao is tall xD
watch me have no nahida and no yelan
Awesome guide as always! I have one question, if I use 4 piece GD on Al Haitham ,which artifact set should I put on my Kuki?
I use him in a dumpsterfire of a team that consists of level 60 kuki and yaoyao with zhongli on the side, and let me tell you... he is crazy strong. I am OBSESSED. I'm still trying to farm gilded for them sweet hyperbloom numbers, because my gilded pieces currently suck. for now I run deepwod with really good stats instead (71/232 crit, 136ER, 226 EM) and millelith on yaoyao.  it's great. been saving for him since his first leaks came out (the ones where you could only see one half of his model in very bad quality). he did not disappoint. probably my favorite character in terms of gameplay (alongside kazuha) and one of the favorite genshin characters in general. he's such a bitch I love him.
Fukkk(😭) jade speer
Lost the 50/50 on Ayato and gave up when I was reaching soft pity so decided to keep the free wishes on Alhaitham. It's always nice to play a main DPS since they are already strong in low levels, they are playable while you're gathering their materials. Yes, we have Nahida but it's all about playstyles and I think this is something we should already been used to by now. A lot of characters will have the same playstyle or same reactions and it's up to the player to decide who to pull for. We have 50+ characters now and we still have several regions to go through, just pull for whoever you want as long as you don't break the bank :)
Can this team work ? ( alhaitham , dendro traveler , raiden shogun , kokomi )
I pulled for Oya Oya and got this bitch , naw I'm here to think it was a good mistake 💀
i already have tighnari should i go fo alheithem (i don't have nahida) or wait fo yelan to pair her with hu tao and xingqui?
Can I also use Em Raiden
detailed guide as always. I really hope I get his weapon but it isn´t looking good bruh
Is he good with raiden? I was watching this hoping that it somewhat good but its not even on consideration.. wtf
You didn't show Al Haitham's feather?
YO I JUST GOT HIM ON PITY 76 ANS WON MY PITY FOR THE SECOND TIME. LAST WON IT ON ITTOS FIRST BANNER. CAN'T WAIT TO BUILD HIM!!!
I am wondering how to build Kuki for Alhaitham's team. Since we're going with spread and not aggravate, should I just go with pure healing?
he's a fun pull
I'm 1 pull away from soft pity, I hope I win the 50 50! If I don't I at least want Mona  Edit: I got him!
I got him at 20 pity right after I got raided WHATTT
wait is that… r4 of his sig weapon😮
Hey could u please do an updated xiangling guide if possible?
For me, it's easy to use his hold E skill and point it to the top of your opponent so you can gain 2 chisel light and plunge down to get the 3rd one then finally use his burst.
17:18 who in Teyvat is Tiffany??
I got c1 cause i have high ass ping 😭
imma be real: he put the game in easy mode. Mfer speedran all bosses and world bosses without any problems AND he did it quickly while looking hot af
Thats cool and all but wheres that updated diluc guy  Im not skilled at coinflips it seems
Thanks cuz i was using deep wood on Alhaitham ☠️, glad i have nahida.
i got jean ....
Is Raiden a good combination with alhaitham in the lack of kuki?
how's the alley flash on al-haitham?
In general, if you don’t have Nahida already, Alhaitham is definitely worth pulling, though he is a bit more difficult to play compared to most other characters in the game. If you already have Nahida, while they both serve very similar purposes and I would say Nahida is generally better by virtue of flexibility and ease of use, Alhaitham is still worth pulling if you want him, especially if you plan on using Alhaitham as the on-field DPS for Spread teams, or if you want to use him with Nahida, which can actually be really good.  I don’t plan on pulling on him personally, since his playstyle doesn’t really speak to me and I’ve already got Nahida, but I can see him being very rewarding to play for those willing to put in the time.
i see a lot of people talking about the media server. but what is it?
i love how he muted the audio from the first clip he did live cause of his weird noises
Just got double alhaitam, but no weapon, i am still doubting to go for c2 or weapon?
Good thing I pulled 2 Harans trying to get Engulfing. So now I have Engulfing Raiden, Haran Alhaitham and Ayato.
Should u give him tripple em when paired with nilou?
17:18 who is tiffany 😭
Within 40 pulls I got alhaithem, xiao, primordial jade spear and alheitham's weapon. 4 5* within 40 pulls.
I pulled only 10 pulls to try and get Yaoyao instead, and got him.  Now I'm fucked to get Yelan in time. But I'm not that mad, since No doubt dendro is the best element hands down now. Since in abyss sometimes you have some enemies with an element that negates a composition. Like that floor with mostly thunder enemies. And then I can't use my Cyno. But with dendro, since there's no enemies imunes to it, it's now the best one. For now.
Screw Dendro domain and it's sets. Farmed for months, filled the stash - barely managed to scrape at least something from that dumpster.  Robbed C6 Collei of 2pc Deepwood Memories pieces, because I was crying internally over every piece with crit from my stash failing on ascension.
I lost 50/50 for jean if anyone wanna help me i love alhaitham so much my id 731647654
I'm glad I rolled on Nilou and Nahida for this team comp. Dendro teams are my favorite.
I spent about 10 fragile resin and used all my daily primo transfer for resin yesterday for a god roll gilded dreams. I got some good pieces but ended up with a ton of god roll deep wood dreams lol. Also no luck getting his sword so going with the sapwood rip off lol.
Question:   You didn't mentioned in the video but for electro supporters, raiden can also work?? My kuki and Fishel are level 60 but my raiden is c2, level 90 and crowned, so... kuki is better then raiden for alhaitham?? Don't know if I can afford building her now...
I was pulling for his weapon, I didn't planned on getting him (I'm a dolfin) got lucky and got the weapon first try at 60 pity and with the leftovers I pulled on his banner for Yao Yao but ended up getting him at pity 20 after I just got raiden...   I have been really enjoying him for now, it's the first 5* chara that I have with his signature weapon mostly because it wasn't planned, he is just level 40 and already doing 10k per hit, I can't wait to level him up and give him better artefacts, he is so broken
kaveh: "Well, how strong IS he? Stronger than you?" cyno: "Of course not" alhaitham: "I'm you, but more efficient"
How much EM does he need?
If i get him, ill definetly paire him up with Raiden, Nilou and Yaoyao. Edit(22.09.23): I won the 50/50, dendro daddy's going to break ma' game!
I'm kinda regretting winning the 50/50 on Ayato now :')
im so mad that i got Al haitham. i was saving up my guarantee for yelan and her weapon. i just did a single pull on his banner to show to my friend how the wish system works and i got him at 37 wishes. im so fkn mad, i dont even have dendro mc built yet neither do i have any dendro artifacts on top of that i have yet to finish sumeru so grinding for his mats will be hell.
Literally just 36 Starred the Abyss with him on my first try. Gotta say, despite everybody shit talking him and calling him crap, his Quickbloom comp is quite a strong team!
Tell me how I got both Tighnari and Alhaitham from the same banner
Damn the amount of mora you have 😟
Candace guide pls
Can someone try alhaitam + yunjin? Just curious.
Me: "I'm not going to pull, even after this video" Also me: *does one pull*  And that's how I got Alhaitham at 34 pity. For some reason I always get the characters I want at like 85 pity but the ones I don't at like 30 xD
Really wish these mirrors also showed on the UI HP bar, or somewhere not obstructed by a rainbow of numbers 😅
can we use BP hymn lvl weapon on alhaitham ?
Alhaitham or dehya ? Hmmm..bit confusing
So.. I need EM, ER, Atk%, Crit, and more..  Hmm.. Can I get to use 7 artifacts on him pls?
*points at my alhaitham team* This is where I'd put my Nahida... IF I HAD ONE 😭
ZyOx its been 2 days where is yaoyao guide ?
I’m not sure if this is always true but attacking Alhaitham’s hold E will always lead to a plunge attack even if you aim it on flat ground. Using this, you can get 3 mirrors if you dont have your burst ready.
How about Raiden? Does he actually a good electro applicator too?
Team for al haitham with sig weao i dont have shinobu(and yae) tho i need an electro  . Any suggestion
Should I pull for Al Haitham or go for Hu Tao C1. I have Nahida, Collei, MC and Yaoyao as my dendro characters. I usually run Nahida with Kuki/Raiden, xingqiu/Yelan and a flex/Healer/Zhongli unit
that wolf lord one phase
AHHHH I JUST DID A SINGLE AT 20 PITY 50/50 AND GOT HIM
It’s beautiful. I’ve looked at this for five hours now.
Wow I missed Genshin making complex kits like this. I am definitely gonna have a lot of fun experimenting with his playstyles
Without Nahida He is nothing...
Alhaitham's weapon will be good on kazuha.
i didnt even want him i play for waifus instead of husbando but i won 50 50 twice trying to get c6 yao yao
If i have a EM weapon on him would i still want an EM sands ? Or atk%
How much EM does he roughly need?
How much EM? You only mentioned ER requirements unless I somehow missed it
Is it possible to get a upgrade Thoma build??
I fear many things... but nothing as much as serious zy0x.
I got him in pity 11 and I wasn’t expecting him but I’m having so much fun! I literally took notes from this video. Thank you zyox!
I don't regret this roll. With bloom and burning I had him killing lv60 enemies when he's still level 20 he's crazy strong.
One way I've used him is I use my skill and plunge to gain 3 mirrors, then once they've run out I use my burst to get the 3 mirrors again
I love how zyox got 5 copies of altham sig sword and he decided to level one sword to 90 and lvl 1 as r4 lmao
can I use raiden instead of shinobu? alhaitham raiden nahida zhongli
i Saving primos for hu tao and do random 10 pull today and got alhaitham under 50 pity. i only have 10 more wish for hu tao 💚
Random but... Do you ever "fix" peoples accounts? Also I'm AR45...is it even worth it to have somebody setup my account for success for me?
Lol i have the same team but instead aitham is cyno
Can i play alhaitham with Raiden
I gotta stay strong for dehya. Man he is really fun to play.
Toxic male privilege
Raiden is perfect for the electro proc
I find it funny ppl are saying he is complex lmao. U start with his q do some normals and a charge attack then repeat and u do great damage
I'm brazilian but your english is so easy to understand, good video, thats what a I need to build him<3
- [x]  It’s time to get right with Jesus! You aren’t going to automatically enter heaven if you’ve lied or stolen or had sex before marriage, don’t be deceived! The punishment of sin is Hell fire and we are all guilty of sin. We are guilty before God and need forgiveness. Call upon the name of Jesus and follow him. Pray and ask him to help you repent of your sins! He died so you could have everlasting life with your sins dealt with justly. He bore the punishment. You must know him today! You may not have another day.
70% / 230 holy thats are some really good stats, great video btw :)
I love how you have to be smart to play a smart character
watched this video, went to pull for alhaitham, got mona, madge bc idc about mona, guess now i’m guaranteed for baizhu 👍🏻
Will Al haitham weapon will be good on ayato ?
Is paradise lost good on him? It's too explosive and he always dead because of the bloom is too overkill
yaoyao guide where bro
I got it just now early on 34 pity also won 50/50 3rd time I m just in heaven😭😭
is keqing bad with him? maybe yae and raiden are better?
wait, why he have refinement 4 sword at lv.1 but refinement 1 lv.90???? whaaaaaaat
How do I build up all the three mirrors tho?
Top tip: hold your Skill, aim slightly above an enemy and plunge, instant 3 stacks
20 seconds into the game and I'm already confused again... why do you keep mispronouncing character names when the voice over ingame literally tells you how it should be pronounced? Is this a running gag or do you play on another voicepack than english and just don't know better? It's Al hey tham, not Al hi tham.
i hope i get him he's such a fun character and ilike complex characters. on guaranteed since i lost 50/50 but hopefully i get enough wishes to pull him
I need help i don't know who to pick between xiao and Al haitam. I'm at 55 with raiden national as my main team for abyss and i need another team. I don't have zhongli or faruzan. Qiqi diluc and raiden are my only 5 stars.
zhongli-alhaitam-kukishinobu-xingqiu
How is his synergy with EM build raiden?
He look like Ain from Elsword :D
I watched the vid but I couldn't get if he mentioned something about how much EM/atk% he needs. his alhaitham has 400 Em and 1.3k attack but how much does an average alhaitham need?
Where is the "talents" part?
Dude skipped keg days lol
I got him at 6 pity wooo
Genhin fandom rn: Wow he is such a complex character to play! Meanwhile Genshin Fandom on Childe: geh long cooldown
do you need to level his NA or is he like ayato
For me, "balance stat" is the only problem from him, since level up him does not give CRI as other DPS. Moreover, he want all ATK/EM/ER/CRI rate/CRI damage on the substats. But, he still have a really good damage eventhough the stat sheet looks ugly🤣.
I love Mr socks more than daddy haitham😍
Accidentally got him while tryna pull for yao yao, hope nahida rerun is not close
Wait, how long does the dendro infusion last?
is c6 yaoyao still worse than dmc as alhaithams support
Nice guide
Wished on his banner with 0 pity so I could raise it for Yelan's banner but then I got him! He is so fun to play
dmc vs yaoyao whos better
Just got Alhaitham, seems he needs Nahida and Kuki, both of which I'm running in my Ayato team... How can I use them both in the Spiral Abyss?  Or should I only be running one Dendro reaction team and another team with non Dendro reactions?
"Umbrella R5"  💀
WTF IS THAT WOLF DAMAGE
randomly pulled alhaitham and needed this
Mid overhyped character
zy0x trying his best to call him al haitham instead of daddy the entire video
zyox the goat back at it again with another banger guide
I have not been lucky at all when obtaining guilded dreams. I must have used 10+ fragile resin.  I did obtain a decent set of Deepwood, which is what I have on him right now.
25:18 exactly… I’m clowning at his banner, thinking i’m going to lose 50/50 but he came 🥲 But i can’t say i regret tho… He is THAT amazing
I wish they didnt nerf the shit out of his ult so he could both be quick swap and on field. The fact that the playstyles are mutually exclusive would ensure he'd be the same power level he is now
legit man stop that tone on your voice every time you end your sentence its so annoying i cant understand what you are trying to say cuz u drag the word at the end
man i just pulled xiao and now this is making me want alhaitham more LOL  but i am waiting for baizhu so i think i will pull him on his rerun 😭 thank u for the guide! i was so confused how to play him on his trial run  update: i caved LMAOO  not to worry i have enough for baizhu anyway <3
23:25 The team names were pretty funny
So I got cursed and pulled a skyward blade on the weapon banner. I noticed it didn’t make the list, but would you recommend it or a 4 star option instead? Also, I was thinking Al Haitham, Raiden, Xingxiu, & YaoYao. Im wondering if that sounds decent
why is alhaitham face so straight during his burst bruh
green keqing
could u do yao yao next the only person i can get help from is u lmao
I honestly feel sad about people getting hyped up by those kind of videos not realizing the creators have whale builds that they will never be able to match/will require months if not years of grinding.  70/220 with 130 ER and almost 500 em. Yeah good luck getting that y'all (with no crit ascension bonus Btw).
I'll have to get him next rerun I had to get xiao
Whats with the 27 mil mora though 😂
I put it on 0.75
I used Yae, AlHaitham, Zhongli and Nahida in abyss and holy that was so fun
I pulled for him simply coz he looks really good and I have every characters in that got released already except Tighnari so pretty much an ez skip for the 2nd patch. He is surprisingly super fun to play with like not coping fun just coz I have him but more on he is kinda complex to use fun.
I need some SERIOUS xiao help, anyone know how I can get him to review it and help me 💀
imagine putting alhaitham, nahida, kuki, yelan, all of them maxed out then say holy shit cuz you finished a floor very quick
I was wondering if alhaitham with diona sucrose and raiden or fishcl would work. Since diona can buff him wif 200 elemental mastery for 12 seconds and sucrose depending on her build can give aroud 100 elemental mastery for 8 seconds or so.  Thats like 300 elemental mastery so 30% damage increase minimum just from his ascension passive.  This way you have way more room for error since hed be required to be on field for only 12 seconds. And you can Raiden burst while his skill and burst are off cooldown.
Lol don’t forget the abyss BUFFS🙄
Your showcase is god mode.
Is Alhaitham gonna do good enough as solo Dendro in a team? I want to pull him but I'm f2p and don't want to pull for someone I won't use because he's to weak without other dendro
sry alhaitham but i need my gems for yelan
After 153 wishes… i finally got him…. And c3 mona 😢
People still play this pay to win disaster?
Oh also, quick tip. Just like childe you can look at your skill cd's to know when your 4 seconds of 3 stacks are up and you know when to refresh it.. I don't use this trick though. When the skill you last used goes from 18 to 14 seconds, you know your 4 seconds are up.
Question: if I run Al with raiden, can I run TF to reduce my cd?
Would al Haitham, fischl, nahida, and sucrose be a good team? Or would xingqui be a better option than sucrose
dEnDrO kEqInG
Is it just me, or is Dark Iron Sword aesthetically pleasing on him.
Anyone know which artifact set looks the best for dehya?
I was just trying to causally wish for yao yao now i pulled him on my 7th pull no pitty no nun now i gotta build him 😂
Thank god we have zyox 🤣🤣🤣 Im not genius to play this game I will have no idea what artifacts weapon or stats and sub stats
Aw I came here hoping to see Alhaitham running with Yaoyao. I missed out on Nahida and it's keeping me from going for him lol
So you want us to spend money on a unit while you get it for free on a media server?
Bro thinks he’s keqing
Im ngl i was leaning slightly towards not pulling for him but the fact that he has an actual tactical playstyle sold me, tired of braindead spam playstyles this is a welcome refreshing change!
this is probably gonna come off as very toxic but you rly gotta stop saying 'in fact' so much, especially because 95% of the time you say it it doesn't even make sense to do so
Thank you for breaking down his rotation in such an easy to understand way! I've had trouble getting the hang of it so hearing and seeing it broken down really helps!
i think al haitham is very flexible but he is not new player friendly, and that's okay. genshin is a 3 year old game with 60 ish characters. by now older players are getting bored and have all the best supports/weapons/artifacts even without being a huge spender. older players also know by now what playstyles they like (if they prefer braindead gameplay or comfort, or if theyre ready to try more complex rotations like a theory crafter). i'm personally glad he doesn't absolutely require the usual 4 stars (aka national, fischl, sucrose) to do good damage, but i admit he's hard to build and use optimally. that just makes it even more rewarding tho, and with more hydro and dendro units soon, i expect we will see even more team possibilities for him. he's got quite a few f2p weapon options too.   if you're a new player or just started playing mid to late last year, i won't recommend getting al haitham just yet because you might get frustrated. it took me 6 months to get my build right, and older players know thats normal for a main dps when you're already min-maxing. if you just want to clear abyss for the first time or just want more comfortable clears, just pull for older dps units like ayaka, hu tao, xiangling, etc.  good luck to all al haitham wanters 💚🖤
it's nice to know he can use f2p weapons. thank you for the guide it was helpful a lot<3
Do you think echoes could work as a set for Al haitham. Because I have an amazing echoes set and Al Haitham does use his normal attacks a lot
Does Yunjin work well with him? I've been Using Alhaitham, Yunjin, Yae and YaoYao but idk if I should switch her with fischl, kazuha or smth else :/ (or even change Yaoyao with Kuki and use traveler since i dont have nahida)
13:26, anyone realize xiphos r5 is below r1?
this kinda turned me off to pulling him, i didn't know he took so much priority on field. I think I have too many DPS's to efficiently run them to their maximum potential. plus it feels like a lost cause since i didn't get nahida.
This still feels so surreal. After so much anticipation, uncertainty that he’ll be playable and excitement over any small appearance or mention of him since he was first introduced, he is finally here. I’m so happy I was here to experience the build up and release of the most ant
I got alhaitham after 7 pulls so here we are
Both Xihphos and Iron Sting look so good on him, I'd dig a weapon cosmetic slot so everyone can look as good. Unleveled Sac Sucrose, Jade Cutter Kazuha, ascended Twin Nephrite Nahida, Skyward Venti... Oathsworn Eye Kokomi, anyone? Vortex Vanquisher Zhongli? Cursed Blade Kazuha?
I was waiting for this video. Thank you so much for all your efforts, man ❤️🤝🏻
I love how every element is broken except for electro and geo :) The Genshin community is so funny
Let’s goo I got him he’s a furry for some reason 💀
If you are running Alhaitham with Kuki who should get the umbrella? And then should the other get iron sting or black sword? Iron stinga and black sword r1, umbrella r5.
First of all: great guide man i think yours are so fking good you get the important stuff over. Secondly I would like to use yao yao with Alhaitham since i dont have nahida. Would it be better to run fischl over kuki then since yao provides enough healing? ( i have no idea how much healing she provides so im clueless)
why in every video i watch all hate him?
Me, not having him: Ahh yes, more information for my hyperactive brain
0:16 phinally?💀
the xiao-themed party names got me omg 😆
Would electro traveler be good for batterying/enabling quickens? iirc, his burst is like electro xingqiu/beidou and his skill is a good battery
How much difference there is in terms of damage between 4 pc Gilded Dreams and 2 pc Gilded + 2 pc Deepwood/Wanderer?
does raiden work w him?
Not for me 👍🏼💯
"You need the dendro set on you re team" *casually zooming on his 45 CV dendro set flower
I have R5 Iron sting which is lvl 90 but my umbrella is only lvl 20 and I don't have any mats for it. So is the umbrella worth the upgrade from an r5 iron sting??
Try hyperbloom and burgeon team alhaitham basically alhaitham,thoma, kuki and ayato or yelan 🤣
I’m on 60 pity now.. I have worked through 3 banners.. feels good knowing I am most likely going to get him in the next couple of days. My first guarantee!
...I tried to get him but I ended up with a c3 Qiqi 😭
Now I wonder how good this sword is for others... I can/want to wish for this one if its comperable to how good Mistsplitter/jade cutter are overall Or wait for those on a better banner...
Using Yelan in a showcase should be banned. It doesn't show anything...
Jade cutter better than mistsplitter? I doubt it
i lost to the skyward blade while pulling for his weapon and ive decided to not go any further, will that be a viable option? i've read the stats and it seems like it could work but im not sure :') pls help
Zy0x must have struggled to not say anything sus about him. Can’t blame him tbh
Whats a media server?
you do not want fischl. MIKO is better and more damage with him
Hello, Zyox.Thanks for the guide. Would you recommend using Alhaitham on a hyperbloom team as a replacement for Nahida? Because I want to use 2 hyperbloom teams (my current favourite one): Nahida, XQ, Beidou and Raiden; Alhaitham, Yelan, Zhongli and Kuki. What do you think about these 2 teams?  Btw, on this team I would build him with the green Sumeru artifact (Deepwood). Thanks <3 | Note: sorry. I rewatched the video and you already said that he can fit in those teams. Thanks again :3
I was summoning for Raiden and ran out of primos at around 75 wishes. Ended up beating the 50/50 and got him in two summons with the free primos they gave for maintenance. Sure I didn't get my C2 Raiden but if Alhaitham is as good as people say, then another character adds better value.
Another great weapon is Dark Iron Sword as long as you didn't trash it, not that much worse than irong sting and way cheaper to build. Also, DRIP.
Finally good support for Yaoyao
He's definitely spreading them legs alright
Im hyped for the ayoyao guide ❤
This still feels so surreal. After so much anticipation, uncertainty that he’ll be playable and excitement over any small appearance or mention of him since he was first introduced, he is finally here. I’m so happy I was here to experience the build up and release of the most ant
Goddamn quickbloom teams aro so broken, and way less expensive than traditional melt/vape teams
Finally the content I've been waiting for as a pair to a new character being released 🫰
Excellent. Big thing for me compared to other carries is his teams are so flexible and he deals good damage on his own, so you can basically slot him anywhere. This is especially important compared to other DPS units like Hu Tao or Ayaka which really only have one team archetype.
I’m on guaranteed pity but I’m confused on whether I should pull for him or yelan😭
I'm glad there are people who actually understand how he works instead of saying "dendro keqing goo"
Bro wgen i get him ima use a raiden hitham team
Know what, I.. kinda regret pulling him now.. His playstyle is.. REALLY as calculative and need much thinking as what his characteristics in general.. my brain may not be able to handle it.. maybe I will try, pray that my ping is good enough for those tricky playstyle.. or else I'll be back to Daddy Zhongli and Ganyu
26:00 that no lookback was insane lmao
the team names in the team comp section had me rolling 🤣😭
Playing him with keqing is excellent
Unrelated to the video but Jesus Christ that Yelan is build needs some improvements OMEGALUL
Wait wheres raiden shogun’s guide 😭😭
As an black guy, I will advocate for C1 increasing his equality of life.
Daddy oppa 😩 oh and alhaitham too
what's Kuki's build in that comp?
I'm a F2P player who prefers simple combos to obtain damage in my opinion on Alhatham, If you're no fan of complex game play just skip, but if you want or love a challenge and complexity, go right ahead.
3 mirror uptime trick: Q-NA till the end of 2nd sword rain- instantly press E(as after second sword rain mirror disappears quickly)- NA for next 2 sword rain-wait for like .5 sec then do CA(on 2nd turn mirror stays for short duration after 4th sword rain, you need .5sec wait so it can disappear then only you get another mirror.) I was looking for this kinda info but couldn't find anywhere, hope it helps👍🏻.
The Ruin Serpent break down was too amazing. I wish I could have such gameplay at least once in life.
I think I might wait for Dehya, I see the value in Alhaitham, but still I didn't have luck with Dendro or EM Pieces so I will wait for the next time
You talk so fast
Is Skyward good? Nobody talks about skyward
It's funny how a nerd who like reading book is more buff then an actual Oni that like doing physical labor
If you have skill to play him he has 100% uptimr
Wow Zy0nix talking about Alhaitham in a normal manner. Is Hoyoverse about to announce endgame?
People saying he’s trash because you have to do more than press a button and forget is hilariously fitting for Al haitham
Let me think, this creator always puts names like "this character is amazing" bro u have c8, like the best weapon r20 bruh of course it looks amazing
Him and Cyno are destined to share the same teams and artifact domain🙃.(Ofc you can use TF Cyno but you get the point.)
super nice  so gilded with em dendro and crit for alhaitham if you have his sig weapon  then deepwood for nahida and her sig weapon or thrilling tales  yelan or xinqiu hydro dps build  and what about kuki? i did not build kuki. should i build kuki or just use raiden with sig weapon and 4pc emblem?  i want to build kuki though for healing. what weapon and artifact set as well as main stat for her?  please someone answer thannnnkkss! ❤
Is it just me or is the Foliar a great weapon for Ayato? Gives crit damage and increases normal attack?
this games needs a skip chatting button OMG
ive tried both em and atk sands on my alhaitham but whys he doing more dmg with the atk sands T T granted with the em sands he loses about 9% crit dmg but i dont think its that much of a difference
thanks this is very helpful 😊😊
That wolflord didn't even have time to breathe holy shit
I love the guy but.. I tend to get interrupted mid attack using him, Especially on these damn Sumeru mobs that don't care about the fact that they're dying and attack you through the pain ;-; so yea that's fun, it helps me to completely waste all my mirrors... Aint no way I'm using him without a shield now, the moment you get interrupted all your mirrors are basically wasted and you can say bye-bye to damage. These charge attacks that I can barely feel the impact of also piss me off ;-;
AlHaitham, Kuki, Zhongli and Candace 🥰🥰🥰
hello fellow virgins
thanks mihoyo for not giving me an early on my 10 pull and giving me a shit catalist 4 star, would have gotten back into the game probably otherwise :D
Rather niche (whale) question- how much more powerful is Foliar Incision on Alhaitham compared to on, say Keqing?   (not me getting a lucky weapon banner pull and hedging on if I want to deal with an Awful character banner, even if I'm guaranteed)
I have 2 q that I think didn't get mentioned in the video. 1st one being does haitham and nahida apply enough dendro for a quickbloom team with xingqiu cuz I don't have yelan And 2nd one being does Fischl Oz and nahida e snapshots buffs? 🤔 If not isnt elegy really good for Fischl in a pure quicken team to buff herself haitham and nahida?
use your chargettack
yeah.. cant really see those tiny mirrors with all the shit thats happening so we just go full unga bunga on him
huhuuu bless me with alhaithm . i really want him but i dont have primo 😭😭 i need blessings
Lamoff
For a sword user, his playstyle sure feel "heavy" like claymore
Next mid unit that gets sugarcoated
Thanks for the video 💚🌿
Sadly I lost my 50/50 but silver lining is I got Tighnari which I didnt have! Still hoping I'll be able to get him before his banner runs out :3
R5 light of foliar incision jumpscare
Alhaitham came and so did I
i feel really comfortable playing Alhaitham - Nahida - Yae Miko - Kokomi
can 4pc glad work?
I have a concern. Because of your artifact's status are very good, next time, use the 4 stars weapon for showcase...
I always get excited seeing a build guide from you. You're the only person I can understand 😅 the way you explain is so much better than most for some reason... maybe its because you speak fast so my adhd brain is paying attention
Zy0x is so calm here.
Ye I will CATCH you're streams Mr. Xy0x
UID 743229781 primo gems please 😭
The worst character from sumeru getting insane infusion. Childe:  💀💀💀
Xiao💀
I watched all guides. And now i know: i need yelan 1st))
I thought you didn’t need to level his autos 😭
What about Skyward Blade? Could the ER passive help? It lets you focus on solely crit stats and EM
I fail to see how he comes even close to Nahida. As drivers they are about the same as far as I can tell but Nahida is so much more useful in dozens of teams. I don't really see the pull value
Alhaidhum or yelan. Who is the best option for f2p
Bro it’s been less than a week relax😭
I still dont know where you guys get those artifacts
he literally one-cycled the fckn doglord. what a chad
Can i use blackcliff?? And if I use that which artifact should I use with it??  I don't have good weapon for him 😭
How do you see him with the shogun?
Unless I missed it if you’re a whale and you have Alhaitham, Yelan, and Raiden Shogun, Alhaitham completely obliterates everything that so much as looks in his general direction. Combine Yelan’s burst with Shogun’s skill and Alhaitham’s mirrors and you have a team to be reckoned with
Daddy Alhaitham came home! Although I now dont have enough for Mama Yelan...  I won like 3 50/50 in a row, I think winning a 4th one is asking too much...
Im sitting here and so want to pull for him but i have Staff of Homa and i so want to give it to Hu Tao, both beign strong DPSes, Alth looking very funa nd strong to, gah!
When I got him I was so happy cause I wasn't expecting it. Then I wished for xiao and got Yao Yao !
@Zy0x i think you forgot to update his BIS beta name in the calcs board 👀
okay i want to use alha/nahida/kuki but if my nahids got 4p dw, alha got 4p guilded, what do i need on my kuki?
I took Ayato when his rerun started!! And I wanted Alhaitham and was able to get him yesterday!!✨ It's so amazing!! And he's also very good!!
No sir, Alhaitham is not insane, he is an intellectual scholar from Sumeru who is also very tall and smart.
bruh why zyox in guides always talk like he's wearing the drippiest business suit in presidential meeting but when in stream he's wearing 4pc clown set goofing off mmmm ｂａｒｉｅｔｙ
what artifact set would be good for kukki with alhaitham?
Another qiqi constellation
lost the 50/50
I got him in 11 pulls yesterday with zero pity. Still can't believe my luck! 😍His playstyle is so much fun.  Thank you so much for this guide. I was eagerly waiting for it!
Didn't try it yet but isn't sac sword busted on him? Reduces energy generation with the stat so you can go EM sands. Two casts of E brings even more energy and allows you to do a different rotation: skill, charged attack,  a few attacks, full miror burst, switch to supports, switch back to Al, skill again, charged attack, attack again.
What is the minimum EM for Alhaitham?
where does the green rain come from?
i've seen like two other videos but you managed to make me understand how to use this feeble scolar xD thank you so much as always <3
Yaaas! This is the team I planned to play him in. I did get yaoyao on the banner also so may slot her to have two dendro teams 😁. P.S. he’s my first limited 5 star constellation as I pulled him twice in a ten 💀 it was pretty close to hard pity but I’m still in shock days later lmao
I really want him, but also..... Dehya is coming :(
"Alhaitham who is personally my favorite"  We know very very well
4:13 could you not E, get three mirrors then when they're gone so you have 0, burst to get three mirrors and do that again?
The showcase at the end was sick, I will definitely invest in hyperbloom team once I get Kuki! Nice guide as always, thanks zy0nix
Alhaitham finally came   And so did Zy0x
I hate this update as a f2p. Alhaitham and xiao then yelan and hu tao 😭😭😭. Anyways, pulled for alhaitham and got him. Really good character that makes me feel doing something just like childe national
Idk he doesn't look flashy enough. Just look at dehyas burst. It's amazing
Dendro keqing going wild
Is it possible to use Xingqiu (c3) in Quickbloom team instead of Yelan?
im welcoming alhaitham with open arms and legs
should i wish for Al-Haitham or wait for Nahida....which one is the best??
Bro I need kuki so bad 😭
Main thing I get from this is: hes not gonna be good for my Nilou Bloom comp since I missed Nahida.  YaoYao it is then.
So who is stronger, Thignari or Alhaitham ?
I really wish you would talk slower
So to summarized, 24:24 stats with r1 (ideal crit rate 70%+) Also, Q first then E or charged attack every 4 seconds after the burst and he's busted.
funny how alhaitham ended up to be more complex than just the "dendro keqing" shit ppl be saying
I can really suggest Harbinger of Dawn he does already 2k damage with it at level 40 with okay artefacts (aren't all leveled up)
I got him at an early guaranteed, so here we are  really like how smooth he is tbh
FYI alhaitham with kuki is sufficient to maintain his health above the 90% threshold. Harbinger is completely viable with kuki
As I test so far, C1 changes his field time from 12 sec to 7-9 sec with 4 sec down time which make it easier to maintain support skill duration (if you start his rotation with Q and then E immediately after Q  then CA after 4 sec). And this also benefits his C2 and C6 that required him to had more then 3 mirror to proc his constellations.
Lost 50/50, no Alhaitham for me T-T
Is he better than yelan and shinchu
Though i dont have him i think hes pretty balance for c0 only if you have nahida tho, both of them works very well
Me with al aitham C2 by accident in 50 wishes
25:14 DUDE when you erased the Wolflord my jaw dropped
Amazing guide thank you
I dont have a Kuki yet, it's so annoying, the 2 in 1 is so good for this comp
surely zyox will not make obscene comments about alhaitham while playing this character
At this point bro is just flexing his artifacts on us 🗿
How much em should he have
lost my Alhaitham 50/50 to Mona at 76 pity 😢 no more primos 😢 big tiddie grass daddy isn't coming home 😢
hear me out  <.< .>.> fire none stop burning meta
holy shit harbinger of dawn is his bis 4 star period. you have no excuse not to have him above 90% hp at all times too. i go zhongli, alhaitham, xingqiu and kuki for a hyperbloom team and its too good. i have the jade cutter and mistplitter but ended up using harbinger since xingqiu uses jade cutter and my ayaya uses her mistsplitter.
wouldn't flower of paradise be a good set as it increases bloom, hyperbloom and burgeon dmg?
I love how I don't have any 5* characters compatible with him
4:04 socks why did you pronounce mirrors like that
adhd boy guide yes
10:37 Did you R4 your lv.1 sword on accident or...
The great twitch chat once said, “nice Yelan showcase” 😂
My favorite team atm is duo carry with Alhaitham/Hyper Raiden/Nahida/Zhongli. Alhaitham and Raiden together share a 20s rotation. It's satisfying to see that after alhaitham's time , I burst with Raiden. Rotation is Raiden E, Zhongli E, Nahida EQ, Alhaitham's rotation, Raiden Q... Rinse and repeat. ER on Alhaitham is 120 and it is enough in my experience
AL HAITHAM IS RIPPED?!?!?!?!?!
Started playing 2 weeks ago as f2p, tried to pull for Raiden, but lost my 50/50, kept pulling until the very end and was 4 pulls off hard pity. Was kinda sad, but when I got Alhaitam on my 3rd pull and tried him out, was extremely happy. Daddy is finally home!  Great guide, Zyox, love both your guides and random entertaining stuff on your streams!
You sound sick Zyox :(
He's getting Childe like treatment, where once at time of his release and rerun too , people were like Childe's weakness is that Xingqiu exists😂. Complex kit and insane dendro application is already enough to make him worth the wishes
Thank You! I have a important question I’m stuck on though. I’m stuck trying to figure out which team would be stronger. Let’s just say they are all level 90 and built the way they should be.   Team 1: DWM AlHaitham, C2 Kazuha (+200 EM for everyone), Xingqiu and Kuki.  Team 2: DWM AlHaitham, C2 Kazuha, Xingqiu and Bennet (Maxed ATK support with Aquila Favonia).  Team 3: GD AlHaitham, C2 Kazuha, (either Bennet or Kuki) and lastly DWM Tighnari or DWM Collei or DWM Traveller or YaoYao (I don’t have Nahida, these are my only other Dendro units to support AlHaitham’s Dmg)  I’m not sure exactly how reactions work but does it surpass the damage a huge amount of ATK a maxed out Bennet gives? Of these 3 combinations, which does the most damage? Thank you for all the future responses!!
He came and so did we...
I just got him today 😇
My impression of him was that he's a great dendro dps. But I'm not interested in dendro characters too much because the main ways to use them is dendro-electro combo or continuous dendro-hydro-other combo.
Thanks. All i see are that he sux and he's hard to use. But I'm enjoying playing with AlHaitham and it's nice to hear positive feedback for once 😇
Finally, a good main dps male character, it feels really good to have someone like him
i have no funny comment for u this time mr socks so just thank u for the guide! <3
I got ahaitham... but no artifacts, like none
"Alhaitham is Insane" Meanwhile, Nahida after doing all the damage and washing the blood from her hands:  -Don't thank me, always happy to help, bud
Now the only question that remains. Did Zy0x bust when Alhaitham came out?
Ughhh starting to feel like I wasted my pity on AYATO 😭😭
Btw as a free to play player who should I pull I can only get c0 character should I pull hu tao Or alhaitam for meta as I still cannot 36 star the abyss even with great units with good investment in artifacts like raiden, childe, yoimiya even with their near best in slot weapons like the thundering pulse, amos and the catch.
This is how 5*s should be at minimum imo, Cyno and Wanderer were nothing but cope strengthwise and people should not have been okay with it. Pretty nutty that Al Haitham was so much stronger during the beta as well.
couldnt you use raiden E with alhaitham for spread?
This was very helpful, thank u for uploading these videos as always 😭🙏 though I'm torn between which does more dmg or is better for him. The black sword or iron Sting? I wanna be sure before maxing a weapon. :") I have the black sword on him atm since I need more crit rate but idk if it's worse than the iron sting  :(
showcase NPC EDM music
i've been wondering who i should pull. Either Xiao or Al. its guaranteed pls help
Raiden is not good as electro applicator?
Alhaitham + Xingqiu + Yelan = Unlimited Blade Works!
Umbrella R5😂😂
Having him is a good change of pace for me. Instead of pop skill, pop burst, and then you sleep, "unga bunga" Until they can't move, or blindly shooting at the floor because so much sh*ts happening and you just want to get it over with.
Got him in my first 10 pull after 3 months of not playing--time to build 🥲🥲
FUN FACT WE TESTED  ALL THE WEAPONS LIVE IN SEKAPOKO STREAM ON TWICH, IF U HAVE KUKI SHINOBU AS PURE HEALER 1000 EM BUILD ALHAITHAM'S SECOND BEST INSLOT IS HARBENGER OF DAWN IT WAS A FREAKING SHOCKER BUT IT IS TRUE IF U HAVE AN OP HEALER HARBENGER OF DAWN IS ALHAITHAM SECOND BEST INSLOT ITS SO DAMN GOOD
So Hoyo won't even add endgame, but they make yet another restricted character that forces you to learn all of their combos and timings and shit. So you either learn their meta playstyle till it's muscle memory or their dps output goes down the drain. What fun. Why? So that we can kill 5-10 bandits from daily missions in 3 seconds without even doing a full rotation?
How about Burgeon? With Ayato (4pc HoD and Black Sword), Alhaitham (4pc Gilded and hopefully Foliar), Thoma (4pc Paradise and Kitain) and Zhongli (Archaic/Noblesse and Blackcliff)? Is that a good or a bad idea? I do have XQ but I need him for my Kaeya Freeze team. If I use this Burgeon team, how would the rotation be?
Alhaitham nahida kazuha and kuki are my spread team. Loving the hell out if it
Alhaitham is very different to keqing now that i learned how to play him
22:00 we sure do..we sure do
Green lantern vibes
DENDRO FATHER🍃
I will refuse to use the umbrella because I am revolted by how it looks
Does Raiden work as a battery for him?
can we use raiden as a electro w alhaitham?
I think that if you refresh the third mirror with a charge attack before his skill, you have more access to his charge attacks while the passive is on cool down, although this does increase his stamina usage. Since it seems his charge attacks have a separate 2 sec ICD from his normals, this could get you a few more spreads per rotation? Idk, I haven't built mine yet.
How good he is with Nilou?
I did a random 10 pull. And got him 🙄 he seems like the worst character in the game even aloy is better then him
Where's The Wipping Cock, I Can't See It 🗿
Is em raiden a good alt to fischl?
He is just 'Dendro Keqing'   I'm laughing really hard at those people now 😂
I lost so instead of having al haitham I ended up with I'll hate them
He applied the spread reaction to my legs 🫠🤣
Is using fischl or raiden better for him?
Watching this while waiting for events cause I ran out of wishes while pulling for him 🧍‍♀️
I'm kinda confused after seeing this...should i go for hu tao or him?
>best guide >report - misinformation
Title: Alhaitham is insane Me: do I look like I give a fuck because I don’t
I can't decide.... C1 yelan or this guy C0... Please tell me what to do xD  I mean he looks insane. But in the video he has absolute broken artefacts and the perfect weapon with I will never have.
He is a DPS one, imma get him on his rerun cause I’m still enjoying with Ayato and Raiden 😂
alhaitham came and so did we
Quick bloom seems absolutely busted with him 💀
Why not yunjin?
dendro looks fun but it seems you really have to pay to play in terms of artifacts, guess i gotta hit that domain.
So he looks like dendro Keqing but is actually dendro Childe(including being pretty much complete at C0)?
When Yaoyao guide?
I need a second team which does not include Nahida. And here u are telling that he works best with Nahida :'(
updated kuki guide for quicken pls
why didnt you mention Raiden at all?
I'm running him with 4 pcs deepwood with Yae Miko with Gilded dreams as a support.. is that okay?
I'm confused which character i should choose.... Xiao or alheitham... I already have dendro traveler should i pull for alheitham?
2 bad his weapon banner is shit. Shitty 4 stars.
He is my favourite character so far. Not only because he is Arab (I'm biased against my own), but because he is my introduction to dendro. I didn't pull for Nahida and I never build my traveller so I was just vibing with my other elements. I maxed him on the first day and good god that man is FUN!!
How much ER does Yelan need for the team comp you used to showcase?
As someone who has c1 yaoyao and c0 nahida, which do you think would be a better support for alhaitham? Yaoyao gives 15% dendro damage and healing, and my nahida gives around 200 em. I can't tell which would benefit him more.
I like how you just put "umbrella" as the name for the Toukabou Shigure, which is fair. And speaking of weapons, I don't have much choice besides the Black Sword mainly because I lack crit rate...
Really good info and video but.. may need to slow down a bit! XD
I'm a relatively new (half a year?) genshin player and extremely casual. I only have 2 5* characters and a lot of primos saved because I keep struggling with which character to pull for. I know most would say "if you're casual, just pull for whoever you like personally", but my issue is that because I'm so casual, I barely have any resources/good artifacts (I hate grinding) to build a new character, such that the world is getting difficult for me in general (I'm at AR45 and putting off the world ascension). So I wanted to save for a character who is really worth investing all my limited resources in...I like Al Haitham but he doesn't seem the best choice for a casual (and generally noob gamer) like me 🥲
If you have good enough sub stats is EM circlet preferred over cr/cd? Or does crit just scale better with the reactions you're normally proccing?
i got him at 35 and i was tryna build pity congrats to me i guess(?)
i watch every zy0x video even if I don't have the characters 😁
Is anyone else getting way more deepwood artifacts than guilded in that domain? I swear it’s been like 20/80 instead of 50/50…
shaft
I love how he looks like he works like keqing but has higher skill-based mechanics than keqing  And also that cursed 70 burst cost
al haitham came and so did we
Hi, I found a mistake in your video. At 0:47 there is a small mistake. I think you exaggerated this character's abilities a bit.
Awesome
I actually use a shorter rotation with him splitting the burst and skill into two rotations... his infusion duration actually fits well with the duration of Yae Miko totems. After his infusion ends Yae will need to place her totems again... So my rotation goes like this Zhongli HE>Yae EEE>Venti EQ> Alhaitham Q AAAAAA > Zhongli HE > Yae EEE > Venti QE > Alhaitham ECA AAAAAA > Repeat
Gayge
Mmm so interesting, lemme grab those pupa real quick
I love teaming alhaitham with yelan 😆
After 87 pulls finally alhaitham came home... Oh wait a second, tighnari came home!  FML
Man, this guys speaks too fucking quickly. Did you down a load of Coka-Cola before recording this or something? You sound like you're having a major sugar rush. Slow down, man!   You're like "here's something important you should know. yayaydaydydaydyadyadydyadydaydaydyadydaydyadyadydydyaydydydyadydaydyadydaydaydaydyadyadyadyadydyadyadyadydaydayadyadyda......" Whoa, dude....take a breath!!
Did he just went holy shit after killing geo dragon? 😭😭
Got Al in my first 10 pull from 0 pity. Gonna put him with DMC, Ei, and JohnLee
Okay what i learned is he IS strong but not must pull... Okay
I know it was already mentioned that any electro support can be used, but I’d like to know your (and other ppl’s) thoughts on pairing him with Raiden? Thanks!
Yeah I only have him at level 70 with talents at 4 and he's doing some good damage. Using Black Sword R5 plus Nahida in his team and he puts in work already. Best guy character in a long time. Not since Zhongli have we gotten such a stud.
I got 2 Alhaithams in one pull that's why I'm here
Can you pls show your team's constilations and weapons next time. It's hard to make a judgement if a character is good or not or if the other team memebers are carrying them... e.g you might have a c2 or even c6 yelan and nahida with best in slot weapon and really good artifacts. who knows.
It's been a while we have a Childe tier fun character.
its still hard to believe this voice comes from that chaotic alignment streamer in twitch🤣🤣🤣🤣😂😂
I REALLY felt that "Holy shit" at 25:16. One shotting Golden Wolf is an amazing thing. Top 3 annoying bosses for sure.
updated diluc guide  when
Like always, excelent video bro.
17:19 raiden and who?
Wait Harbinger of Dawn is 10% better than Iron Sting R5? Looks like the TTDS of swords if you have a shielder and EM scalings to make up for the low base attack. I'm impressed.
The way the chart was like : Umbrella R5 😭
Skyward blade not good on Alhaitam?
If you reach friendship lvl 10 with Al Haitham. He'll give you his Deep Wood
Does that mean I can use a EM sands on him
Thank you :D so excited to watch, I pulled him last night and so happy
Waiting for YaoYao guide
I waited for him 6 months (since 1st leak). I got c2 and with insane luck (pity 18 - 69 - 10) got his weapon. I'm so happy after those months I can finally be Alhaitham main T^T
how is he with raiden? would she be better than kuki or fischl? thanks!
perfect for after I accidentaly got him while trying to get yaoyao (i know it's very stupid, but at least I won 50/50 and he came early)
shaft
can i change nahida to traveler then yelan to xingqui?
AL HAITHAM PLEASE I LOST MY 50/50 TO JEAN AND I'VE PULLED TOGETHER LIKE 55 PITY FROM FLAT 0 AND NO PRIMOS PLEASE JUST COME HOME I CAN'T DO THIS ANYMORE
Time to build cookie I guess
what was you yelan build she damage seemed low. I think she was on 100% crit rate build or maybe missing some piece👀
Please COME to me Alhaitam, I got keqing at 80 pulls but I want dendro keqing!
I couldn't use him well but then I gave him skyward blade and he killed many mobs at the same time easily in level 60
Zyr0x live reaction to Alhaitham 25:18
tough choice between gilded dreams and deepwood on him
you got to give me that kuki build on 0:48 how the F did she manage to do 12k ?????
Is there any way to get the event sword toukabou shigure? I know the event passed but I wasn't able to participate in since I was on vacation :[
I'm in LOVE with him. Hella damage, not braindead to play, fun, and hot as all hell.
ur literally insane, thanks for the fast uploads dude
Alhaitham is so complex, and therein lies the fun. Just balancing his stats alone is quite the task ive got him 65.9 CR 240.8 CD 504 EM but no ER! its gonna be a balancing act.
I quite enjoy my Alhaitham, Yaoyao, Kuki, Kazuha team
It seems that another rotation you can do is by splitting your alhaitham fieldtime, doing two sets. One with the ulti and the other with the elemental skill and charged attack. Basically doing the same rotation as you would do with a keqing.
Just dropped 1k for alhaitham and his cons thanks for this vid(also fuck the golden wolf lord id rather fight 3 signoras instead)
I've been running AH, Nahida, XQ/Yelan, Kuki w/ Xiphos and the rotation is so smooth, no ER problem at all
Bro is already broke in terms of mora from building characters. And I can feel that crisis approaching me too 💀
I just know you've been waiting to do this guide
Since I play him with yae miko, dori and nahida. My rotation is Nahida E and Q, Yae triple E, Dori E and Q, then Alhaitham Q. attack for 4 sec. then back to Yae and Q, nahida E refresh, Dori E, then Alhaitham E and plunge again 4 sec attack.
Alhaithamisdendrokeqingers are punching the air rn
I'm so looking forward to mastering this feeble scholar's kit. Once I finish farming his mats, of course.
I got too lucky and got Light of Foliar  Incision in just 8 pulls. And I am guaranteed on Alhaitham. Wanted to go for c1 Hu Tao after 2 years but since I got both nahida and raiden that's gonna have to wait.
how would a hyperbloom team consisting of nahida-kuki-XQ-yelan perform compared to AlHaitham-nahida-kuki-yelan?
man, been a while since they release an unit without kneecapping them
I heard that they nerfed the absolute shit out of him before he even went live. Do you think he’s gonna be top tier in the meta? I need a powerhouse to carry me through abyss.
When the Golden Wolflord got destroyed like that I had the same reaction 25:16
Expectation: Dendro Keqing  Reality: Dendro KeChildehida
Can’t we use Raiden ?  Or the options you said are better ?
I only have 1 iron sting and Kazuha's using it ;-; mihoyo might get me to pull on the weapons banner for once lmaoooo
Any tips on how to keep track on the 4-second combo? Maybe an indicator like charge attack/skill after a string of normal attack? I dont mind manually counting but an indicator would really help lol, thanks in advanced!
the enemies can easily get out of his burst aoe. they should make it bigger, or can stun/ immobilize, or just make the burst activate on the enemy as the center.
I was wondering if you could equip him with a sacrifical sword for that skill reset and energy recharge for a more comfy play style or do you loose a lot of damage?
I can easily get him in 18 days but I kinda want Yelan or Kazuha :(
Got him 43 wishes on Raiden, I think a really underrated/not talked about weapon on him is the "cinnabar spindle". This weapon boosts elemental skill every 1.6 seconds and his mirrors attack every 1.6 seconds. If you put a cinnabar spindle on him, he might do a lot of damage. His skill will be dependent on 3 things. At skill level 9, the mirror will be like 80%def+114%atk+228%em. Cinnabar spindle bonus scales with dendron damage bonus, his a4 passive, and crit.
truly one of the Scribe of all time
Those stats... OMG how
I'm running 4 pc Deepwood cuz Yaoyao has Tenacity, which I'm trying to change. Running a good Crit of 62 over 190 with his weapon and about 360 EM. Thought i was doing good till i saw Zy0x's stats lol. 70 over 230 with Gilded is insane
everybody kept calling him dendro keqing. but honestly feels more like playing childe.  I barely notice the similarities with keqing because My focus is on the attack pattern and rotation.    also he feels like A hyper carry because the damage is massive when its his time to come out, but the teams he comes with dont feel like a hypercarry support team as well.   example i run haitham, XQ, Dmc and kuki. xq dmc and kuki is a viable team. but once u set them up and its al's turn, slaps like crazy
What set would be good for Yae Miko if I want to use her along with Alhaitam (4 gilded), Zhongli (4 tenacity) and Dendro MC(4 deepwood)?
this is my first video after seeing your stream and the difference is actually insane
Yaaaaas! Running him as Burgeon boy. It's been fun. 🤣
Damn I already pulled his weapon for Keqing. At least before getting it I got two new worth 5* star weapons for the characters I use (I lack 5 star weapons)
WHAT A PERFECT EXPLANATION AS ALWAYS ZY0X. THANK YOU !
10:28 That's a pretty cool weapon, surely you got this for really few primos
his mirrors are kind of like yanfei !!
i wouldnt recommend beido with the team bc you can run into a lot of problems with her mixed with alhetiham
Me whenever I play Alhaithem: Fuk me I'm all out of enemies!
The video is good, but sometimes the author speaks inarticulately, and i have to rewatch the moment, or watch it with subtitles.
I love his playstyle. Thanks for the tips!
I am dumb can anyone help me so I want to know what artifacts put on electro character in alhitham quick bloom team like 4 piece same as alhitham I mean brown one(Forgot the name)
yk where to come if u need a guide
Can Alhaitham's sword work on Ayaka? If so, can it be better than mistsplitter?
I am dumb can anyone help me I want to know that what artifact put on electro character in alhitham quick bloom team. Is it the same 4 piece on alhitham like brown one (I forgot the name).
Did he Literally Just one Cycle'd a Wolflord?
muito obrigado zyox
"Xiao is tall" 💀
I struggle to keep his mirror ngl 💀
I honestly wait till this man puts up a vid to pull lol,has really helped,thx Zyox keep up the awesome work
BABE WAKE UP ZY0X ALHAITHAM GUIDE DROPPED
Goodluck on pulling Alhaitam everyone!
I don't know why, but I like how you talk really fast and then stretch the end of your last worrrddd.
I swear those missiles are deadly!
Why is he launching missiles!?
I’m a busy college student but I find time to watch these guides on 1.5 speed 😂
nobody comes until alhaitham guide drops from mr socks 🙏🙏🙏🙏
Thank you Nick for the guide... Your videos are great... also balls..
I was more excited to watch this video than I was to pull for Alhaitham
17:19 that tighnari threw me off
how does it feel to have your 2 favorite genshin characters on the same banner?      got al haitham in 7 pity on 50/50
After seeing so many montages of zyox thyrsting after This character I am having a hard time listening to him being so tecnical.
Feels like this video is at 2x speed.
Shaft
i've been going on and off hiatus in the game in the last year and it's still a bit hard for me to accept all these new dps main characters who want em sands, a voice in the back of my head keeps insisting atk/em %/c or cd is always better for any dps and em is only for support dpses or swirl. sorta makes me feel like an old man insisting the old ways were the right ways.  anyway thanks for the guide!
C6  is great for real. BUT, I do think it completely deletes all nuance from his character. The rotation and risk vs reward playstyle is what makes him so amazing and fun in my opinion.
I still cant decide whether to pull alhaitham or just save for yelan :(  edit: i got alhaitham 🤡
since damage bonus stack, is it better to just get EM goblet instead of dendro goblet? because  1)it buffs spread damage  2)alhaitham has alot of EM scaling 3)you get damage bonus from his ascension and also his a4 for elemental skill(damage bonus based on EM) 4)his BIS weapon gives damage bonus(im not so sure) based on EM   so considering all this, wouldnt EM/EM/CRIT be better?  edit: BIS weapon for haitham is a flat bonus, but my point still stands
His burst be like:  "Take this, Paimon! 20 meters Emerald Splash!"
25:17 Holy shit indeed
But Yaoyao guide when?
Alhaitham is way too busted, his playstyle and his kit literally takes dendro reactions to a whole new level, don’t regret pulling for him at all.
hey what's up guys welcome to my complete alhaitham guide alhaitham is the newest character in genshin impact who is finally here he is a dendro five star who can deal significant amounts of damage from on field and so in today's video we're going to be covering everything you need to know about alhaitham talking about his best builds play styles combos teams and so much more this is going to be a comprehensive video so that you can pick out how to best build and also play this character who personally is one of my favorites now before we begin a few things you need to know first of all i've had a lot of time to play alhaitham on a media server before he went live which is why i get to give you guys this information so early furthermore i got to test him on my livestream as soon as he came out and in case you're wondering i do stream most nights on twitch link in the description if you wanna catch me live and without further ado let's get right into the video
"Therapy can't fix me but Alhaitham could." -Zy0x (2022)
Finally, it took you long enough. Now I can artifact for my king
LAMENT
Is it just me or is it weird hearing zy0x speak calm and normal after seeing how he is in his live streams 💀
This dude speaks faster than my brain can process 🤣
Lo esperaba muchas gracias zyox un saludo
Solo dendro alhaitham, the artifact that i use for him is shimenawa. Ayato's artifact is also good for him.
SHAFT PEPOSHY
The ping in ur showcase💀
I just need to get him🥲
watching al-haitham guides hoping i'll somehow still get him after 140 pulls and zero primogems
I love how Mr. socks was calm, compose and cease himself from simping on Alhaitham for 26 mins
The Waffle House has found it's new host
Are there any good team comps without Nahida? (skipped her lol) I wanna run my alhaitham 4p guilded, with raiden, and maybe zhongli but i have no idea who to put in the middle
I LOST MY 50/50
What should my hydro character's artifacts be in hyperblooms? Nahida, Xingqui, Yelan, Kuki specifically
I stg, this man says "as" literally 100 times per vid.
YOU LOOKS INTO ZY0X'S EYES YOU BOTH BLUSH THE HE POINTS YOUR CHIN UP THEN YOU BEGIN TO KISS EACH OTHER FINALLY ZY0X GET ENOUGH ER TO ACTIVATE HIS BRUST THEN HE PUSH YOU ON THE BED AND LEMENTS ALL OVER YOU
Yaoyao guide please 🥺
it's weird watching zyox talk about alhaitham without thirsting over him
got alhaitham, lost c3 xiao to mona, but got 2 pjws 😭😭 still going for lofi sword... but hey xiao has r3 weap now so it's a win for the tall king ig  i LOVE using alhaitham hes so much fun and learning his attack patterns is rewarding :] super glad i got him i love dendro a lot
i'm just get him 5 minutes ago. You rock, dude. Sos un crack.
Im gonna  use zyox sentence "I come when alhaitham comes"
omg 25 mins ago what
Keqing came home instead 🥲
nothing else convinces me like a zy0x guide
woah just what i was looking for! TY SO MUCH
Does anyone know which hydro character is better for an Alhaitham hyperbloom team between Kokomi, Yelan and Xingqiu?
I have been waiting for thia before i pull, Thank you Zy0x 🖤
Mr. Zy0x, you should let Sick0x record more videos for you, he did a great job on this one
Badass character's best f2p weapon is an umbrella..
Here early for dendro keqing daddy
can we get a extra detailed retriburgeon diluc guide next?
Got this guy 2 wishes after Shogun! Enjoying his cool gameplay so far
would 2pc em/2pc attack be better if i have better stats on them? or should i just go 4pc guilded?  2pc em/2pc atk 82:196 104% ER 4 gilded 75:188 134% ER
Alhaitham busted, and so did Mr. Socks
I would literally stay in the kitchen for Alhaitham.
just a nit: looks like ur thumbnail spaces out Al Haitham where ur vid description and title doesn’t Alhaitham  just thought i’d point out (:
So.. alhaitham, nahida, kuki, and (yelan or xingqiu ? Which is better).
WHOO 15 MINUTES. I really wanted him but idk anymore, who knows tho, I might just be impulsive
Been waiting for your guide
Thank you, I really need this guide!
dendro keqing? more like keqing is electro haitham
I was saving for Ayaka... But this dude is so fun I may be changing loyalties
Where's birdy bird at??
YELAN SOLOS
YUH
Yoooo, that random dendro goblet from the 3.0 vid can be used now for alhaitham since he stacks em lol
Finally a good guide! I’ve been looking for this for a while!
AYEEE LANTERN RITW IS OUT IN ASIA SERVER
Got him in 20 Pulls, now I just need to build him.  *Thanks for the guide!* 👍
I’LL ROOT YOU AND THEN BOOM 🌱
tysm for giving us a guide mr. scoks!
I am currently crying so hard right now. This is seriously the most beautiful, well put together story ever. I can’t believe how magical it was 1:12. That part truly made me shed a tear. And especially at 6:34 that part was just so truly heart touching words can not describe the series of emotions I felt. I absolutely loved the climax it had insanely excellent detail. Oh and we can’t forget the conclusion. The conclusion was the greatest and saddest conclusion I have ever seen better than any of the books I have read. Thank you so much for creating this absolute masterpiece. This is essentially the most important masterpiece of film history. It is a tragedy that this, it can’t be called a film, but a transcendent emotional experience, will be inaccessible for most. It beautifully encapsulates the human struggle to its basics; suffering, pleasure, faith, despair. It connects with the characters within the viewers, individuals suppressed within our own subconscious. It stays vibrant, fresh, and revolutionizes the art of storytelling and filmmaking while making a damn of statement on what it means to be human. Entertaining, gripping, and simply exhilarating. This might be the most impactful piece of art I’ve come across in my life, and I’m definitely coming back to it in the near future to study it more deeply. this is an absolute masterpiece , I was brought to tears listening to this and seeing the bacon go whirly swirly in a circle countless times. it absolutely moved my soul , and I don't think I can ever be the same. this bacon has changed my entire mental state , I am now at peace with who I am and what I will be doing later in my life. i have forgiven all my enemies and now I am a man of a pacifist life. I will move on , gotta move on , as the song says. the bacon is so inspirational , it shares it vast wisdom with all of us , and we are all so lucky that it would bestow it's great words with us. we are all children on bacon. hail bacon. hail bacon. The spinning bacon, rotating in one direction with this music... This made me tear up. How could such a bacon do such a thing? I'm struck by awe by this masterpiece. Especially when the bacon spins, showing its lightly salt covered tan skin. I can hear the crunch just from here, and so as the beautiful sound of the bacon scraping the dark, smooth velvet floor.  The flavor, music and everything can be heard, tasted, seen and felt from a screen. You can really hear the breaths between the music artist, empathizing her love for this rotating bacon. Truly what I call modern art. This was the most legendary performance by any piece of bacon I have ever watched. The acting was top tier and very life changing. This is one of the greatest work from a piece of bacon I have ever seen especially on 57:42.I am currently crying so hard right now. This is seriously the most beautiful, well put together story ever. I can’t believe how magical it was at 1:12. That part truly made me shed a tear. And especially at 6:34 that part was just so truly heart touching words can not describe the series of emotions I felt. I absolutely loved the climax it had insanely excellent detail. Oh and we can’t forget the conclusion. The conclusion was the greatest and saddest conclusion I have ever seen better than any of the books I have read. Thank you so much for creating this absolute masterpiece. This is essentially the most important masterpiece of film history. It is a tragedy that this, it can’t be called a film, but a transcendent emotional experience, will be inaccessible for most. It beautifully encapsulates the human struggle to its basics; suffering, pleasure, faith, despair.  It connects with the characters within the viewers, individuals suppressed within our own subconscious. It stays vibrant, fresh, and revolutionizes the art of storytelling and filmmaking while making a damn of statement on what it means to be human. Entertaining, gripping, and simply exhilarating. This might be the most impactful piece of art I’ve come across in my life, and I’m definitely coming back to it in the near future to study it more deeply. this is an absolute masterpiece , I was brought to tears listening to this and seeing the bacon go whirly swirly in a circle countless times. Tt absolutely moved my soul , and i don't think I can ever be the same. this bacon has changed my entire mental state , I am now at peace with who I am and what I will be doing later in my life. i have forgiven all my enemies and now I am a man of a pacifist life. I will move on , gotta move on , as the song says. the bacon is so inspirational , it shares it vast wisdom with all of us , and we are all so lucky that it would bestow it's great words with us. we are all children on bacon. hail bacon. hail bacon. The spinning bacon, rotating in one direction with this music... This made me tear up. How could such a piece of bacon do such a thing? I'm struck by awe by this masterpiece. Especially when the bacon spins, showing its lightly salt covered tan skin. I can hear the crunch just from here, and so as the beautiful sound of the bacon scraping the dark, smooth velvet floor.  The flavor, music and everything can be heard, tasted, seen and felt from a screen. You can really hear the breaths between the music artist, empathizing her love for this rotating bacon. Truly what I call modern art. This was the most legendary performance by any bacon I have ever watched. The acting was top tier and very life changing. This is one of the greatest work from a bacon I have ever seen especially on 17:24. I am currently crying so hard right now. This is seriously the most beautiful, well put together story ever. I can’t believe how magical it was 1:12. That part truly made me shed a tear. And especially at 6:34 that part was just so truly heart touching words can not describe the series of emotions I felt. I absolutely loved the climax it had insanely excellent detail. Oh and we can’t forget the conclusion. The conclusion was the greatest and saddest conclusion I have ever seen better than any of the books I have read. Thank you so much for creating this absolute masterpiece. This is essentially the most important masterpiece of film history. It is a tragedy that this, it can’t be called a film, but a transcendent emotional experience, will be inaccessible for most. It beautifully encapsulates the human struggle to its basics; suffering, pleasure, faith, despair. The work put in to this is incredibly inspiring. The graphics, the animation, the music, so much thought was put into it. This has remined me that you can do anything you put your mind to. Not even mentioning the memories, this makes me feel like an infant again, just laying my eyes on this beautiful masterpiece gives me all the good feelings in life. I also understand what happiness is again from this. Not even to mention the most incredible part that is 2:10. Bacon spinning has changed my life for the better. It connects with the characters within the viewers, individuals suppressed within our own subconscious. It stays vibrant, fresh, and revolutionizes the art of storytelling and filmmaking while making a damn of statement on what it means to be human. Entertaining, gripping, and simply exhilarating. This might be the most impactful piece of art I’ve come across in my life, and I’m definitely coming back to it in the near future to study it more deeply. this is an absolute masterpiece , I was brought to tears listening to this and seeing the bacon go whirly swirly in a circle countless times. it absolutely moved my soul , and I don't think I can ever be the same. this bacon has changed my entire mental state , I am now at peace with who I am and what I will be doing later in my life. So much great graphic design, so much suspense, so much greatness in this one video. i have forgiven all my enemies and now I am a man of a pacifist life. I will move on , gotta move on , as the song says. the bacon is so inspirational , it shares it vast wisdom with all of us , and we are all so lucky that it would bestow it's great words with us. we are all children on bacon. hail bacon. hail bacon. The spinning bacon, rotating in one direction with this music... This made me tear up. How could such a bacon do such a thing? I'm struck by awe by this masterpiece. Especially when the bacon spins, showing its lightly salt covered tan skin. I can hear the crunch just from here, and so as the beautiful sound of the bacon scraping the dark, smooth velvet floor.  The flavor, music and everything can be heard, tasted, seen and felt from a screen. You can really hear the breaths between the music artist, empathizing her love for this rotating bacon. Truly what I call modern art. This was the most legendary performance by any bacon I have ever watched. The acting was top tier and very life changing. This is one of the greatest work from a piece of bacon I have ever seen especially on 57:42. I am crying. This has made me go through an emotional rollercoaster. I cried, beat off, and also watched a movie while watching this premiere. This has made me go through so much. I passed depression because of this. It really inspired me to become an outstanding young man. Thank you. Also .
I was just about to say how early you got this guide out and then you explained it in the vid lol
Aye, I just need to decide on getting this buff boy or... lamenting at C1.
Let’s goooo, it’s finally here, time to main my new fav male character
thank you lord zyox for this guide ♡
thanks for the keqing guide mr socks
Zy0x, Born August 15, 2000. Age, 22, is a Canadian Genshin Impact YouTuber, and also a Twitch streamer primarily known for making informative guides on YouTube about Genshin Impact. He also does account reviews, analysis of newly released artifacts, and showcases or challenges in Genshin Impact.
(been waiting the entire day for this to come out)
LETS GO
OMEGA COCKA King is here. While I do wish his burst was overall cheaper and his normals weren't nerfed, I do love how he's actually got something of a skill gap. Really enjoying him so far
thank u for providing such a detailed guide this early!! truly the best
Are you also gonna make an updated Yelan/Hu Tao guide?
I'm still hoping to get him 😢
seeing Zy0x uploading 2 times a day is quite refreshing
I been waiting for this guide!!!
shaft finally he came and so did we all. anyways i might actually pull for him after watching this, I was afraid of him being underwhelming but doesn't seem to be the case (probably because dendro is so strong already) and I do have both a weapon and the artifacts for him, thanks for the guide mr socks! Nerdge
watched every single second of this, awesome video!
"most nights" ICANT
Alhairtam feels like childe with keqing skills
Thank you Mr socks
His reception reminds me of Tartaglia's kit.
Des balles
Grass-Type Keqing, let's go.
Alhaitham so good he can make spread reactions on people without applying dendro lmao
Wow zy0x. You’ve inspired me to change my life for the better. I no longer play gacha games but instead I go outside. I help those in need. I bake fresh loaves of bread for everyone in my community who needs it I now am a good tax paying Samaritan. I am the greatest person because you inspired me zy0x. I need you to know how much of a genshin impact you’ve had on my life. A positive force, for good. Wow, I’m truly touched, loved by such an emotional speech. Anyways I'll have you know I’m seven foot five on a bad day that's after my spine compressed when I’m fresh out of bed I lament to heights of nine to ten feet I’m like a skyscraper there are clouds around me people ask zy0x how is the air up there it must be hard to breathe Also did you know. DID YOU KNOW. The Zy0x mating call, aka the “Zy0xussy” is a special sound that Zy0x makes when in heat while on stream. In 2022, it was pointed out that the sound of the Zy0x mating call, mimics that of a dying hedgehog which most likely signifies Zy0x’s love for hedgehogs.  Additionally, Zy0x is definitely one of the content creators of all time. His guides are one of the ones I’ve seen. These clips are part of my year. Without his videos my day feels like a day. He’s the most perosn I’ve ever met. His Xiao artifacts are one of the character builds I’ve seen. Undoubtedly one of the streamers of 2022. - New York Times Seller (2023). But oh my god Zy0x. Not only did I know that you were already tall, humble, charismatic, funny, entertaining, and just... good overall, that you deserve this piece, but now, I can see... you getting rewarded for once, when every other time you’ve been unlucky.  I just wanted to tell you.. hey Zy0x, I’m so grateful you’re streaming. This is such a nice calming soothing experience that really makes me happy and makes me enjoy Genshin Impact even further than I already do. You are such a respectable, cool, and calm individual that I can feel comfortable playing the audio on speakers, Bluetooth in front of my whole class. 92
shaft
dendro daddy
shaft guide letsgooooo
The long awaited alhaitham guide is here letsgoo !!
PD
Al Haitham has come and so have I
Finallyyyy
Alhaitham came and so did I
truly one of the guides out there
i love how he's actually a complex character, learning the optimal way to play him is a lot of fun and feels very rewarding
at least 2 sauces tall if you ask me
got him and his weapon yesterday, time to get the grind going 🏃‍♀️
Ty!!!
Wake up babe new zyox guide just dropped
Thank you ❤️❤️❤️❤️
certainly one of the guides of all time
Updated Diluc guide when? 😀
im so fast idk what to say. still trying to get this man. im on 78 pity.. the pain TT
ballshd
This is the first time I’m seeing a video after less than a minute of uploading
Thanks for the vid, kudos to you and the editors :D
Never clicked so fast LETS GOO
Like for good luck on Alhaitham pulls!
first
👍
feels illegal to be this early
oh my god thats crazy bc my government assigned full birth name thats on my birth certificate is actually kaveh 😭😭😭
Wow being the 4th person to view this feels special thanks for the guides as always Zy0x
IVE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS
THE THINGS HE (Alhaitham) COULD DO TO ME -zy0x
Shaft
YES IT HERE
YIPEEEEEEEEEE
lament
BABES THE ALHAITHEM GUIDE DROPPED!! Thank you mr zy0x you’re so tall and kind and tall and cool and tall just like xiao
YIPPE
WOOOOOOOOO ALHAITHAMMMMM
a
Candice guide when?
meow.
i win
he's finally here LETS GOOOOO  hope u enjoyed the guide i tried my best to include as much information as possible & get it out as early as I could <3 Yaoyao guide next 👀
