Tricked everyone into thinking it was a good game
Garten? I thought it was garden
they got banbanned
You are just trash talking this game for some reason. You are not even giving any valid reasons. If you want us to agree with you then actually tell us why it's so bad. Garten of banban might not be the best, but you can not just trash it without giving a good reason .
What’s so bad about it if you don’t mind me asking like literally your making it seem like it’s the worst thing on earth and I won’t belive it until you give a valid point
Fusion is goated
in garten of banban we have to find our missing kids
Strangely, something in my mind registers Garten of Banban and the busses from *Busy Buses as the same thing, enormous gummy sweets. I don't fear them, they should fear me and my sweet tooth.  *nothing against Busy Buses, it's an OK talking vehicle show.
Stop banban hate
Both poppy playtime chapter 1 and garden of banban chapter 1 are short games
Wtf is a rainbow friends?
bro is raging
A Kinder Garten is German its a damn daycare
I'm from the future. Matpat has made multiple theories about Garten of banban. the developers milk the series of sequels, content farms milk it, and you made much more videos about your hate for it to only do a cameo in latest one
Hes scared
This game is pure slop
That's it, I'm blaming UhYeah for the reason this game became unironically popular
Coming back to this over 2 years later, it’s insane to think that if Fusion’s video wasn’t recommended to you, the Garten Of Banban WOULD have drifted away into obscurity. But it was your Bird Up hashtag taking over Twitter for a week that cemented this as a mascot horror insanity, that is somehow still relevant.
Poppy playtime ch3 looked at this game and said “Ok I’m not becoming THAT”
7:12 oh… oh you fool…
But little did he know
Everyone tells me indie devs make the best games. I’ll just show them this game. 😂
DMuted called you a Canadian furry💀  Edit: Is that four from bfdi at 10:06
#Birdup
thats also how i got into it.but i thought is was going to be high rez
Tbh, I like Garten of banban, sure it's a bad horror game, but watching the gameplay is just fun for some reason
Superhorrobro was not forced to do a playthrough and Story Explained Video for Garten of Banban, because that is what he DOES! He always does a playthrough of a horror game, and then he makes a Story Explained video of said horror game, but he will also make a Monsters/Animatronics Explained video of the horror game if it has enemies in it.
Garten is garden in German
14:07 Watching this video after all the drama is very much Ooooohhhhhh. Especially the part about everyone refunding the game if it's shorter than 2 hours oh boy maybe in an alternate timeline in a kinder universe the Euphoric Brothers saw this video and made Ban Ban good starting from the 2nd game... Sadly, we're not in that timeline...
Garten is the german word for garden 🤓
The great thing about Mark as a content creator is that he doesn't need to have a crazy title to his video with capital letters and shit, he just titles it with the name of the game and boom, super popular. Because Mark has seemingly perfected the system. When people watch his videos they aren't there for the game, they're here for HIM.
Lucio Course
Alivia Via
Parisian Creek
I REALLY hoped that this game is a parody . This game is NOT a parody . I am VERY sad .
#JumboJosh ? NO    #ZumboSauce
#birdup 😎😎😎😎
The only reason these games are still relevant is because of the memes
So, them getting so much popularity is your fault! =P
Marisa Fork
"I'm jn my Egg era"  Acid's trans jokes are top tier
Believe it or not, "Garten" actually is a word. It's German for, "School" if you're unaware. The word, "Kindergarten" is a combination of, "Kinder" which means kid and, "Garten" which of course means school. So kindergarten literally means, "Kid school" and Garten of Banban would mean, "School of Banban".
At least furries hate arte of banban
language..
Opela is off that good good
You guys are watching Bird Up, the worst show on television.
bird up *apocalypse bird appears*
Dog Day
Omg everyone hates banban like really bad and it’s so hard to find anyone that actually likes it At least thinknoodles is a big fan He’s my fave YouTuber anyways
This came out 1 year ago 😭
Yeah it’s already on Switch. Bleh
How did you feel when you found out your joke ended up taking over Twitter?
Honestly the game is just like every horror game but with more hate but it’s basically ruined because you can search up “Garten of Banban Ships” like every horror game has it’s like bad very bad like there are content that isn’t for kids so thats how i think it’s ruined
i love garfening of bam bam
#BIRD UP
#birdup
#bird up
After you making this video and it's been like a year since you made it got very popular so gartan of BanBan have got way better so you've been lying
Opila bird don't come 🤔
I love this game like lets see you make a better game. Oh wait, YOU CANT😂😂😂
Is at 6:13 the music from huniepop cam studio?
but thats just a theory a game theory!  LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOORRRRRREEEEEEEEEEE
wait until he finds out about the 5 other games or something
Ohhhh so that's why I first got recommended uh yeah I like fuzion z gamer yeah I don't regret any of this
I would just like to share for the people that are back to this video after a year (or watching for the first time idk it's never too late to join a fandom): Because of Uhyeah's... contribution Garten of Banban, and thus Mascot Horror, I have decided to change my phone screen from a really well done piece of fanart I did of Alice Angel, to fucking Opilia bird facing forward staring you down when you open my phone. It even gets bigger when I press the on button on the side. I haven't changed it from that in months...
Looks like uhyeah was the guy that make gobb popular mainstream in the first place, who is gaslighting here
Oh how naïve he was... If only he knew...
I want to see a social experiment where someone legitimately makes a fake indie horror game that's purposely not very good but is still fodder for YouTubers, putting it out there and seeing if it blows up.
So a year late but at this point I’ve only watched manlybadasshero’s videos on banban and holy shit from what I’ve seen even tho the games have “gotten better” they still look like they’re less fun than doing taxes
I memorized all the Garten of Banban chapters.
How far we've come. We've gone from un-ironic attempt at a cash grab, to somehow a masterclass shitpost.
to be fair poppy playtime can be beaten in like 5 minutes but at least its actually good
Opila Bird is actually ok… she’s cute to me in a derpy, stupid way, I wouldn’t pet that thing with a 10 foot pole though. Though the chase scene and how she doesn’t immediately attack you is scary. Other than that this game is trash! 😂
I love how people try to tell me to not like banban because its stupid and not good, but thats the reason i like it lol
Bro pls shut up
A year later and I still haven't seen a single thing about Rainbow Friends. the only BanBan playthroughs i've seen to date was Jacksepticeye and Mark
garten of banban is a game that we will never escape from
Let’s go Fusion
You and fusion are the best
You know if horror gaming were the film industry, this is pure Bollywood right here.
2:40 "i be in my egg era" the same type of humor i have with my friends
6:00
so we gonna ignore the fact that HE'S one of the reasons that this game popular? Also the idea that a FREE game tricked people is ridiculous and funny to a point.
If someone doesn't ban this video from YouTube imma call the whole SCP foundation to come contain this mind controlling mysterious looking human sized walking talking looking purple mut here...   SCP: what ya need  Me: contain him, he's mind controlling!!!😡  SCP: OK SCO-8076, YOU'RE COMING WITH US!!!
Uhyeah and garden of banban go together like matpat and Fnaf
This game feels like a fever dream in both the worst and best ways, i'm commenting this when the 6th (chapter? part?) is going to be released and it just gets worse and just more funny and crazy.
Bruh what has fusionzgamer done now lol
Kids actually like this game. Actually. For proof look at the comments on any chapters trailer
Garten is actually the German word for “Garden”. If you need any more German translations I’ll be here, as I’m part German!
Meanwhile at the end of 2023, several of Garten of BanBan’s games are in the top paid apps section
#Birdup
5:06 *foreshadowing*
Bird Up is canon now.
Soooooo They kinda stole your joke But at least it's canon
THEY DID IT! GARDEN OF BANANA BREAD SAID THE FUNNY BIRD MEME!
I think stuff like this reminds me that for indie games, if you have even 1 interesting/creative aspect included that garners attention, you can ride the hype wave into multiple disappointing sequels.  I really liked that Opila bird scene when I saw people play it. The way it paused and moved its head felt like what a predator bird would do and I instantly was interested in the game.  …then I saw that there really wasn’t anything else there other than that one cool moment.
... Garten of banban 6 is out on December 20
While UhYeah was talking about Opila bird i was wondering what the word "opila" even meant, so i searched it up and apparently it means "the cake" in some language I've never heard before??? So Opila bird means "Cake bird" or "Bird cake", WAS OPILA BIRD CAKE THIS WHOLE TIME???????
6:46 snapchat moment.
Garten of Banban? more like Farten of Sanpan!
🌳I was really out here living life and thinking this game was better than it actually was-😅
I will never understand why there are people who like and create hype for this game
Garten of Banban honestly looks and feels like a parody of the "Mascot Horror" genre, but it's taken seriously, and that's what truly scares me about it.
Ome time it spelled N I G A
People are saying mascot horror has died, but that really isn't true, yeah garten of ban ban is a lumb of stale playdough, but we're forgetting what dropped november 15 2022, batdr is one of my favorite games, and while garten of ban ban and fnaf sb might not have been good horror games, bardr was amazing, and if we just remembered it instead of garten of ban ban, our opinions on mascot horror would have changed
#BIRD UP
The best thing that came out of Garten of Banban was the developer meltdown when AstralSpiff lightly jabbed them over some drama.
People need to realize that the internet is what decides what things go popular and what things don't. If you are an influential Youtuber and don't want something to go popular, then don't make a video about it.
Well garten is in germany garden so haha
Garten of banban is a better game than fnaf
WTF I JUST NOTICED the music in the background... is that from HunieCam Studio?? Ayoo?? 😂😂😂
I don't remember who it happened to, but one guy I watched play GOB had all death screens messily spell out the n-word.
Come on guys, it's only 10 games.
Only 10 games
Bruh handy dan is now famous
OH SO IT WAS YOU WHO MADE THIS GAME BLOW UP   Liked lmao
Garten AND! banban 💀💀💀💀
1:56 and that is the  moment i realized im a german
Y did they have to assosiate CHOO CHOO CHARLES with this!? i 100percent believe they did not ask permission for that
Garten of BanBan is like the Illumination of indie horror games.
#birdup 🔝🔝💯💯🔥🔥
One of my favorite things is how everyone was like "THE NEW PLAYTIME POPPY?!?!?!??!" knowing damn well this game was made on a potato in 23 minutes
Hi Uhyeah, I love your videos.  :) also FELLOW FUSION ENJOYER!
I Love Opila because she reminds me of a partoy
honestly i dont think the series is that bad
To this day, im still confused how this game got popular
This game was made by 2 bros
Game theory made a Garten of Banban theory
I actually tought that jumbo josh was ban ban and vice versa because of the thumbnail
6:01 Don’t think I didn’t notice you inserting that HuniePop Cam Girls song in there 😂
the name is banbans kindergarten
Garten of ban ban is shit
criticising the game for having "default unity" assets when it's an unreal game...
#birdup
Garten is the German Word for Garden
Bird up
Hey i love garten of banban its my fave
🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬
I think this game is pretty good.
"I hope the next one is longer than 2 hours or people will immediately refund it"  Phisnom: "I'm about to end these bros whole career"
This video actually convinced me to finally subscribe to your channel, because i hate the garten of banban, because it's just poppy playtime on a budget!
So basically UhYeah made garten of banban popular..
it's honestly so infuriating that games like this are becoming popular while actually good horror games fly under the radar.
#BIRDUP :)
5:34 - 6:01 killed me I literally died 💀💀💀
„What is a Garten? That isn’t even a word!“ Me a German: :(
Gaden ban ban 3 is literally just a meme
#birdup
bird up
FUSION
There’s only a few garten of banban characters that are actually good
#Birdup
I (un)ironically love garten of banban, i dont know why just the game and the colors of it, aswell as the design og the characters itches my brain correctly
8:57
Spyro fan W opinion
12:19 TGSF cameo 👀
This is all your fault.
You guys really be hating on Poppy Playtime when this game struggles so bad in every way possible.
When I was playing garten of ban ban 1 I was confronting opila bird and for some odd reason it  felt tense and IDK why it did even though I knew that the game itself was very bad and not even scary I also don't even know  how people like dawko and fusion gamer got scared by opila birds jumpscare. Like bruh the bird looks goofy, the way it walks looks goofy and the jumpscare sucks .
Why are your videos so fun to watch? I didn't have so much entertainment watching an indie horror game video since I watched Markiplier playing FNAF 2 in 2015
>be me >checking twitter on last day of vacation in Hawaii >nothing interesting is trending >I fly back home and arrive at my house the same day >check twitter again >bird up
do not diss jumbo josh brah
"What the hell even is a garten? That isn't a fucking word" German people: 👁👄👁
you said fusionzgamer and I got hella exited
This is the the YouTuber that I seen garden of ban ban on
Turns out... Around the corner actually means 4 months later.... 'cause it just happened...              Wait did you just predicted the future. ..
You should totally make a video on Amanda the Adventurer.
MATPAT SAID BIRD UP
Bird up
Crazy but also my sister told me that this game was "comedy"
you guys are watching opila side, the most mediocre show on television
I don't know but the "r" game over screen Feels like baldi's basics
Months later I’m still not convinced all of the games aren’t done it’s been 4 months and there’s 3 chapters
Letting my nerd emote out: Garten is the German word for garden but in this its meant to be a short for Kindergarten.
btw i just like how he really predicts the future
#birdup
#bird
I’m not going to lie both are awful but I think Rainbow Friends is worse than Garten of BanBan.
Its the animations about it that got me confused
BIRD UP
The fact that the god damn edited in burp jumpscare scared me more than any footage of the game has before says alot
One of the games ever made
Shut up uh yeah  garten of banban is the game ever
I like the scam if you were paying attention and actually had a ton of jokes and references in it and was kind of funny. Not to mention that it's lack of lore but diving headfirst into a lure that doesn't exist is an amazing portrayal of how most games have gone bad these days.   I guess in a way I feel like it's purposefully confusing, it's confusing in a delightful way like a non-bent acid trip.
I like garten of banban 😀
ik bird up from the "something about" animation series lol
Garten of banban sucks, skylanders is better.
jesus loves you and died for your sins
I fucking love Garten of banban
Indie Horror has gone to shit. And it all begun with that SHITTY fucking abomination called Poppy Playtime
Bruh I hate garten of banban poppy play time and other indie horror games are better
I hate furries like you but this I agree with
bird up
TheMeatly did a good job making fun of GOB, because he's be honest, GOB is just something that makes you question why do people play it?
I did not know this was a real game. I downloaded some crappy scary game on my phone just to see how bad it was and it was just this game.
BIRD UP 🦜
The badlandschugs burpscare at 5:59 will always hold a special place in my heart.
i swear that i can go into roblox, and make a better remote model than the actual GOBB devs did
The developers: 👩🏻‍🦲stonks📈📈📈
As a german, i am severely offended of you saying that „Garten“ is not a real word.
This is a video. A story about love, life, acceptance, and this stupid pink dog.
#dontbehorrorgamehater
Are you a horror game hater?
it was YOU.
I think that garten of banban can be summed up by this quote from john mulayney in the sack lunch bunch "If it does well we'll say it was unironic, but if it flops we'll say its ironic
Man i love the eric andre show i was so confused why that was trending lmao
The game over screen being a letter is funny until you get what pyrocynical got, where he got in order the letters “n” and “i” and was worry he was about to get a TOS takedown if he died again. Also that drone remote model was one of the few made by the garten of banban devs and has tens of thousands of vertices in it, they don’t know what they’re doing so it’s bigger than pretty much every other model in the game as far as asset file size
Its actually really interesting to me how the opila bird ai works. It actually acts like a territorial bird.
So what I'm getting is that Garten of Banban is a ripoff of Poppy Playtime, which was heavily inspired by Bendy and the Ink Machine. The only difference is that I can follow the concept of Poppy Playtime and Bendy and the Ink Machine better than Garten of Banban.
Looks like the brothers got tricked into making an actual Ponzi scheme. And now they have to make a full game series! 😂😂
Bird Up, the worst show on television, maybe part 3 will have snail down
I FUCKING LOVE SKYLANDERS
[*]YES! A FUZIONZGAMER MENTION! THANK YOU![*]
Honestly garten of banban is pretty mediocre ig. After poppy playtime release, theres Just A lOt of indie games that use cartonic character so it whould get children to love it and fell to youtube kids content. After playing it myself. I said this game was a 6.5/10, the graphics look good but the rest is meh. Especially the chase theme. Like WHAT EVEN IS THIS CHASE ThEME?! Its not intense like other indie game. Its just randomly sounds that i can't describe.  GoBB 1 was meh. GoBB 2 was okay And the teaser for GoBB 3 is......... Worse. Like Why BANBan is evil and why we are stinger flyn?! WHAT EVEN IS This In GOBB3?! Fine i give it 6/10 (Quick Edit) after i played GOBB 3... Its just worse... Like How many filler in this game?! Like we come from a elevator, got to stinger flyn, get semi origin, become stinger in DREam,then-Agh whatever. I give GOb 1 and 2 4/10, while GOB 3 is 3/10!. Okay don't worry you have time to Cal-WHAT Theres a teaser for GOB 4 after GOB3 Release 10 or so minutes?! Okay if i see GOB 5 teaser after GOB4 release i will give this whole franchise 1.5/10.
#bird up
"It was made for youtube algorithms and get popular"  *Proceeds to make a video about it, making hundreds of thousands of views*
bur
pog to the skylanders gameplay
I still remember when fuzionzgamer decided to upload the vr fnaf game. Like he grinded those episodes
b i r d  u p
I love fusion 🥰
Garten of BanBan is a prime example of horror games are now being reduced to soley ‘scary’ jump scares and not doing anything to make it actually scary or disturbing
14:07 Wow that aged like milk
I hate you garden Of Hannah is awesome👍
You're baaaaaaaaaaaaaad I don't want to hear that! Garden of ba ban awesome game
is it okay if I despise FuzionZGamer?  Hard to really believe he's much more than a content farm considering the way some of those videos used to go. who knows, maybe he got better over time considering I haven't actively watched his channel in years.
funny enough I only heard of this game through the bird up memes and now i've already not interested any recommendations for it.
I hate how horror games are always being marketed towards children. they always have the same boring thing, too. I'm getting so incredibly sick of all these "seemingly innocent children's things actually being evil and spooky" types of media, it's so overdone.
bird up
This is like one of the top best furry 0ut there! (So don’t hate sayin in goin back in 2021 mind yo d7mm business
EAOEAOAOAOEEAAO!!!!!!?!!!!!!!!??..... - Opila Bird
your character look so cute
Have you seen Tiny Bunny? It's an interactive novel that leaves you with a LOT of questions, I swear rusians have a way with music and storytelling that I cannot explain
Imagine just playing a random game and memeing on it and you accidentally create history
I never really understood the name "Garten of Banban". I know Banban is some funny little red dude, but what the hell is a Garten? Did they mean garden? Is Garten a shorter term for kindergarten? Even the name of the game is ass and makes no sense. Did they even put an ounce of effort into this game?
The animation is like the hoodwinks animation😂😂😂😂😂
Finally a good furry 😂
Dawko's pure scream of terror at 6:21 was incredible
BRO YOU BASICALLY MADE THIS GAME POPULAR HELP
BirdUp to you omg XD
gerten is the outdoors of the house in german  there is a back garten and a front garten on some houses  that of course un relatet to the game lul
Seeing Fusion's bullsh*t videos makes me want to punch a wall. The videos are just so obviously fake and goofy.
Just know, if you read this, i was eating plastic at the very moment this was being typed by me. It tastes very nice.
Man, I need to watch eric andre again after knowing where the bird up meme came from lol
If I can recall, I think I remembered that Eric Andre said they had around 30 minutes to fit in a skit and used that limited time that came up with to create Bird Up.
Opila is the best part fr
They literally have me the letter l 😡😡😡
I'm definitely getting that one bootleg Opila Bird plushie one day.
They should have given you a hella money for making their game popular
I was scrolling down in comments and almost all the videos on the side were GARTEN OF BAB BAN!
#birdup
1st of two college students without experience made it and 2nd the Opila bird treats you like prey
i remember seeing bird up trending on twitter one day but i never actually looked into it. i just thought the eric andre show was having a crazy popularity surge😅
If you say this is bad, imagine seeing YOURSELF making a game!
Games like Garten of Banban remind me of the Shovelware days of the PS2 era like Snow White and the Seven Clever Boys by Phoenix Games. If you know, you know. If you don't, I'm sorry.
CAT.
never stop birding up people
Based on their company's logo, I think making shit is just their brand.
Hey i got an idea. Play the remake made in a week by someone else made with no previous experience in game design. Its much better trust.(creator is uniquegeese)
garten of banban is like rainbow friends but steam game and with better shadows and terrible gameplay
the pronunciation 😭
Garden not gartan
So that's why opillo bird is constantly used in chapter 2 because he became popular that makes sense
I ain't even buying no money for "BaNbAn ChApTeR 2" This game wasted my time
6:28 one time when i played it i died multiple times but i had to try not to because the first the letters were N, I and G
Garten is Garden in German
You caused this ;-;
This game is a rip off of a rip off of a rip off, poopy playtime is a rip off of Bendy and the Ink Machine, rainbow friends technically counts as a rip off of poopy playtime. And Garten of Banban is just goofy
SHE OPILA ON MY BIRD TILL IT UP ‼️🔥
8:20
i love the stupid fucking pink bird so much scrunkly maybe a mipy
Hater
#birdup
11:21
idgi did he play this game on acid
They not even hinding that it's a rip-off of poppy playtime the game garten of banban should be banned forever
I just found out that my sister really REALLY likes Garten of BanBan. Life has been unkind to her
Garten of banban is *** ***** ** ********** ** ******** ***
❤❤❤❤❤❤ To you
😂 This game is a bad mess
#birdup forever
I got second-hand embarrassment from seeing this game.
i like how they heard "the model for the remote looks bad" and simply responded with "alright then, fucker"
My first time seeing a furry actually being funny lmfao
My first time seeing a furry actually being funny lmfao
did you know that Garten of banban was made by two brothers
I agree with this so much.                                  #BirdUp!
“Garten” is German for garden. So yes it is a real word
Fun fact: Garten is a word! It's garden in German. Kinder means children, hence forming children garden, or Kindergarten.
man I can't believe this dude accuses the dev of tricking the internet, when he's the one who tricked everybody
BIRD UP
i dont know if this is intended by the devs but garten is a german word for garden.
Garten is the german word for Garden
honestly loving the floofy upgrade
You did this. How could you.
ATTENTION GARTEN OF BANBAN HATERS! Play hide time, its worse then garten of banban 2
I’m afraid this may take over a all of the other mascot game Now it’s bird up time
Bro my two favorate youtubers in one video pretty much I never new this could happen fusion is so underrated thanks for bringing him into the light uhyeah
this is really one of the games of all time
#birdup
I'm pretty sure the letters make up a website, there's not really anything ther though
Opila is not the true "bird up" meme... it's Kulu Ya Ku is the og lol 😆
i wouldn't say you should blame the devs, they are just some dude and his brother after all
The end screen letters spell out. "It really hurts :("  Its related to an easter egg found from a qr code from a bording pass that is found from a secret room.
You know at first I thought jumbo josh was a cabbage monster
u are cool i like u
The sequel is actually good! Definitely recommend
Honestly I don’t get the hate for this game, I like it and I’m more interested in this game than Poppy.
I had no clue who fushion was
the garten of ban ban 2 is out
If I’m correct that boarding pass’ QR code actually has a website attached to it
10:05 OldTwitter user?! rare
And it is because it's out already
Guys PAY ATTENTION isn't the time u can beat the game almost the same as poppy playtime chapter 1? In poppy playtime chapter 1 u can beat it in like 3 minutes. It's obvious that the second chapter of garten of ban ban is probably gonna be like a hour. Just like in poppy playtime chapter 2.
also, it’s Oh-Pill-a, not opeela bird…
the story is actually pretty good from what i saw. to be honest it seems like it looks the way it does on purpose, although the mechanic did suck in part one and still kind of does. I think it was made to be more of a story-kind than a horror, similar to FranBow.
We need to stop giving these games any attention. Games like this, and poppy playtime need to be gone
I love seeing kids in the comments of dev videos discussing if Garden of Banban is The game of all time, also I love the new character design lol
I don't really like going into games with the intent to go "HAHA ITS BAD HATE BANDWAGON!!!" but BOY, does it feel like a roblox horror game. Listen, I understand not everyone will be good with their first game, but if you are going to charge for it, you have to at least make it somewhat good. There was many charming things I enjoyed like the bird's simple, yet scary chase, the letter that Banban writes saying "if you read this letter fast enough, you might survive. I am going to knock you out in a few seconds" then the player is knocked out, and the utmost vibe of it. The energy the game carries reminds me of a children's play mat that hasn't been cleaned in ages. It could be used to a good extent, making it truly feel abandoned. Banban's lack of animation for his voice lines would've been more natural if they made his head flop around awkwardly similar to an organism trapped in a fleshy suit. There's many crappy "toy's gone wrong" games and they have the chance to make it different from the rest, they just need to get more...funding, I guess? I don't trust crowdfunders so I cannot think of a solution. Either way, if they don't boot their caboose and find a way to turn things around, I have little to no hope. banbaneena's lessons was supposed to be creepy in the "haha, she's insane! she thinks toys are children!" There were no implications to the player's goal to find their kids in the first chapter, Banban is literally just Poppy from Poppy playtime (funny enough, both of their names are the game's title), the jump-scares aren't frightening, banbaneena does this weird limp with her arm when she's chasing you, mid voice acting and most of all, THE DRONE. DEAR LORD IS THE DRONE A PAINFUL GAME MECHANIC. Half of the time, realistically the player could just go up to the button and press it. Or the buttons are conveniently in random places where there's really no need for them. I feel bad for shitting on a game where the devs are trying their hardest, but it really feels like a money grab. Merch was immediately released after chapter 1's release which isn't a good sign due to the lack of story in the game. Sorry for the word vomit. I thank you to the stranger reading this. Have a nice day or night and please don't waste it on this game.
Yeah, the monsters look weird because they’re play-Doh monsters
8:20 If you want to repeat the Bird up
But it's a good game tho
Garten is german for garden. At least that's what google said.
I kinda think it's more story wise then game play as the first part was kinda just a demo... but it's fun to look into the story. And clay figure looks cool. But the surprises aren't really surprising as if you read around you can predict what's going to happen before it does happen. They put effort in it but not as much as could be in it and it would be nice if they had more minigames instead of look for the EGG scenes. Like sometime you have to do to open certain doors or to operate the drone making it harder because you have to do the minigame while being chased :D I think the poppy playtime crase already went down before garten of ban ban came out tho.
Im getting flashbacks to Steam Greenlight, honestly
Just look at the good stuff a short game does not mean bad they still maybe put alot of effort into it
no way ut:hh music in garten of banban video
Bird up lovers.
#BIRDUP!!!!!!
Opila bird looks very silly. 😂😂😂
This game is so short that he called the end the start😭
The 1th one is Kinda bad but The second one is more detailed💀
Bird up
Seriously though, apparently passion was put into it, just watch the video on how they made the game, they clearly had a mindset. I’m not saying your wrong or anything, I’m just saying there was somehow passion out into this garbage
I already a fan of this game >:(
Ok ok the game is good not bad I do not care but I love it ok
Omg I was just watching this vid and now your live playing this game
More maxwell please
6:00 you literally cannot image on how much i laughed here.
You have to talk about the terrible ban ban Sequel like it’s terrible
Guess what?  Garten of BanBan 2 is Out; and IT'S SUPERIOR IN QUALITY OVER THE First Chapter of the game!!! #BirdUp
I'm dying bc u accidentally made  a meme
SOMEONE TELL ME WHERE I CAN FIND THESE VIDEOS TO WATCH THAT ARE PART OF UHYEAHS VIDEOS mainly doors and such I also want to know where I can find pastras streams as well
bird up
Kinder=children Garten=play
#birdup
doors: doesn't even look like a roblox game garten of banban: looks worse then any game on roblox
Idk why, but I genuinely didn't think big YouTubers would play this absolute trash fire of a game.
What I've learned is this game blowing up is all your fault and I'll blame you forever!!!!!
wait; BIRD UP! wasn't created by Terminalmontage to joke about Kuluyaku?
It’s sad that they get death threats
Garten is the german word for garden. So it is a word. Just because it’s not in English doesn’t mean it’s nonsense :)))
It was shocking Banban's creators blocked you on twitter
Bro accidently trended on twitter
Yeah it's literally just a cash grab like every other indie game nowadays and the only reason why it's going to get popular if it even does. Is going to be by a whole bunch of five year olds the Same way rainbow friends got popular:/
furry alert
bird up
Bird up.
Love the new version. Did you do the art yourself or not. I wish i could of design done that well
Is there anyway to watch unyeah stream
The part where Fusionzgamer just dies to a semi-teleporting fredbear is funny
bro that burp at 5:57 startled me harder than the opila bird jumpscare
I watched this video then had a dream with Jumbo Josh so this game is cursed.
Skylanders
#BirdUp
#freeuhyeah
This game is on thr level of "3 scary games" videos of people like Markiplier and Jacksepticeye. But nothing more.
Fun fact. Garten of banban is forgotten by now xD
The games notbad per se. Just on the level of the short/jumpscare horror games.  Neat, maybe a gimic or decent scare, but not much more.
I’m pretty sure those “Spiro” Clips we’re actually Skylanders
bird up
ok furry
Ummmm ok I guess, loved markipliers video but anyways I’m interested in it but not too much and I will watch marks gameplay when part 2 comes out cause well he’s the king of FNAF, also don’t know why this guy is so mad
I just recently realized this and Rainbow Friends exists and it ruined my day. I miss old FNAF days.
5:59 this honestly scared me more than anything from the game
Garten is a word. It's a German word. It means garden.
Good video
Didnt even know this game existed, also youtubers dont care if they get 'tricked' into making a video as long as they get views
I legitimately think there has never been any scared or even neutral reaction to the bird’s jumpscare. Every single person I have seen play the game, myself, and my siblings have all uncontrollably laughed out loud. I have jumped playing fnaf without even being at a scary part of the game but the one ‘jumpscare’ in the game made me laugh. That’s crazy. I’ve never played a horror game outside of ultimate custom night and dropped it fast because I hate getting scared. This game convinced me to play it because of how dumb it looked and never even got my heartrate to increase by even one bpm. It’s insane that this game isn’t satire.
The only reason I find the bird creepy is because i have a fear of big bird. Which is exactly why I found Chica in FNAF scary.
Let me pet the uhyeah dog when he mad he so cute I wanna pet him
tricked ? who the fuck got tricked into thinking this was satire ?
11:58 Yup thats mine now
This game reminds me of that scene from glass onion. "It's just dumb!"
#freeuhyeah
Uhyeah, I watched the suprhorrorbro video and the funny part is that the effort that was put in the game is significantly less than Mikes' theory, bro is the apprentice of Matpat, and the creepy, hollow and Monologue tone that he uses just makes the awesome video much better!
i love the birdey, birdey is love, birdey is happines, birdey is so funny and looks at me, birdey is deadey :( birdey will not be missed birdey i love you birdey look  Birdey
this game feels so ironic, how is it not satire lmao who made this??? its so hard to make a game that bad on purpose, how the hell did someone manage to do that accidentally? god damn
Bird up!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
BIRD UP
The funny thing about this game is that it absolutely worked. Everyone is talking about and will probably also buy the next game just for the memes, absolute W.
They sound sad in their devlogs. The reason why is to make people think sad on them so it is probably just to get more people playing
that fuckin bird is an emoji in a discord server i'm in and i laughed WAY too hard when i saw it in this video
wait gumbo josh... but Im josh. I have done it! I am a horror character! years of training for this day! and they said josh wasn't a scare enough name.
Honestly, I choose to believe the vein texture is supposed to be paper maché… because otherwise venephobia would cause me to probably throw up
garten is german for garden
6:33 *cries in Demonophobia*  That game fucked me up lol
It's funny we make fun of this game but it's not that different from the first fnaf. It's just YouTubers overreacting to jump scares and horrible graphics
This this is good keep up the good work, I only enjoyed Garten of Banban because it’s so easily beatable because am bad at horror games 👍
https://youtu.be/10NuWGwQBIk BanBan 2  lol
You opened pandora's box. what have you done
Pink Chica Also Matpat is one of those theorists that if he makes a theory on your game, he will accidently write it for you.
Either way, bird up.
Bird up
BIRD UP
This entire video I was trying to figure out a way to make the game better, but I just………can’t.
I think it might be satire
after Terminal Montage's Wind Waker video, my nephew and I have been saying "Bird Up" to each other all the time, so the fact that it was trending is the funniest thing to  us
When your game is so trite and unoriginal you unintentionally trick everyone into thinking it's satire
I actually really like the design of the bird. It makes me feel an indescribable emotion. It's not scary in the way it's trying to be.
The Bird🕊 gave me chills😢 The way it inches towards the player before giving chase🏃‍♀️ is geniunely upsetting😱😱
Bird
I hate Garten of Banban but Opiela Bird is so funny to the point I ALMOST unironically love them LMAO #BirdUp
When a face reveal happens you need to do it in the bird up hat
are you gonna do a video on that fnaf inspired NFT project kandyland? ive seen alot of opinion on it lately. i'm very against NFTS, but im wondering how you feel about it.
Your situation with Garten of BanBan and the viral tweet reminds me of Jim Stephanie Sterling (The Jimquisition) being somewhat responsible for the entire existence of FNAF by making fun of the Dev's bad first (non-horror) game and its unintentionaly creepy character models - resulting in using those models for FNAF.
Undertale Halloween Hack jumpscare
This legit is just rainbow friends on drugs and even that game was ass bad
Hot take, I actually enjoyed the game. Especially opla bird. It can be hard to make an actually scary character, and especially this case sense it’s a bird. But they pulled it off.
I’m over 90% sure this game is a parody game.
R is for Gamer word
it feels like a rough draft
Bruh I’m trying to figure out which fusionZ clip you used at the start of this video but he has so many goddamn gameplay vids of fredbear related games it’s like finding a needle in a haystack
I’ll be honest, I just thought the vain detail was supposed to be like cracking old paint coming off the creature-
Remember kids. The greatest trick the Devil ever pulled was convincing the world he didn’t exist.
I liked the game
#Birdup
I like how in the background play a song called golden from Ourple guy v2 fnf mod
I want to know what serious speedruns would look like
<3
Bird Up.
what video is at the beginning of fusion?
Am I the only one who doesn’t give a shit? Who cares if it was made for attention and for money…as if all YouTube videos aren’t made for that same purpose.
#BIRDUP
I can't believe my biggest tweet on Twitter is a reply consisting literally of the buzz light year clone gif to the original tweet when it was randomly slapped on my time line one hour after it came out
The madness of seeing this bird for days in nearly every tweet on twitter oh Lord
I’ll give them this: that bird scares me. Not deeply… just enough to make me look away during the chase.
you have started this trend. that's hilarious
Oh thank god I'm not the only one that thought this game was made of absolute garbage
The only thing I liked, is the fact the jump scares are dynamically generated.
#birdup
I'd be careful with supporting this series, even ironically, because this is how things like this become more normal.  Look at the show Call of Duty has become, people kept letting it take an extra mile and supporting it, and it kept milking and exploiting people worse and worse. Garten of Banban is showing just how low you can go to win and that can effect everything.  Just as the Garten learned from others the others will learn from it.
Bro I thought garten of ban ban was some sort of school project
this game looks ai generated
Can we agree that everyone was surprised that this wasn’t a roblox game
I just hope that, with how bad horror games got, YouTubers will change their type of games. It’s good, okay, the immersion, the feeling of loneliness while exploring, hearing the really accurate sound effects. (footsteps, cracks, wind,…), But I think we should try to change the formula a bit.  You know, maybe focusing on other type of games and get more games. Because now, all games are horror games and nothing else because it’s easy to do, immersive (visual and sound) and the player and the viewers share a similar because of the simplicity and the focus on the ambiance, making creators preferring horror/art games over other more classic games to get more viewers interactions.  Okay, I know, in the end, it’s just business. You need to play a appealing game to everyone to get everyone to watch your appealing content to have more chances to get your appealing food to preserve your appealing life style.  However, for a change, maybe it’s good to vary a bit, even if it is just to give time to some horror game devs do something decent.  There has just been to much horror games.  Does someone remember about Scorn ? The game which the demo got played by Pewdiepie a few years ago. The weird “clay” and fleshy looking game… It’s out since a month or two and it seemed it got ignored. And yet, people were like :”Oh my god, this esthetic, this atmosphere and this art style is so crazy original, this will be the best confusing and bizarre horror of all time ! I’m gonna buy it and wait for it ! I am…Soooo impatient !” And when it’s out: “W-what is this shit. I liked this ?! You’re crazy. Looks boring to me”.  There some games that get a shine of fame when their demo is out, then the devs get confident about the success of their games, but in the end, just get ignored. And so, they start to prioritize financial security over consumer satisfaction.  And oppositely, you got the simplest horror games ever and, because it’s a better tactic, they don’t finish their games. That doesn’t mean their evil, but they keep doing this because it keeps your franchise relevant and stable overtime. They sell merch products before their games are out !  Your getting scammed people ! And there are other games like that.  That’s also how Deltarune stay relevant. By releasing chapters overtime, reminding you it exists.  And it isn’t actually our fault, it’s the system.  I don’t have a solution to this situation but I’m kind upset sometimes when people are praising horror games but then you realized it isn’t actually that interesting and that, you know, by the way they’re talking and exaggerating, they are, for sure, going to let it slide out of their memories.  Let’s be fair, we don’t all have a schedule favorable for us towards following the progression in the conception of a product, or even slightly playing sometimes.  When you say : “That’s the sickest game, oh my god, I cannot believe it,…” but it’s not complete and that you majorly fantasizes about the way it looks and it’s influence/audience and not how you actually playing it… You are rambling and, from my experience, you did not meant it. You’re just going to forget, like anyone else… Because, you don’t have time or don’t want to follow a game development… You just want to play a simple and fun video game and feel happy about your experience on it.  I know people do whatever they want and it is not right to tell what people should play to, but I just wished, that some famous YouTubers would be playing other games, to motivate people to make other games. If you can, with some in-game viewers interactions, to compensate the need for viewers engagement in the content.
wish i checked who posted this before clicking. i'll see myself out
Cruelty squad feels like a more intact horror game and that one is intentionally bad looking. and it isn't even a horror game it's an fps.
I have a deep burning hate for mascot horror after FNaF and BaTIM
This game would have actually been a fantastic parody game. Everything about it works to that advantage, especially the jumpscare text that says "t". But no, the developers defended this garbage on twitter.
6:26 you can just tell Dawko is just trying to make the creators happy with a reaction
8:23 this dog is fucked up
This is the one genre where we can all agree that AAA is better that indie.
I love theMeatly 😭
This is... this is so stupid
i love that Uni is just a recurring character of sorts in your videos
#birdup
Come on JUST BIRD UP
#birdup
#freeuhyeah
the vs Ourple Guy soundtrack in the background is perfect
Oh I thought this was gonna be a money laundering thing considering the merch shop
If uhyeah's avatar doesn't start wearing an Ophelia Bird hat when it arrives, is it even worth it?
Ophila Bird must have several back problems.  Because she is CARRYING the game.
#birdup
when did your avatar get a glow up?
Opila Bird is the absolute derpiest, dead-eyed, wonkiest thing I’ve ever seen. And I love it.
Here's my personal opinion on it, from someone who wants to make an indie horror game but has no idea how to code at the time of typing this:  The state of the genre is terrible right now. If the state of the genre doesn't change, we're not going to get any good games in the future. The state of the indie horror genre is going to inspire a lot of people, so the least they can do is make good games that try. The genre is a genre that desperately, and I mean really desperately, needs to target older audiences with actual scares instead of things that are trying to be scary and targeting kids. If we don't make the genre actually terrifying, the genre will die out, and we won't get any good games from the genre ever again, essentially wiping out an era of the internet and social media.
What video did you use from Fuzion z gamer i seen it before i can't remember the name @uhyeah
#freeuhyeah
do you regret the decisions in accidentally making this game popular?
im embarrassed that i was actually scared by the pink bird sene the first time i saw it (;´༎ຶٹ༎ຶ`)
New uhyeah design??? 😲
What does Garten even mean?
It's always a damn bird.
I think you're being way too vindictive over this, no one was hurt by this game, it did not over promise it did not under deliver, it didn't hurt the youth like "Elsa gate", it was just a small free game in it's own lane, that folks went out of their way to signal boost and have higher expectations for it like it was fnaf security breach under delivering when it was never anywhere near that   The merch store is easily a much more creative way to show support of the project than a donation button or a Kickstart,   because at least you can get something out of it, and buying it for the memes to show off to your friends, because if you're  going to do a Kickstart than it's much more serious as there's a chance to fail, and cheat people out,  And if it was asking for donations, than folks would most likely start to expect a product that might be out of what these devs can do   but with this  method folks can have have at least something that can Crack a smile around work, at least you get something, and are not throwing money into a void waiting to get a return on your investment,  meme merch is pretty harmeless
#freeuhyeah
dude what the hell happened to the horror genre i mean we got roblox games better than other popular games and thats just ridiculous
You are a vessel for this stupid game and bird, uhyeah! ... (#birdup)
fun fact, they're merch is extremely overpcired
I never liked Poppy Playtime. I never liked rainbow friends. And surprise surprise,     I will never like Garten of BanBan
The flamingo Dread Ducky is more terrifying than opila
it seems like a nice snack to chew on while waiting for poopy farttime
Just so you know Garten is garden in german ;)
Nah Idc Goated of Ban Ban is top Tier gang
Ay @uhyeah while garten is the biggest piece of dogs**t, you ever played a FNAF fan game called yap and yell?
FURRY!!            Friendly fire will not be tolerated.
what in the gm_BangClaw is this
not even a second in - "alright everyone ga-" sees YouTuber depicting himself as a purple dog, pronouns on his social media page, yeahhhh I'm going to cancel out of this video.
I strongly disagree I there's no way they put out this game just for youtubers and released a mobile port with a bad UI system for their young audience, the characters may have a bit of passion put in to it but I doubt it's to mimic Poppy Playtime. They're merch store was out on launch day. You cannot tell me this isn't satire
Garten of BanBan is literally the ultimate gaslighting campaign ever, even better then the Cyberpunk 2077 anime.
"Garten isnt even a word" *Every German disliked that.*
the thing that sucks about all this is that while im glad there was some enjoyement gotten from this dumpster of a game, whether ironic or not, at the end all of this is just gonna benefit the devs exclusively who, as you showed, very obviously made this as a cash grab, the fact that this game "tricked the internet" i think shouldnt be taken lightly or as just a fun fact, this game wasnt made with any love clearly and was just done to take advantage of the current mascot horror landscape for money and everything that was detailed in this video was playing in to their plan, and i genuinely think thats gross and sad  i really hope when the sequel releases and its paid it doesnt receive alot of sales but unfortunately i think it will, gaming youtubers should really think about what theyre playing before giving fame to soulles games like these
"The remote for the drone looks worse than anything made for Doors" It legit looks worse than anything made for Roblox. Even gear from the OG days of Roblox had better designs lmao
Garten is the german word for Garden
Opila Bird💕
#BirdUp
Thank you SaltyDKDan for helping me understand, "bird up"
Bird up
Bird up
Bird up
Bird up
Bird up
Bird up
0:19 On an unrelated note, I thought you said "Slapping off playing Spyro," which made me deeply concerned.
Can you cover the jolly games
Yeah in my opinion, indie horror is getting worse. When Poppy Playtime first came out, I thought it was bad. Then Rainbow Friends and Garten of Ban Ban came out, and my reaction was: “when will people become creative again and have good video game ideas that aren’t meant for kids!?”
Garten is just Garden in german
#birdup
bird looks like a crackhead
Why doesnt this video have #birdup in its description? (Also i can make a better drone controller model than these guys)
Wtf now uhyeah doing a vid about it now
What fusion videos is the freadbear clip???
I can assure you Garten is a word.  It means garden in German, and yes it is like the word kindergarten. Kinder can mean children so the word means child's garden
opila bird best character
SO ITS YOUR FAULT
Real time cutscenes are such an underutilized thing in gaming. If GOB ends up being a satire of horror and carries this over to the sequel then I will respect the series
You mention fuzion and horrorbro my favorite youtubers
waiting for you to play the twisted carnival (FNAF) Its a really good game
Day 1 of asking for fnati and oblitus casa video
Garten is German for garden
Yeah true
I will support his game even if it was not made unironically.
dear god, kids are interested in this? what happened to minecraft mod reviews?
1:58 Correction: “Garten” IS actually a word, just not in English. It’s the German word for “garden.” The term “kindergarten” is also taken from German and, translated directly, means “children garden”
Eh the bird up is not that obscure since it was used often in Terminal.Montage videos (like "something about Monster Hunter" For example). Those have millions of views and Terminal Montage has like 5 million subscriberd or something (well,maybe not that excatly but a lot)  Glad to know the true origin of bird up, thankssss
BIRD UP🐦
MatPat haters be like: Wow, this YouTuber called this game "The next Poppy Playtime", which implies its a sequel or the next chapter of Poppy playtime, and is therefore disrespectful to the devs. Cancelled
There were a lot of red flags with this game. Some of which being you couldn’t use either Unreal Unlocker or UE Viewer on it. Both open source and independent software. Unlocker inserts a dubug mode like a debug camera and a command console into an Unreal 4 game and UE Viewer being use to look at PAK files to view models or texture files. Using Unreal Unlocker gives a false UE4 error a d closes the game and you cannot view the PAK file for the game with UE Viewer. Trust me, I spent two hours trying. I’ve never seen a single player UE4 game act like this
The bird scared me personally, especially the way it looked at me and walked beside me (But I think it's more because of my phobias)  I'm even more convinced that Twitter is garbage
My initial reaction to it was “I’ve seen worse.”
Banbans literally the unscariest, blandest, uninspired horror game ive ever seen
People think Garten of Banban is the worst indie horror game? Those sweet, sweet summer children. Garten of Banban wasn't overly buggy, had some liminal spaces and didn't rely on cheap jumpscares. There is shit on Steam and the Google Play store that would leave you BEGGING for Garten of Banban.
don't care still funny
there's only one thing to say about this....   BIRD UP!
fuck twitter
Garten of Banban doesn't seem that bad still. Wow, it's a shitty clone that tries to monetize itself. These are a dime a dozen in the indie sphere. The only reason it's as prevalent right now is because you guys are giving it attention. If everyone left it alone it would have died after Markiplier played it, just as you wanted.
5:33 goobus boobus
1:56 >"What the hell even is a garten!? That isn't a fucking word! Do they mean 'kindergarten?'" >tfw english isn't the only language in the world
9:11 i never knew that's the context of bird up. i only knew it from Terminal Montage and thought it was just some random, very trippy scenes/insine jokes.
This is Lex Luthor level brainpower the Euphoric brothers have.
You say that it's made in Unity as an insult, but it's actually an unreal game. As a game developer, this kind of misinformed "It's shit so it's probably made with Unity" is extremely frustrating and destructive.
I think the veins texture is meant to be some “clay” type of texture
Ayo Jesus love’s Everyone and You, and died for your sin’s, and Everyone’s sin’s. repent, God Bless.
a game that is only a few minutes has merch  bring back good indie horror games
#Birdup chain
People are making too big of a deal over this. There are tons of poorly-made knock-off games based on popular franchises. Garten of re re is nothing new.
Garten is German for Garden, Kinder stands for Children. Children Garden is basically what Kindergarten means. So the game means Garden of Banban. It's dumb
Joy of Creation when?
It's that BIRD?
Garten is a German word and means Garden.  Kindergarten is also a german word
garten of midmid, garten of low quality, kaka of banban  all can describe this shitty game
This video in a nutshell:  "This game will *NEVER* blow up! In fact, I might as well make content about it because it's *SO BAD,* and will never blow up!" Game: *Blows up* Uhyeah: *Shocked doggy face*
There are horror games like Signalis that deserve more attention than this half-ass piece of software.
bird up
Wait, where does that leave “ManlyBadassHero” in the “who uploads it first” order? Cause I feel like he started the Input 0 game first.
To be honest people's instance of this being a joke reminds me when people were trying to claim that one Garfield show animation error was some weird meta 100 IQ joke that we needed to figure out and both ( I believe) come from  the same mindset; utter denial that something like this would exist unironically.
the fact that Markiplier said it was a genuinely good game and that he liked it for that reason is mind boggling to me
The dog from foodfight
Did I just hear Undertale halloween hack music?! you have taste, man
Btw, garten means garden in german.
Why is purple dex dogtective telling me about the twitter bird
why do people reaally care though? its just a small little first time horror game it shouldnt have blown up but its doesnt rlly affect anyone lol
Same games beyond me because I highly doubt I'll have any major gameplay changes in the first one The second game will 100% cost money and just like puppy playtime has a merch shop on the title screen There is pretty much no trying to hide it here This game was a calculated move to try to take over the YouTube algorithm
As pyrocynical said in a video he made about this game “mascot horror has gone down the drain and it’s probably never coming back”, and I completely agree with it. In my opinion mascot horror died with Bendy and the Ink Machine with a few FNAF games afterwards. But Poppy Playtime, this game, Rainbow Friends, it’s all nothing but cash grabs. They have mercy plastered everywhere and you can’t even look it up without having something worth 20 dollars thrown in your face  Granted I know FNAF and Bendy have their wide range of merch, but that came well after their popularity had risen. With these new games it seems to be instantaneous and hits the ground running along side said games
garten of ban² more like opila bird up
The fact Dawko had to fake being scared of the stupid bird...Man I thought he was better than that.
BIRD UP MF BIRD UP
I think that the Garten in Garten of Banban is meant to be a play on Kindergarten. But it's Kindergarten without the Kinder in the name, meaning no kindness in the kindergarten. I could be wrong, but that's my theory
Ourple dog man, my beloved💖
Enough with the bird  Flynn Stringer epic  Edit: STILL EPIC.
Garten is a word, just not in English. It's German, for garden, and it's literally where the word Kindergarten comes from. Kindergarten literally means child garden when translated, so theres that. :/
What Video Editing software do you use? I wanted to make a video for youtube, and I already have my persona and script, but I don't have video software, And I wanted to ask people who were experienced in video editing.
Nice fursona
Love the video, though I think it"s Unreal Engine 5 not Unity (look at the global illumination flickering)
Ya'll are taking games way too seriously 😂 😂 😂 Some games are short and incomplete, it do be like that sometimes, these games always existed and will always exist. Also "there was no passion put into any of it" unfair to say considering majority of the population can't even make think of where to start when making a game 😂
Opila bird is the love of my life
The thing is,even springtrap from fnaf 3 has vein textures
Finally someone talking about garten. Wtf is a garten
i saw the "toy" and the dumb wireless effect and ignored this whole game, it is just visually displeasing and does not look like fun.
This was truly a bird up moment
People went full COPIUM thinkin it was satire
9:41 what's tony zaret doing here
i play roblox and theres already avatars of big ol jumbo josh, it annoys me so much
8:23 My Favorite part
Lighting
Wtf idk what this video is about but I'm gonna watch it I've never heard of this probably because I'm old
I had a horror game idea a while ago that has just enough elements that are similar to this that every time I consider making it I see another of these things and decide not to which sucks because it’s a cool idea
Hey dude I recommend you try out five nights at wario series it’s an immense e gaming experience
furry
This man really be using HuniePop/Cam music in this video, huh? I'm here for it.
Cant wait to see a three hour video titled “Why Garten of Ban Ban is secretly the best horror game ever created” in my recommended🤞🤞
Bird up!
Bird up
Bird up!
Bird up!
Bird up!
Bird up!
Bird up!
Bird up!
Bird up!
Bird up!
Even if Banban was actually a parody, it's not even a good parody let alone funny...?
Kindergarten
the game looks like it was made in rec room
I literally cannot understand what the euphoric brothers logo  What are their bodies? Why is the purple one holding some basketball thing? Wtf is going on???
Honestly, i dont like Iron Heart at all. Theres no poitn in her being made, she is a poorly written character and the only thing "interesting" about her is how much political bullshit can she push into a scene with her existence.  She was is and will be a badly written Iron Man replacment.
OH MY GOD THATS MY TWEET 10:52
BIRD UP
Garten of Morbius
as the average uhyeah fan, we are actually below the age of 4
Fun fact! Garten is a real word, it’s just not English. Garten is the German word for garden and kindergarten literally mean child garden
"Garten isn't a word!" Me, a german: yes it is you literally took the word Kindergarten (childrens garden) from our language.
the most important info i got out of this was the origin of bird up, i just thought it was its own contained meme from a while back. I mostly know it from a yugiohdeck lol
DOORS MENTIONED
your OC looks stoned as fuck
Is it me or does uhyeah kinda look like Sam from Sam and Max?
What is with so many horror games ending with an elevator crashing? Doors has it, this has it, and Spooky's Jumpscare Mansion has an elevator crash where the end of the normal game would be for the DLC
Jeez, who would've known a joke could've done this
Fusionzgamer is a pretty good YouTuber
You should watch Razbowski's videos on it because he's been finding lots of secrets
I think part of why it blew up before you memed it, because if you dig into the game for lore, you find out they put freaking ARG elements into the game to make you think its serious
…………………………….. L
I can’t wait for matpat to kill this game 🤣
I got kicked from your discord because I asked one of your mods out on a date :(  Aparently they don't like talking about fart jokes and the socioeconomic effects of undewear
This could actually be pretty opportunity to use the game as a poke on mascot horror and how it's so bad these days as a way to make it funny than terrifying
0:44 What's this game?
GASTER SWEEP UTHH SWEEP
UNDERTALE HALLOWEEN HACK??????
DID BRO REALLY JUST USE THE UNDERTALE HALLOWEEN HACK OST IN THE BACKGROUND
Hell I thought this was from roblox
I have never seen the internet this pissed off since hello neighbor Or pop for that matter
“I would be in my egg era if I could find them” 😭😭😭
#birdup
I didn't actually know what bird up was from, I only knew it from the time it took over terminal montage for whatever reason
"how did he stretch this to 21 minutes?" didnt you just say that your playthrough took 40? its not really that impressive to play through it in half the time you did
Garten is german and means Garden. So yes IT IS a word. Und das weiß ich weil ich Österreicherin bin. Echt unglaublich dass Leute vergessen dass DEUTSCH existiert.
YouTubers nowadays will play shitty mobile games as a pure joke, but then there’s a new game about scary action figures and they are *all up in that shit*
the whole game is in the trailer what can you expect
I love how he is changin his pfp every episode
Bird Up? That makes me things about Terminal Montage and his BirdUp stuff
stop pretending it's bad, it's actually a scary game that bird was scary
BRO DOES NOT MISS!!!
The internet got ban ban bozled
What if you got the letter L that would be even funnier
I was shocked to find out I apparently own a game that was made and sold by the same devs called Human Apocalypse, they've made 2D pixel games before and this jump to 3D is jarring and, considering the outcome, they're not ready for 3D yet in this style.
Was sad that it was ironically a real game and not a parody of poppy playtime and rainbow friends
THE CRYING CHILD IN FNaF4 IS THE PURPLE GUY WHEN HE WAS YOUNGER!!!  His brother torments him, scares him with the mask, and locks him in random places. His brother caused the Bite of '87 when Purple Guy's head was bit.  Purple Guy grows up, goes insane, kills children in the Pizza Place he hates so much.  The crying child wears purple pants.  The animatronics in FNaF4 are NIGHTMARES the Purple Guy had.
dog
Idea: maybe do the return of freddy, the original ones
God I hate seeing this garden of ban ban shit. The amount of people making “origins stories” pisses me off. But what can I expect from a Poppy Playtime Rainbow Friends ripoff
I'd make the excuse that they just used the German word for garden (since kindergarten literally translates to child garden in German, but that doesn't excuse the waste of time acid trip that this game is
Oh God furres
Are you a furry
“What the hell even is a Garten? That isn’t a fucking word!”   The entirely of Germany would like a word with you.
1:56 "garten" is actually German for "garden". The literal translation of "kindergarten" is "child garden". I don't like the game either but at least get your facts right Mr. UhYeah. Smh my head.   (This is a joke, I'm not mad about the lack of knowledge lol)
Garten is German for garden. Fun fact, too: Kindergarten literally means garden of children in German.
Are you a furry?
The bird is genuinely unsettling when it inches towards you before giving chase, but everything else about the game is just laughable
The bird is prolly just gonna appear everywhere as a fuckin’ joke
#BirdUp
Ayo? UhYeah suddenly turned into a daddy?
omg my mother posted i am so delighted
The QR code brings you into something LOL
If we just ignore the second game, we can stop this. We need to stop giving games that are clearly bait to become big franchises based on irony alone or just trying too hard to become popular attention so they'll go away.
GT is very skilled at making videos that say one sentence worth of actual substance that last 20 minutes so I’m sure he can bs something
Bird up
Considering MatPat made a theory about Roblox DOORS, GOBB will definitely get a theory XD
if you watching this you probably know fusion  me: (Who?) randomly coming to his video because youtbe sudgested it because i like thoery videos.
Opium Bird
I guess it's way too easy to milk the horror genre community these days.
10/10 table simulator -ThatAntGuy
"Garten?! That isn't a fucking word!"   Germans: "Why are we still here, just to suffer"
I still cant believe green thing is not Banban
I love garden of banban. My autistic brain loves the “WWWEEEEEEEEEE” sound affect when you push items
opila brid suhkssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss
It do be like that.
It’s like a downgrade from something as broken as Hello Neighbor 😭😭
You should cover the  Five nights at tubbyland trilogy and also the remake of the first game tubbyland archives: act 1. The game is awesome in my opinion and theres also an act 2 that’ll be coming soon.
Sam?! Where's Max Sam
unity garbage "kids horror games" leads to shitty for kids youtube videos, shitty for kids youtube videos lead to oddly fetishized content, the oddly fetishized content is made by pedophiles, the pedophiles create a grooming ring where they try to make people think this fetishized garbage is normal, comments that look kids bashing their keyboard or mobile device are codes that lead to google videos of cp.  the circle of the merch button on the menu screen
Omg your new stills are adorable
I love the Bird Up meme holy jeez so glad its becomin mainstream
jokes on you i didnt get fooled i have no idea what this is i dont even  know who you are!
I want this to be a parody, but something in my gut makes me think they are actually trying. Which is kinda sad
Oh boy I can't wait for TikTokers and plush universe to massacre this game with stupid animations and with the horrible plushies
YEAH FUSIONZGAMER LET'S GO!!!
I thought garten of bambam was an ironic thing made to poke fun of the current state of indie horror
Can’t wait for the garten of banban charity speedruns
garten IS a word, it's german for garden.
artists shitpost dilemma
Scott, I know you're porabably thinking you started this, but it is not your fault
I wonder why mark played garten and still didnt play onaf 3, like whyy
i can hear you use vs ourple guy midnight instrumental uhyeah i can hear it you cant hide it from me i listen i always listen
The word Garten is (at least to my knowledge) german and is just the translation of garden yeah I know there is no twist so it is a word in the german vocabulary just so you know X)
"GARTEN ISN'T EVEN A WORD" *sad German noises*
I really had no problem with garten of ban ban, I was genuinely scared of Opila Bird, and it seemed like a cool little experience, I get it's probably for youtube but it's coming off as very dramatic especially with some of the really shit games we've gotten recently. It's probably not going to go super crazy far, but it was a cool little game.
Garten is the german word for garden. It does exist. But I don't understand why the title of this game is written in genglisch
Fun fact: Garten is a word and it's the German word for "Garden" and yes this does mean the word Kindergarten translates to "Child Garden". The term dates back to the 19th century. tbh don't know why I decided to comment this, but here we are. The more you know #birdup
Hey, @uhyeah , remember bonzee, they guy who made Nightstars? Well, now he's made or is making a game called Deerwood.
I respectfully hate you so much, there is banban plushies next to the bootleg sonic ones
I’m the only one that noticed that his avatar is just the main character of food fight but is just buffed
I don't understand why all of you haters be hating on Garten of Banban. It's an interesting game with interesting(and questionable) lore. All it really needs is money to continue(expenses such as better tech, hired voice actors, and merch). Garten of Banban could also use better graphics(birb needs floof, not veiny skin) and better storytelling, albeit the latter could be in Garten of Banban 2. Call me delusional if you wish, I've heard it before(Star Wars sequels are undoubtedly canon, Disney did not ruin Star Wars), and such insults do not affect me through social media. 0:07 Opilla bird is not stoopid. It is a cute, floofy birb with cute waddle dance & stare.
Any man, if y’all want a good indie horror game, check out batdr, that is one of the best horror games that I’ve layed my eyes upon.
To be fair, I'm pretty sure it's gonna fade into obscurity like Tattletail
I have literally never heard or seen this game in my life!
I'm not sure I'd say this tricked anyone. It's a game made to get people talking about it, and people talked about it. I'd hardly call that "tricking". It's not like people thought it was some masterpiece and it turned out to be generic crap, and it's not like people thought it was generic crap and it turned out to be a masterpiece. Everyone thought it was generic crap and it was. You made a tweet about it because you thought it was funny, while knowing it's what the devs would want. That's not getting tricked, you knew it was what they wanted.  Talk about misleading titles. Thought you were better than this, at least the other ones have SOME justification.
video on SCP Endurance?
I made my little sister play it and we were saying that opila bird was just really fucking stoned and didn't know wtf it was doing XD
What video did you play of fuzion z gamer of fnaf
fnaf youtuber plays a money grab and then it goes viral SHOCKING
12:34 markiplier is the type of person to see a pit and jump in without thinking.
Uhh… fredbear?.. oh. OH OH-
Make a Tony Zaret video
BIRD UP! #gartenofbanbansweep! Jokes aside this game is shit lol
haven't even watched a fifth of the video but i have to say the Spyro footage being from Skylanders is hilarious
1:56 garten is a word its just not an english one, it's just the german word for garden. tho the game devs prob just wanted a unique title thing so they shortened kindergarten like you said.
Bring old model back
Dude was spitting bars at 1:46
BIRD UP!
11:00 is that fucking GOLDEN
im the biggest bird that you’ve ever ever seen new bird on da block on the indie scene
"Bird up", the new "Durr plant"
Bird up
The way I see it, as long as they aren’t as bad as the Poppy devs, I’ll support the game. I actually thought the bird design was really creepy. The blank expression and the simple textures really emphasize that it’s a kid’s toy. And seeing it starting at you so creepily is just… yeah it was pretty creepy. Definitely terrified me more than Poppy, FNAF, or Bendy ever could. Of course, FNAF and Bendy are still better franchises, but there’s potential. It definitely needs a lot of work though.  After seeing the second "game," I've changed my opinion. These games are so bad. There's just nothing in them lol. Thought there'd be a quality improvement (or hoped there would be), but nope. Just as bare bones as the first. Still not as bad as Poppy's devs, but these guys are super lazy.
gaslight gatekeep bird up
3:58 correction: its Unreal Engine not Unity
I feel like mascot horror has been dead for a while might be wrong
So essentially, you started most of this because of a tweet😂
"Garten" is a word. Just not in english. It's german and means about as much as "garden" lol
I never thought this game would blow up, either. I first heard of it on ManlyBadassHero’s channel and he plays horror games of all sorts. Then I saw another, and then another, until I finally saw Mark’s playthrough and was like, “What’s going on!?”
bird up
ITS THAT TRUE?!
WHAT HAPPENED TO UHYEAH WHY HE LOOK LIKE THAT THOUGH
Consider the possibility that the game was made as a test to see if making a full fledged game would be worth it. Like a pilot episode of a tv show.
I love how he named it “THE NEXT POPPY PLAYTIME IS HERE?!”  Can be interpreted as good or bad lmao.
The doors game was bad-? oh ok well people have diff opinions ig but personally got addicted to it for quite a while but the lack of updates made me feel bored
I mean you should totally play doors tho
I hope they actually make it a good game just because
So the state of popular horror games has become just a loop of Bendy and the Ink Machine but each time it's worse now... Man...  At least the birb is pretty funny out of context, though.
*Poppy playtime:* Indie horror can’t be this bad! *Rainbow friends:* Indie horror can’t be this bad! *Garten of ban ban:* Indie horror can’t be this bad!  You guys really like to speak too soon…
Love the new model and the new poses! So happy to see that there are now more than 2 poses!
Took me a whole 6 minutes to realise the music was HunnieCam Studio 😭
Garten of BanBan was in development before poppy playtime and rainbow friends but only two people working on it so it took long
the fact he was insulting and praising Doors at the same time 💀 Also Doors is getting a revamp and will be much better
every stream you're ever on, somebody will be there.. chanting "bird up.. bird up.. bird up.."
There is actually a lot of lore to garden of banban that me and my freinds have pieced together. It’s actually kinda medium depth like not shallow but not deep
I don't care that it is a cash grab game made for yt-  I just love how dang goofy it is, it makes me happy.
The supposed "tHe NeXt PoPpY pLaItImE" is worse than Poppy Playtime.
He became the thing he didn’t want to happen
Yeah when this shit became trendy I legit thought this game was completely meta-ironic meaning it was made to be unknown to be ironic or not. as it looks so fucking goofy BECAUSE of the minimal effort put into it you cannot take it seriously but now? I am not so sure.
Oh would you look at that game toons already aade a video on this game
#Birdup #Birdup #Birdup #Birdup #Birdup #Birdup
he tryed his best atleast he made a game
This game is definitely gonna end up on the Elsagate hype train for sure.
so it's all yout fault? love it. Follow.
garten is garden in german
2:46  Did he start sing the incredible crew theme song
13:53 the type of shit you’d get from the roblox toolbox in 2013 💀
bird up
There was some cool things to come out of this. I like how the chicken inches closer to you as if it’s hunting you or something.
wanna know the worst part? somebody made a story game for garten of banban on roblox called banban
bro is he using the Midnight instrumental from fnf ourple guy v2
Even the name sounds like a shitty pun.
I think this game is super funny 💀 so I like how stupid it is
I hate this stupid trend of advertising something as a game when its really just a glorified demo. Just call it a demo.
when i first saw people playing garten of ban ban i thought it was a roblox game 😭
The dude needs to make a Roblox horror games video, I really want that now for some reason #birdup
#birdup
Yeah people calling it satire don't really know what that means. It's a parody at best, and an elaborate cashgrab worst. But the devs being aware it's bad and lazy doesn't make it "satire".
in fortnite creative there's a map call puppy's factory thats like poppy playtime and fnaf sb in one
also I heard this game was made by 2 people so
Ogga booga booga ogga
Plot twist: they are making this bad to gain attraction and then later updating the game to make it look and play 10x better.   We have seen this before happen.   I'm talking to you sonic movie.
So basically this game is poppy playtime but with  rainbow Friends characters And now we're just gonna see this on YouTube kids And our minds are gonna Melt to 2 little kids playing this for no reason I will admit I play goofy horror games too for example my favorite Horror game Is literally called piggy about a pig That tries to kill you game was made as a joke but now As time went on it became more scary and more story based It was not really that goofy game anymore this How can you take the seriously
"Garten of banban is a low effort game trying to cash in on attention"  My fellow believer in christ, *You made the video*
I want the whole of indie horror to be taken over by children  oh, wait that's what is happening  bendy and fnaf are the only safe ones  also this game is dog S###
It’s funny how I discovered the game like a wee before on itch and now this shit is a meme
I've haven't watched many videos about Garten of Banban, but this one made realize that the game looks like it takes place at an Ikea.
I honestly thought it was a Roblox game…
the claims of it being satire is so frustrating because like... surely it would include something that makes some actual commentary if that were the thing, right? like, the merch page would be fake and making blatant references to stuff like poppy playtime merch. or there would be some actual semblance of commentary on the games it's supposedly satirizing. it's like the much more common ragebait that can be seen all over the internet - even if they KNEW the game was shitty, that doesn't necessarily mean they were doing something clever
The bird is kinda cute though.
You should do a video on Minecraft five night at Freddy’s
bird up
bird up
THE CATS ARE BACK FROM “I played 100 Scratch FNAF Games”
Did you really need to censor the swearing?  All for that pitiful bank.
the meatly did it better then what Garten of whatever garbage that was a TRULY dumpster fire
This is such a YouTube of a game tbh, also, nice PNGs, they look very clean.
An irony on par with Greek Tragedy- you were waiting for this game to blow up, and in your sarcastic conceit (hubris), you birded up, which led to your meme trending on twitter which led to this game occupying public consciousness longer than it deserved (not at all; this game does not deserved to be talked about at all). There isn't a piss-stained Freddy Fazbear's  Pizzeria ballpit deep enough...
Indie Horror Mascot Games* have entered its flop era. It's that simple.     *Yes, MASCOT GAMES. Because they're focused on the mascots first and horror second.
Is this the proof he's grown enough to have actual influence?
What song is used at 1:57?
this is the stupidest video that i've seen in a week. just NO meaning in all this video footage, you talked about literally nothing
Garten is actually german ans Stands for yard
Is that you, Dex Dogtective?
I'm gonna be completely honest, my Monster Hunter brain went to another thing when I saw "Bird Up."
Uhyeah you better Change your character you already got furries drooling over you
five nights at freddy’s freak show has a demo uhyeah if you want to play the demo im not jokeing
he made the bird up meme relevant again!
Poppy playtime in Ohio:
I feel like every few months uhyeah becomes more and more detailed
https://youtu.be/vC0roEkkKkQ
Birb.
I have an idea of whay could've helped "Bird Up" skyrocket.  So there's this Youtuber named TerminalMontage and he makes these hilarious animations. Most noteably, the "Something about" series. In all of the "Something about Monster Hunter" videos, he'd have a running gag of a Kuyu-La-Ku, a weird Bird monster, pop up onto the screen and go "BIRD UP".  Opilia kinda looks like how TerminalMontage draws the Yuya-La-Ku, and so that could've helped it become so well known.
fuzionzgamer super pro uff wow how pro
3:26 Oh my god I heard that same "lights turning on" sound used in Ultrakill 💀
So far, I have watched the video 10 times over to get that secret message. The most I got was: r-r-r-r-r-r-r-r-r-r. Ima keep watching to see what kind of clue Uh Yeah was trying to say
someone PLEASE make a game that is actually based on fighting your fears and not corrupting childhood
There was one YouTuber that I watch videos of that also played Garten of Banban, and he did it before Markiplier. That is ManlyBadassHero. And I know he was before Mark because I watch them both and saw Manly's video days before Mark's showed up.
MedMen Stock Moving Up Fast! Best Brand in the Industry.  Buy MMNFF stock today...
i love opila bird
I wonder how long until someone makes Garten of Bambam, the Flintstones parody
Damn my boy dropped $30 on a beanie
Bro FusionZGamer is my favorite Youtuber.
garten more like roadblock
Bro live the now PNG
i did it ma, i made it into a uhyeah video
bird up!
Have them all get together and break the algo
Wtf is rainbow friends?
They still spent time and effort for it so show a little respect too bro and also it's its own story
#birdup
W Fusion Z gamer
bird up!
i hear midnight in the bg
Bird
Garten is just garden in German
Bird up
You can call Garten of Ban Ban just a free model with free models in it.
It's THAT bird
Bird up!
fortnite!!
Miss when games were actually scary and well made like fnaf and amnesia.
does anyone know the song that play at 1:20 to 2:03?
"I hoped into my friend called acid"and shrooms.haha 😃😂🤷🏻‍♀️
Hello neighbor ☺️🙏🥲🫂🕊️ Peace ✌️🕊️
The bird from Garten of Banban literally showed up in one of my dreams. This stupid bird has ruined my life. I want it DEAD.
I thought this game was a roblox game originally
Bird Up
“Hey guys, welcome to game theory! Today, we are going to figure out how fat and voluptuous Opila Bird’s ‘crown jewels’ are!”
the burp jumpscare made me jump so bad
#birdup
But I don't care. I just like reactions.
i wonder if ophelia bird does bong
that weird little blorbo bird is the game's sole redeeming factor
For the longest time i thought bird up was a original joke from terminal montage, well the joke of the bird from monster hunter causing bird up is original but bird up itself isn't      *BIRD UP* **INTENSE DUN DUN DUN DUNS**
Poppy playtime has actual effort put it in, while this feels like a something made in 5 seconds in a middle school science class
I never watch this game because the game is bad no hard work went in it
#birdup
"Garten isn't even a word"  uhyeah when other languages exist: 😮
Bird Up! PD: Do a video about Doors
i actually kinda liked opila bird. i liked the way that it creeps up on the player like its sizing them up, like its creeping up on prey. but otherwise, it,,, yeah this game kinda sucks lmao
The strangest thing to me is this developer has actually made a really interesting game before that I liked. "He Needs His Medicine" was also a really short experience but I think it was exactly as long as it needed to be. It was creative and unique enough that I felt it had its own identity. It never gained a lot of traction, so I honestly feel like the devs just got fed up with their honest attempts at horror games being ignored and made this game as a test to see if this sort of thing would really work with the lowest effort put into it as possible. And needless to say it succeeded lol
Funny thing: That pink birb's jumpscare sounds exactly like my plush dinosaur. You press his foot, and is roaring just like that pink emu-wannabe
“This stupid pink bird from twitter” now hold on a minute
Garten is a word, it's garden in German and yes it is a reference to kindergarten which is children garden.
Imagine the second one is just amazing
I don't care how bad and lazy it is, I love it
I will never forgive you for the BadlandsChugs jumpscare  Thank you so much, that was amazing
Hey... Wait a minute... uhyeah is a furry!
I don't think indie horror has gotten 'this bad' or will ever get 'this bad'. Poorly made indie horror games have been around for years upon years now, go on steam and you'll find 10 pieces of garbage for every good game you find. If anything I think the major issue when it comes to the scene and poorly made copies is one that falls upon fandoms and consumers. I constantly see people looking for the next bendy or poppy or other currently popular subgenre of indie horror that actual good games are just being ignored and overlooked because they don't fit the current trend. While I don't trust Konami much at all with the new silent hill games, the fact I know people, IRL people who have little to no interest in the new games, let alone even looking at the actual good OG games because they aren't like fnaf or bendy etc, or fatal frame even, seems more like horror games, triple A or indie, haven't become bad, it's that consumers have grown stale in their interest. They want the same type of game over and over.
God damn why is your avatar cute lmao
hey uhyeah can u cover Fnaf World Ultimate. it looks awesome and I wanna see it get some love
Huh. So, is that game a parody or not? It's so badly made I just can't tell.
I watch fusionzgamer and seeing you talk about him is amazing
0:20 Seeing anything skylanders pop out of nowhere in any way just fills me with an undesirable amount of joy.
I'd like to point out that garten is a word, it's German for garden.  Also, the bird was the highlight of the game. Some people have pointed out that the bird's behavior is the same as a bird predator. First being curious and sizing up their prey before attacking.
My thing is 😂this game is nothing like poppy playtime 😂😂 so why is this getting compared 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
So uh... how does it feel to have birthed a meme?
Uhyeah Cant sugarcoat it
this is absolute madness and i love it
Garten means garden in German btw
i dont realy like how uh yeahs character but it wil probably grow on me
YOU
How do people even get scared by this game it so badly made and designed, it’s sense of direction on what to do is more vague than the first bendy game
garten is garden in german, kinder-garten translates to child garden 2:01
poppy-playtime was the start of the end
this video is my second interaction with this game, the first one was one of my friends showing me a nsfw drawing she made of the bird.
Wait until some developer decides to make a "Five Nights at Ban Ban's" that's actually ironically good XD
God sometimes I love the internet. This was so funny
“ garden is not a word “ Germany would like to speak with u sir
I heard of this game from a meme phisnom uploaded Garten is german for garden btw
yesterday i had to explain to my mother what huggy wuggy is after she saw a child hugging a "blue long armed with big teeth and eyes"
Chapter 2 is gonna be better
#bird up
This is a f*cking experiment.
I love how you didn't mention that the devs made a school shooting game
I feel like poppy playtime is the reason indie horror games aren’t as good anymore. But there are still some good ones like bendy and the dark revival
Fnaf originally worked because the characters had an uncanny look when in gameplay and while having humanoid like movement, they were very inhuman. They become to human later on, like in security breach where animatronics acted like full on humans
This game literally looks like a Roblox game  💀💀💀
W or L
IVE BEEN WAITING FOR THISSSSS YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Awesome video.
I find it Weird" that this game has a merch store.
Why is this game getting so much hate, anyway? It's actually really good, and a coincidence that it looks like Poppy playtime. like, bruh.
I cant believe uhyeah started the whole "Bird Up" meme
The only exposure I got to this game was a 1 second video of the bird walking, and doing the stupid scream/groan/snore sound in a discord server, didn't know what it was, didn't care. AND THEN THIS IS *RECOMMENDED* TO ME-
The Bird is the only reason this game is known to humanity 💀💀💀 f[ur mom]ing bird bro thats just like every bird ever
I LOVE THE BIRD!!! BIRD GANG!!!!!!
Gotta respect those brothers for actually doing what I’ve been thinking about doing forever and just making a cash grab game
garten of ban ban: unstable social media uranium in action
Garten is a word is German which means "Garden"
bird up
And markipliers comment section is filled with people calling this game ,,utterly horrifying". Its just sad
The waffle house has found it's new host
Uhhh actualy garten ist a Word🤓 It comes from kinder garten!🤓🤓🤓 A German Word that literaly means childrens garden🤓🤓🤓
So let me get this straight, the reason this "game" Is as big as It Is, and people unironically defend It as something more than a cheap predatory asset flip meant to sell t-shirts, can be blamed on a large part on you... Uh huh... I see... Good to know...
6:24 DAWKO. DAWKO! LISTEN WE WONT JUDGE YOU IF YOU SAY "funny rainbow playtime not scary"
FINALLY
bonbean
#BirdUp sorry for that #
1:05 same. Since then, I still don't know what the hell is this. Though, I didn't care much
Bird up
furry
TONY ZARET!!!
Anyone else notice Jumbo Josh is just DJ Music Man and Green the Rainbow Friend combined.
matpat in the episode he played the game had mixed feelings, saying that everything is from one of the big indie mascot horror game's mechanics, and merch button on the main menu is tacky, but he does slightly enjoy the game and says it has done SOMETHING 'cool' (the qr code). but idk if the game theory episode will be about the lore or just a discussion about the state of indie horror
This is so dumb why is Indie horror like this
Bird up
Never thought that you'd be the Creator of that birdup trend rn
Game looks like it was made with Dreams
"Sharing is caring, your pancreas is mine!" I am not Banban's girlfriend who got stabbed to death.
boring game.
WHY ARE PEOPLE PLAYING THIS!?!? WHAT THE FUCK??? Stop please stop
What the fuck is an "Opila" though
well garten is garden in german
I Hope there is a screenshot of this game on r/theletterh
Most people think of terminalmontage when they hear, bird up
Indie horror in general is so bad now, it’s essentially just pretend-horror for kids. I wish we could get something truly disturbing out of indie horror, something that really makes you think.
Garten is german for garden
oh no uhyeah has turned into a NFT
Here's a fun fact:   A lot of assets in this game, if not all of them, are pre-made. Even that Minecraft looking remote is pre-made. And, to make things worse, you would think that the "symbol" of the main mecanic of the gameplay, a.k.a. the drone, would have been made by the developers, but NOPE! The drone is pre-made too.  If you thought the game looks lazy, think that they didn't even bothered to make 3D models.   Now, I'm not sure if the assets are free or not, but, if they are free, as far as I know, they will not be allowed to monetize the game. It would be funny if they will get sued if the sequel will cost money.
HE'S THE BIGGEST BIRD, HE'S THE BIGGEST BIRD, HE'S THE BIGGEST BIIIRD
1000th comment
I prefer the old, more cartoony uhyeah. New one looks too furry
I never pay attention to this game cos it seemed so plain and sad
Man's updated his Avatar's look, to be honest, I like the more detailed version. It looks pretty nice. The video is amazing and it speaks the truth, Mascot horror really has fallen from the high Grace's it once sat upon. Now lowered to degenerate fast made cashgrabs like Garten of BanBan. Alsy why Garten? I still don't understand the choice for why Garten instead of Garden. Glad I'm not the only one who was pissed off by that.
it’s the reverse of Baldi’s Basics  instead of a parody game gaining traction because people treated it like it was legitimately a modern indie horror game, it’s a blatant youtube bait game that gained traction because people thought it was a parody
BIRD UP!
1:58 Garten is actually a Word just Not an english one Garten is german and tands for Garden. Kindergarten is also German Just thought i might mention that.
Gartenofbananas
this genre of mascot horror game needs to stay in Roblox, imo. Mascot horror games mostly follow the "kids toys turn creepy" formula, which will be a perfect fuel for Roblox kids to play lol. It doesn't need to be its own game with its own game page.
4:12 Springtrap has that as well, but on him it's actually creepy This game is hilarious
iirc, Garten is part of the German word Kindergarten
this abomination was made on my birthday :(
"Garten" means Garden in German just so you know
I kinda hate where indie horror is going this kid focused horror only made with the intention of going viral it’s just sad at least poppy playtime didn’t feel like it was only meant to go viral also the day I see garten of banban plushes in those mall kiosks is the day I go feral and start living in the woods
Garten of Banban: Exists The Internet: "It hit itself in it's confusion!"
I like your oc redesign 10/10 would reccomend
i think it got popular because people are always craving indie horror. they need something to hold them over until poppy playtime c.3 comes out
Garten of Banban is a cool looking game and yall need to stop hating on indie devs and there games so hard, like u can not like it but a whole video on it? Pretty unnecessary.
"I was either slacking off playing spyro..." Background: *skylanders spyro's adventure intensifies*
I mean, eh.  There's a lot of game devs out there who are in it purely for the money, hard to fault these guys for actually hitting something.   Really this is just more about what people are willing to swallow than the devs doing anything shady.
0:20 AYOOOO skylanders in a uhyeah video?
garten just = garden yes, kindergarten just means child garden
I just like opila bird, anything else is bad in the game.
im not even gonna lie, i saw a 'bird up' meme before i even knew about the existence of this game
In all fairness, Aquilla Bird in this game is way better than 40k one
#BirdUp lol
thanks for ruining my recommendations 🥰
This BETTER not take away Poppy playtimes popularity. It is such a copy that they should've said it themselves. XD! It's also crazy that "Meatly," the creator of Bendy, said it was bad HIMSELF on a video about the bootleg!
Fun fact: "Garten" is indeed a real word, not just part of the word "Kindergarten". It is literally just the German term for "garden".
People thinking this game is satire are on a massive copium
I'm gonna have to watch your playthrough. It looks pretty funny.
Great video, very nice and smooth, love the OC design, what da dog doin, but 8:23 O_O  _Therapist: ''Hyperrealistic uhyeah isn't real, hyperrealistic uhyeah can't hurt you''_ *_Hyperrealistic uhyeah:_*  Also I have to mention...you mean to say you fully recognize how this awful game tricked the internet into popularity and you're just, not bothered? Is the overall direction of indie mascot horror not super concerning right now? What about when this game's second chapter releases, what if this soulless cash grab succeeds? (not to mention merch) Are we still going to be laughing then?
The bird looks high
Bird up
I am not over 4 years old.
I thought the game was an obvious attempt at riding the train of other games from foreign developers going “omg guys it’s a place for kids but it’s spoOoOoOoky!!!”  Actually come to think of it, you explore, solve puzzles, are almost constantly under threat and it all takes place in a big ol building with many corridors and rooms. It reminds me of scp containment breach but made for kid’uns and with a cookie cutter concept
Garten us a word
I feel how this is ment to be trash as the second may be better and more popular based on this games popularity
I recommend you to play a good non-fnaf indie horror game, junkyard fury 1 and 2
S3 uhyeah is just gonna be a purple PNG of a dog
For real thought he was about to start singing a villain song about how much he hates this game at 1:45 to 2:00
"How did Mark stretch this to 21 minutes" [*is the second shortest video of the 4 referenced*] Also, 9 minutes earlier: "My first playthrough took me about 45 minutes"
Skylanders
I watched a vid about this stupid thing and didn't even pay attention. That's how bored and uninterested I was. I think I napped during the video without meaning to. Not "this one", like the gameplay I saw for it...
WHY DO YOU LOOK LIKE THAT?!
Only the characters are made by the creators
I like how people going like: 'Garten of banban is a Poppy Playtime rip off.' While I can remember that people called Poppy Playtime a Bendy and the Inkmachine when it first came out
“What even is a “garten”?” Its a garden, translate it from german, kindergarten literally means “childrens garden” so if you remove “kinder” it is just “garten” which means garden
#birdup
Bruh the people making this game are only college students
cant get over how handsome this new talksprite is lol
SuperHorrorBro's story explained video had no enthusiasm in his voice. I get the impression he really didn't want to make it.
Its literally impressive, in the bad way, that Jumbo Josh its having more recognition THAN Ban Ban that its the main antagonist AND OPILA BIRD that its the MAIN antagonist on the chapter. I think Jumbo Josh will be the next Huggy Wuggy I swear.
Imagine if they just never released a second chapter.
12:34 Markiplier was able to get to 21 minutes because ADHD.
#BirdUp
This is kimda sad. A dude makes a game for fun, for free, with optional merch that you definitely don’t have to buy as well as the sequel seemingly appearing to be free as well - and they get absolutely ripped to shreds by strangers on the internet. Who is this game hurting? No one. Let it be, ignore it. For once, an indie mascot-style horror game isn’t hurting anybody.  I better not hear a word out of any of you when/if Venge fully releases, considering that game came well before Poppy Playtime - the game everyone loves to attribute to the fall of indie horror - when Poppy Playtime literally stole all of it’s ideas FROM Venge, and it’s creator.  Along with the fact that soooo many people are quick to insult this game right off the bat, but we’re just all going to forget how terrible the creators of Poppy Playtime are? The fucking NFT’s? The harassing of a MINOR, the one who created Venge where they stole the idea from?? So Garten of Banban is worth your time to make a video out of to nitpick how cheap it seems, but not Poppy Playtime? Gimme a break, i’m sick of lets players brushing past clear, valid criticism and reasons to not support Poppy Playtime.
Well garteb in German means Garden, but I have heard fatten used for kindergarten before by a few people.
Hol up, you like Skylanders?
I imagine I’m one of a million people saying this, but garten is simply garden in german. Kindergarten means youth garden :)
The truth is, the game was rigged from the start
Won't lie, when I think Bird Up, I think of Terminal Montage's series of Monster Hunter videos
''what the hell is a garten, that's not even a word'' german viewers: 👁👄👁
The problem with indie games these days is children they make the devs make it child friendly to make more profit and they focus on it so much that they even forget that they are working on a horror game
I wasn't expecting to hear my song slipped in near the end :0
Damn people hate everything
I remember hearing the game was satire, and I'm so mad it was a genuine attempt at horror. Trash game.
Yeah, I can't really relate. I typically like horror games that have some cartoony creativity to them (I think there was a horror game that was almost like sesame street that I liked, but I cannot remember the name of it). I see a lot of horror games that take place in a dark but ordinary area, where someone is just looking for something or collecting pieces of dialogue, and some ghost/monster/murder comes to kill you. I like games with more creative visuals. There was a game called slide in the woods that was short, but I liked the ominous theme of something innocent and child-like phrased in a way that gets me hooked. This is definitely not a grand horror game, but for a simple one, and I like it............................ honestly I probably just like cartoon style things and very simple designed graphics, just the inner kid in me that never really grew up that adores these colorful................ either way hopefully they continue the series.
"Garten" is Garden but in German
opila bird
I didn't even know that those were veins, I thought it was some weird body melting stuff
i feel like giving in and buying the merch was a lot worse than just making a video and fueling its popularity. the proper course of action imo is to drop this entirely and ignore it, no money, no views, nothing. actually buying the merch is a signal to the creators to continue this fuckfest of nothingness and fueling the fires of more shit indie games made to sell toys to toddlers who can't even comprehend what death is
It has a button that links to merch on the main menu. Any claims of it being ironic are invalid
Don’t dis my gay homophobic chicken. I mean like shame the rest of the game, but my purple pigeon did nothing wrong
A game that is only funny due to things that weren't intentional does not deserve any credit. It's a cashgrab game piggybacking off the hype of two already bad games
"BABE WAKE UP, BANBAN 2 JUST DROPPED"
It's that bird?!?!
11:24 i just realized this is golden from fnf ourple guy (the song in the background)
I love how you just started 2 trends
This game is such an enigma. And it's a shame, given how one look at the rest of the games made by the developers appear to have genuine effort put into them. He Needs His Medicine and Flesh Water look like they have real passion put into them. But it seems the Euphoric Brothers realized that all you need is a game that appeals to young kids for a big hit, and sadly, they are completely correct.
Old uhyeah sprite is classic freddy: I love him, hes a classic image who knows how to bird up with the best of em. Hes slightly crusty in some areas but hes a G.  New uhyeah sprite is like withered freddy: large, you would tell him your netflix password if he asked, lacks crust, has a stable income.
Why does the Euphoric Brothers logo have front butts  Opila Bird's deadeye following stare is the only remotely resembling creepy thing in the whole 5 minute experience.
I cant ignore this anymore, preach uhyeah
i'm not gonna lie, i actually really love the weird, probably broken way opila walks it reminds me of how a wild animal might slowly approach, only to try for a threatening sprint, and it adds to the spook factor for me definitely needs to be used in a good game imo
BIRD UP!
There's already r34 of it...
Like watergate
#BirdUp
Wait, I want an Opeila bird hat-
i love garten of banban i love simplistic enjoyment  its so dumb its funny
The bird's walk cycle looks like how they made walk cycles in old happy wheels levels by attaching the character's legs to invisible wheels.
good now do bendy
0:42 also 75% of his titles are “this animatronic is coming to eat me!” Does he have something to tell us
bird up
Finding out that there's going to be a SECOND game, that's not a chapter 2, it actually shook my up a bit, despite the fact that I simply couldn't give a bigger f about the game
The lesson from this: bird up
Are you a furry?
Pikuniku music! Yipee!
Furry
Just hearing the Bird Up triggers a fight a flight response from my body
@bire up
Honestly, I think them initially hiding the replies could actually have been them trying to *seem* like a legit, serious game, so people would talk about them like a legit, serious game, because of Cunningham's law. Being an alright parody is one thing, but the channels that blow up this kind of game often *don't* play blatent parodies of the genre, for understandable/obvious reasons.  And, well... Negativity tends to perform better on the algorithm, so if big analysis creators (like yourself) make videos calling it bad and laughing at it (like you just did), then *even more* people are going to be exposed to it, and statistically some of those people will think it's a parody even if the creator says it isn't (like I am currently doing), and others will stick around to see how bad it gets.  Basically, I actually agree with your point that they designed this game to go viral, but from the angle of "they wanted a parody game to ride the waves normal games do". Obviously they also wanted money, because you don't directly parody a merch store without selling merch, and I do think they're gonna try and nab some money outta the crowd of kids that eat this shit up, but I don't think that necessarily eats away at the parody angle, mainly due to the realities of capitalism.  Also, I think this is the case because of the fact the bird's pose you first find it in is so obviously supposed to be a joke, but the joke also obviously falls flat. It's supposed to be funny, but just isn't. That *failure* on the parody end is what nails it in for me that it's at least primarily a parody.   And in the end, ether way, they're clearly going to be taking the parody angle moving forward, so this conversation doesn't actually matter, because the sequel will be the same no matter which was the intent.
Really enjoying the new artstyle for your avatar
I am incredibly insulted by this video.       Judging by your footage you were playing Skylanders. It may have his name on the title (for the first game) and may have him in it. But that is not Spyro. I hope you grow and change as a person.
Did you mean to use footage of Skylanders when you mentioned Spyro?
Me when the brd
i only knew of it bc of manlybadasshero lol
I'm happy you shoutout FusionZgamer, I feel like you either found him when fnaf 1 and 2 came out or you just found him within the last 6 months
Furry question mark?? Lgbtq question mark??
1:59 No idea if someone already said as much, but note from germany: Garten is the german word for garden. When I just got deeper into english scripts of horror games in my late childhood/early teens, it actually slightly spooked me to see "Kindergarten" in the language at all, because neither of those are english words.(Kind is german for Child.) I guess it could theoretically be translated as Garden of Children if we squint our eyes, making the name of this game a weird pun.(Though that may actually be unintentional and pure luck with how bootleg the product actually is)
"They tricked us"? Buddy, you're the one who played it, made memes which escaped your discord and then posted a YouTube video in an already inflated algorithm that's just my videogamecrimes.mp4.
Every time I see this game I think "dang, I could make a better game" I've never even made a game so....
Ngl I love that bird
The idea of a horror game with with this sort of liminal space/abandoned building setting HAS a lot of potential. But like... if someone behind it actually CARED.
All of the thumbnails are that freaking green guy
thank god someone finally called out how trash this thing is #birddown
This is the greatest Psy op ever
“We’ve been shmeckle dorfed!” -spongebob
You know... I thought this game was meant to copy the style of 80's CGI. It would have actually been sick if they leaned into that style more. Instead, it's just a sack of leaking shit.
Garten is German for Garden... It's literally just that deep... Kindergarden comes from Kindergarten. Wich is German for you already know what...
Uhyeah can you upload your new theme song I kinda wanna listen to the full version
bird up
0:20 Skylanders based
ok, to be honest.. i actually screamed at garten of banban because of me just being dumb and not checking on opila bird AND ALSO HAVING MY SOUND HIGH so the jumpscare broke my ears
completely unrelated to the actual video but im goign insane because i think at 11 minutes golden from ourple guy v2 is playing in the bg
It's That Truth
I’ve seen NSFW of opila bird… I just need to confess this somewhere.
It's honestly very shocking that Garten of BanBan still got a lot of attention from YouTubers, despite the game being downright bad  I think it goes on the "It's so bad, but it's hilarious at the same time" tier, especially the Bird up moment being spread around the internet by storm.  Garten of BanBan, from what I look at it, was made for YouTubers to react and scream at, and it was proven that anybody can make something like this by getting Pre made aspects and making poorly designed characters. However the memes are entertaining than the game itself
Just wait until he shows up in a LIMC Video
Yea this game sucks
Tony Zaret appreciation at 9:41 absolutely insane
This is Rainbow Friends + Poppy Playtime MADE IN OHIO
I only looked at the “game “ after the meatly made there parity horror game
Why was the siren before green guy appeared the scariest part
It didn’t catch my attention at first, but then I saw Phisnom making fun of it on a tweet once, and decided to watch a few playthroughs. It still didn’t surprise me afterwards.
Says playing spyro shows clip of skylanders
uhyeah has so many questions about the game at 1:47
I think I understand something now.  The reason video games have gotten so bad (aside from corporations) is because, we’ve all become critics.  No one is allowed to experiment, to fail, to make their first game, because communities will verbally beat the crap out of any poor developer who tries.  No more.  I’m not going to be overly negative when comes to video games anymore.  Because video games aren’t supposed to be graded or judged, they’re meant to be fun, and Garten of Banban looks pretty fun to me.
i kind of miss the old hand puppet
i found it on Markiplier
bird up
FuzionZGamer is my fav youtuber!
bird up
have you seen terminalmontage!
13:47 I originally though Garten of Banban WAS a roblox game
Bird up
I think the Game Theory video, if he makes one, will probably be about color theory or how like certain people associate different shapes with different things. so the video will be less about the actual game and more about the memetics and marketing surrounding it.
I still hate the new "png" fursona of his
HOLY SHIT OURPLE GUY V2 REPRESENTATION
When I saw jumbo Josh’s hands, I thought it was a giant green penis at first, and the veins didn’t help either. Eeeuuunnng
.net
i suspect that if matpat makes a theory it'll be about the colors and predictions of the roles for banban and the others with have in the story, or about what made opila bird trend on twitter
It was obvious what they were doing from the start. A terrible, albeit genuine attempt at making a horror game to start with. It gets big and people misinterpret it as intentionally bad, and the creators roll with it because it's the best spin on the game they're going to get.
We call this the Morbius effect.
So THATS WHERE THAT MEME CAME FROM! Wow, you really made us think...
Indie games have been terribly influenced from security breach, poppy playtime, rainbow friends, mascot horror has been ruined, its just funny colorful children horror games now,
Hello
My guy made a meme 😂
Tbh mark has been kinda late when it comes to uploadimg some of this popular games (I can't remember any examples but it has happend enough times to draw my attention)
I feel as though these are from the brothers from digital homicide studios ,I recommend checking Frederick knudsens video about them  but this looks like something up their alley
It's like when brands make cringey ads and they go viral solely because folks can't stop talking about how cringe it is
I will this. Indie horror, more specifically child horror, is not real horror. Like how a spork is not a real fork or a real spoon, child horror may have horror in the title, but it isn’t real horror. They are more like simple monster chase puzzle games than horror games. If you genuinely find them scary, I hope someone can change your diaper for you
that is one funny bird
Bird up
The only part I'm liked was when the bird fell to its death because it made a funny scream.
I personally like the game
>cash in >game is free wow another youtube video unreasonably donkey riding garten of banban
I love the game cuz it's funny and meme material
Bird up
FUZIONZGAMER SHOUT OUT I LOVE IT WHEN THAT HAPPENS!!
witch fusionzgamer video is that
never really liked fusionZ, most of his stuff just seems very over exacerbated or it seems like hes acting dumb with the answer to the puzzle sitting right infront of him but looking everywhere else "trying" to find it, just comes off as trying to extend the video run time through pretending to not see the highlighted flashing object
Ah yes, a fellow Skylanders enjoyer
Honestly, if it didn't try to make people buy merch for it, it could be argued that this game is just a parody  But nah
ok
This video is strait fact, people are wining about how bad the game is, and yes it is very terrible, but they don't know that it was a simple joke.
2:35 didn’t know they made a game of me
Honestly, I think one of the main things I'll ever hold strongly about the game is that the (serious) hate is hella overdone, I think a neutral stance to the game where you understand the problems, understand the positives and laugh at the humor is the best outlook we can all have for this game.
Let’s dissect this game: Character designs: Rainbow friends  Recording tape: Fnaf Ending scene: Doors Pit scene: Poppy playtime Fetch quest: every game ever
I am entirely convinced this dude is a furry
bird up
a slimey cashgrab shilling a merch store in a 5 minute long game, yeah lets give this thing our money, and then act surprised when the indie horror scene is flodded by these types of actors, but hey i guess in your case its only more content cause then you can go "wHaT hApPeNd To HorRrOr InDiE" in 6 months
BIRD UP!!!!
3:43 OH GOD, HE CROSSED HIS ARMS!!!
Didn't know he had friend's
imagine if they make chapter 2 just amazing and chapter 1 was just a troll 💀
It’s a real thing and not satire, I wish it was a joke, I really do but it’s not
On a completely unrelated note, I am in LOVE with your new sprites! They look so clean and adorable but also so detailed and classy! Kinda wished you credited the artist in the description so I could follow them somewhere (unless you did it yourself, to which, wow you lot MAJOR talent!)
Uhyeah’s inevitable follow-up video on Garten of BanBan better have him with the Opila hat photoshopped on his head 😤
Fusion w
no one notices that bendy and the ink machine is the actual precursor to the "abandoned facility with big monsters that look like the fictional characters from the game's universe"
When I saw the video, for some reason, I immediately yelled "YES! "  But in all seriousness, I love your content 🐿
Wait, those are veins? I thought they were made of paper mâché.
The birb yesss
I am 100% convinced that Garten of Banban is a meta/interactive artistic statement on the uninspired and cashgrabby nature of various indie horror games
Not defending the game, js, garten is actually German for garden, as is Kindergarten German for "Garden of Children", in reference to the care taken to grow the kids into educated kids
Wait I'm supposed to believe this game with flat textures etc etc I've already talked about this game's flaws in other comments was made on purpose
SKYLANDERS!!!!!!!!!! based uhyeah
Bruh why isn’t he making 1B Bears vs Every FNaF Anamatronic??
While the game is complete hot garbage and more than likely nothing but a soulless money grab, I do think there's one thing that it genuinely did well, and it was the moment with Opila Bird almost "hunting" you down after you go and do the mascot color puzzle It could very much be janky coding that causes it, but, it's still very creepy seeing it slowly approaching you like an actual bird hunting you down
For a second I thought this was a film theory becuas the title
I've never made a game before, but Garten of BanBan honestly gave me motivation to make my own game. I mean hey, if this shit can trend then I can too! 🤷
Some tags: #jumbojosh #opilabird #gartenofbanban #birdup #banban #captainfiddles #stingerflynn #banbilina #missmason #drone #dronebutton #eggs #opilabirdisunbiliviblyhungryfindit6eggstoclaimyourprize #garten #of #banban #gartenofbanban2
I wanna hug the dog man
this is just sad, indie horror is just a sad joke
You never explained how the game was bad
Bird up boys
BIRB
i dont think fnaf started this trend, sure this mightve branched off of fnaf, but id say its more a fault of poppy playtime
Whenever I think of bird ip I think of Christian Kirby aka termanoge (probably wrong) something about Kirby stuff
Ever since I became so utterly uninterested in Poppy Playtime (which happened before chapter 2 even released), I didn't have anything pushing me to check out Project Playtime, nor Rainbow Friends, and especially not the... thing that is Banban Garten.  Or, wait, it's actually called Garten of Banban. Couldn't even remember the name correctly.
Imagine Matpat's Theory is just the same thing in Fnaf kidnap and kill kinda crap. Reminds me the Sister Location they'll capture children when no one is looking.
PLEASE MAKE A DOORS VIDEO!
Bird up🦜
also IF A TREND EXISTS PEOPLE WILL JUMP ON THE TREND! saying that 'jumping on a trend because the trend exists' is bad is like saying 'dodging a bullet because it will kill you' or 'the act of trends existing' is bad. seriously in my opinion calling out a trend for EXISTING is like calling out the non-venomous garter snake for EXISTING. how would you feel if someone said you were bad for existing? that is probably how you are making the creators of garten of banban feel by making this video
Bird up
five nights at Bonnies playtime rainbow Garten of amanda the adventurers apple farm tattletail Lamu  fnaf, bonnies bakery, poppy playtime, rainbow friends, garten of banban, amanda the adventurere, andys apple farm, tattletail, hungry Lamu
The random letter appearing reminds me of when you die in baldi's basics but instead of letters a random item appears
I can’t believe he called the bird stupid! Quick, Twitter! Crucify him!!!
this reminds me of an idea someone had about this game it meant to be one giant parody about the curent indie horror landscape
Tbh, you should do a video about Venge. Poppy Playtime is Venge’s successor.
Garten is garden in German so kindergarten means children’s garden
I had seen the game pop up in my subscriptions but the constant "is this the next poppy's playtime?" titles turned me away from it. I had also seen the pink bird a couple of times but still had no interest, it wasn't until Markiplier played it that I realized that this wasn't going anywhere & I was bored so I watched it.  Thought the game was ok with the Bird's AI being actually creepy as I was expecting it to bolt for the player, not move back and forth a little as if it was studying the player. Wasn't the scariest thing ever as the design itself was meh but better than I was expecting from the rest of the game.  Then I saw the giant green blob thing and thought it was absolutely awful, it clearly looked like either a work-in-progress or simply made by an amateur who hasn't had much experience yet with 3D modeling. Then I was flabbergasted when the game ended.  It was literally that scene from SpongeBob where Patchy the Pirate was sitting in his chair and said "That's it?"  It was the start of a horror game not the whole thing and then a sequel was already confirmed on the title screen so I was left wondering "why is it not called Chapter 1?" It's clearly designed as an episodic story, so why not be upfront about it? At least then the short gameplay would be expected, or were they afraid of people waiting for a full release? Either way the game is way more popular than it should be in its current state, unlike games such as Bendy and the Ink Machine, the game does not have a unique premise or artstyle it's quite literally your average 2020s indie kids-horror game.
Recently got in Fusion again and I love him
what the dog doin'?
Uh yeah evolvin like a Pokémon frfr
#BirdUp
i feel star struck you playing a fnf inst
This is better than the waffle house. Change my mind.
0:19 Glad to see another skylanders fan. Those games were my childhood and I’d love to see a remaster (even though it’s unlikely)
People are taking this to seriously  It's just a indie horror game
When i first saw this game i thought it was gonna be good💀
THAT HOW I FOUND OUT OF IT LOL
BITIMTDR was prob the last good indie horror game
SO YOU CAUSED THIS. THIS IS YOUR FAULT.
We need more videos like this
This is a brutal bruh moment.
#BIRDUP
When I first sawed it, it looked so bad that I refused to install it
#BIRDUP
this is worst than most Roblox horror games
BIRD UP
I’ve seen MANY better and longer indie horrors in 24 hour game jams
you know the game is fantastic when the badlands chugs belch edit scares me infinitely more than the actual game itself
The hiding the comments thing might have been in order to make it less transparent that it is satire, I still don't buy that this isn't, the creators have been joking about the game and everything else related to it so much and there is so many stuff inside of the game that make it feel like a massive troll, there's notes in the files that sound like shitpost. If this ends up being unironic I really don't know what to say, at least opila bird is funny.
Sometimes in indie horror, you get simple but very well made things like No One Lives Under the Lighthouse.     And other times, you get Garten of Banban.
imagine having to explain your joke
Hi  Btw can u play forgotten memories in roblox
BIRD UP
the game is a nothing burger with a side of fried air
As bad as Garten of BanBan is, for some reason I have this weird optimism that the original game was made just to garner attention and the second game might be this masterful work of art that comments on the state of indie horror and how content creators no longer attempt to celebrate the good games and only celebrate what is popular
..... I liked garten of banban.... :(((((
So this must be how the creators of Morbius felt when they lost more money the second time Morbius hit the theatres.
Game Theory: Opila Bird-Upped Your Mom?!
#bird up
bird up
the waffle house has found its new host
May puppet on a stick Uhyeah dog rest in peace
NEW UHYEAG DESIGN!!!! Yay! :D
Everytime I hear 'Bird Up!' I only think of Terminal Montage, don't spoil it for me...
a fellow portalmaster
saying tricked makes it sound intentional. the creators absolutely lucked into all of this
banban looks like something you'd make in dreams for the ps4. you know the game tool
11:03 peak music intensifies
oh yeah I forgot you were realistic
your new avatar poses got me going like 🙃 me to the artist who drew them 🙏🙏🔥🔥
Here come the people that for some reason defends this game
YO MY GUY PLAYS SKYLANDERS HYPE!
Garten of banban looks Like a roblox game
Bird up
i think the reason why the other "mascot" horror works is because the "monster" dont have immediate creepy design, i mean FNAF look creepy but so do real life animatronics, poppy play time, huggy looks like a genuine toy same with the string wingy karen of the 2nd game. ban ban tho, they look purposly creepy which makes it hard to take seriously and why i think so many people latched on to the satire theory
Fun fact: I saw a comment on YouTube saying that Garten of BanBan was being developed before Poppy Playtime was being developed, because only 1 person worked on it, and not 20 people. But still, Scott Cawthon alone made a better game than this Poppy Playtime lookin' Jumbo Josh or Opila birb or whatever FNaF ripoff. Ok. If it's not a Poppy Playtime ripoff then it's a FNaF ripoff, the birb literally has handprints on him, exactly like Freddy.
This video was spitting facts.
#birdup
I would ironically buy opila bird merch that bird is the funniest shit I've ever seen
My sister, thought it was an rip off of uglydolls
I love Bird
Hey, person who made the bird up edit at 10:18 here, that tweet is one of my most popular tweets and it is literally haunting me. I can't escape bird up
the funny thing about Markiplier's video is that, if you watch it, it's only so long because he spends most of the game just...lost and confused. like, he spends so long looking for the batteries and the eggs, uncut. it's still entertaining cause it's Markiplier, but maybe 70% of the video is just general confusion.
I believe garten is a German word for garden Like in kinter garten
garten of banban's just a cringy parody variant of Poppy Playtime, hate me all you want, it's true.
IT'S THAT TRUTH
Yo, great video. Also, love the fact that halfway through the video, I realized that the music you had in the background was the instrumental for the Ourple Guy Mod.
Bird Up
The one credit I will give this game is Opila’s kinda stalking/staring right before the “big chase” is quite funny and has a good amount of charm put into it with the way she doesn’t walk right over to you and kinda stumbles around, testing the waters and seeing what you’ll do.
BrID Up
What sets Poppy apart from the cash grabs like Banban is that, after their pretty demo-like chapter 1, they seem to be putting effort into making something worthwhile as we can see with their attempt to make a L4D/DBD style multiplayer game and be relatively successful at it (being that it’s their first multiplayer game). And even though both Banban and Poppy have basic Chapter 1s, Poppy still had quite high quality visuals compared to Banban and still had more than 3 minutes of gameplay. I’ve seen people call Poppy “The problem with indie horror” when they should be saying that about Banban
Is nobody gonna talk about his new sprites???? They look so good!!
0:18 skylanders jumpscare
aint no way theres undertale halloween hack stuff being used as the background music
What a ripoff
YOU STARTED THIS  God what a magical time it is to be alive. I'm gonna drum up a team of 3D coders and a composer to create a game that's just PNGs of blobs made in paint that floating towards the player if this is what folks will eat up nowadays.
bros snuck in two ourple guy songs
1:02 JUMBO JOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOSSH! BEGIN!
Yo, I'm in there at 10:25, cool, anyway, this game is crap
ITS UR FAULT, U DEMON 😔😔😔
Oh God bird up has spread to more communities, I already fear for yall as a monster hunter player
*TF2 Sniper laughing in the distance
This is your fault
Atleast this game didn't sell nfts
This game is such a cash grab its not even funny. The merch is overpriced and basic as fuck, but damn that bird is so goofy looking
If Ban Ban 2 is gonna cost money, I feel the creators are gonna make it confusing as hell and impossible to beat in under 2 hours so you can't get a refund. That is, if it's on Steam.
So you are the reason that piece of shit game got so popular huh? Haha love your work
I rate this video a uni/10. Amazing coverage on the hit game BirdUp!!! 🔥🔥
I think it has potential, but if you copy something that has potential, it will have potential.
0:56 IT'S MR. BEAAAAAAAAST
LOL GOT ROASTED
I could have sworn this game was mentioned in videos about Theft King drama. Like TK had done a video about a past contributor to the people behind Poppy being accused of stealing ideas from the guy's game.  I'm probably wrong but I could have sworn the green guy looked familiar along with the title having a something that started with "g"
I swear this game is the funniest cashgrab I’ve ever seen and it’s beautiful
If he is serious about the Garten thing Garten is German for garden
that was goddamn skylanders, you playing skylanders man
Markiplier played it a few days ago lol
Opila bird and terminal montages bird up look strikingly similar could be why you thought of it first
UP BIRD!
Yknow this game was only made by 2 people right?
tbh, i really liked garten of banban. the art style is interesting and i liked the concept of the drone to press buttons for you. the way the characters [at least, the two that we've seen] are modeled is so creepy, and reminds me of those weird concrete mascot statues? makes me think of that old flintstones theme park, bedrock city, and how uncanny all of the structures look lol. all in all, regardless of whether its a bs cash-grab or not, why does it matter if there are people who enjoy it? at least they arent making nfts like the poppy playtime devs... idk. just my thoughts hehe
It's honestly kinda sad to see the Indie Horror genre in this state. My love for it was based on the fan favourites (fnaf, batim, little nightmares, ect), but now that so many indie horror games are becoming more of a cash-grab to grab, it's just giving the genre a bad reputation that I feel it doesn't deserve. I might just be sticking to the "it's-new-so-it's-bad" mentality, but I'm really starting to build a distain for these newer indie horror games. All that put aside, the whole situation surrounding this game is rather funny and I did get a few laughs out of it.
that green thing looks like the beasts from the Treat for Beasts channel
i think its a rainbow friends parody, or a way to be popular, just to actually do the hard job after chapter 2
I heard shovel knight treasure trove music!
Bro uh yeah’s art got an RTX upgrade
why... why do you feel more like a furry now with the new sprites, and why do I find him looking like a  animal crosisng cat
garten is the german word of garden
DAMN IT. YOU GOT ME WITH THAT BIRD UP. I WAS EXPECTING THAT TO GO NOWHERE!
no way skylanders clip in an uhyeah video? where can i subscribe 2 times?
It feels like a big chunk of indie horror content that gets popular like this is just absolute fucking garbage or a pretty solid FNAF fan game. I just want actually good horror content to get popular, whyyyy
Uhyeah: This game has no soul and only tries to take advantage of Playtime's success. It will die pretty soon. Also Uhyeah: Accidentaly makes it popular with a tweet and a meme.
Could u try Meatlys Storage World? :D
I like ur new character design 👍
Their like the 5-minute-crafts but do it safely and acknowledge it.
You watch fusions z gamers channel to
Well... Today I learn that Bird up is not from Something about Kirby animated... And that Rainbow Friends wasn't just a weird monster that rippoff ads use....
doors video soon?
Garten is a real word. But in German. Not English. It means garden.  And yes. Kindergarten literally means. Child garden. Youre welcome
I honestly thought it was a roblox game when I first saw it
uhhh #BirdUp
The fact that this took off scares me into thinking that the indie horror genre has become stagnated and cookie cutter especially from a youtube side. Imagine making a game that tackles deeper types of fear instead of avoid big man and find the secrets for lore.
So it’s all your fault😀
I find it so funny that the devs literally don't know how to UV unwrap or rig models. Both of these are done via blenders default rigging and texturing options. Literal negative effort was put into this game lol
I don't know if uhyeah has covered this yet but the fnaw series is definitely something I would love to see a full reviewing of and a small summary of the story and the unique game mechanics that it brought to the fnaf fan game community.
why is this dude giving so much hate to the game?
Game makers button mashing to create a visually awful horror game for the funny youtubers to play
uni!!
did you go to the gym
I still have ptsd from bird up from terminalmontage
Yes, yes funny game has a funny bird, but what in GOD'S RIPE GREEN EARTH is rainbow friends?
I think they mean Garten like the German word. In translation that means Garden. I want to let you know.
Honestly im so out of the loop  I thought this and rainbow friends was the same thing
I was half listening to this video because my son was watching it on his tablet and I keep an eye out for inappropriate videos.  Cue the part of the video where you say "the people that watch my videos are older than 4 years old!"  I then hear my son exclaim, "Yeah! I'm SIX!"  🤣
Why is the whole internet collectively giving a shit about a mediocre fan game? I don't remember this happening with all the shitty FNAF spin offs
Honestly, I'm working with some people I know to make a parody game. Legit we are making a project just to show the state of Mascot Horror Games and how easy it is to exploit. We are gonna make it as shit as possible and get it published on steam just for funsies. Wish us luck lol
This game literally feels like the Goncharov of video games. Some shit the indie horror community collectively made up as a joke and is all elaborately pretending is real. I wish,,
AstralSpiff “definitely” didn’t play Garten of BanBan and you have no VOD to prove it!!!
I see you’re using the new art from that one post! Pretty sick
I'mma need to find these memes now
Goobus boobus 💀💀💀💀💀💀💀
I’m a big poppy playtime fan
It’s all your fault
I honestly thought this was another Roblox-made kiddie horror for the longest time.
he’s is truly a furry now
bro cant believe uhyeah coppied the Bird up drip smh, everyone going pink now cause of this game i see.  very drippy tho fr
garten is german and translate to garden
Is he a furry
Its a garbage game and i dont know why so many people are playing it But yeah the creators of this game are geniuses not on creativity but on manipulation of social media
Furry
Someone should make a game similar in style to this and make it seem like some cash grab and promote a second game and everything and have merch, but have the merch site and wishlist page for the second game have an ARG and when the second game releases it's a genuinely good horror game. Or something idk it sounds like a good idea
Garten of BanBan is basically a psyop at this point
I find it hilarious and concerning that every video calls it “THE NEXT POPPY PLAYTIME”
Day 3 of asking for UhYeah to make a vid on Dormitabis
i feel like markiplier might be a big reason for low-quality horror games gaining so much traction. i love mark's videos but he seems to give everything horror-related he plays a stamp of "really good and scary", causing other people to just echo his opinion since hes the fnaf guy and knows good horror games. although he might just not like to share his genuine opinion most of the time unless he feels strong about it like poppy playtime's chase scenes.
remember when people complained about FNaF 3 not being scary and in turn being a bad game?  i hope they're all happy
I like rainbow friends and poppy playtime but come on… What is this?
Every YouTuber I see who reviews this game pronounces BanBan as "BanBan" meanwhile I pronounce it as "BonBon"
based skylanders gamer
The memes surrounding this game are so unfunny and forced
You should review the Hello puppets duology
They figured out the indie game meta .
I literally screamed when I heard *BIRD UP*
Bird up
The fact that this video is the length of the average play through lol
BIRD UP
I hope this sheds light on how poppy playtime actually spent so much time on their malicious world building and cool looking environments,  because this shit is what people day poppy is. I can't defend both of them having that stupid title store page thing. I also can't deny that the stupid bird thing is the funniest shit I've ever seen.
I found out about this from Superhorrorbro's story explained
Fun Fact: There was actually a transition between The Eric Andre section and the GoBB Bird Up meme. TerminalMontages Something About Monster Hunter videos had a certain bird that sometimes came in and had the funny Bird Up jingle. Not really important to the story here. But its a fun fact. And thats what matters.
so that's what bird up is from! i only ever knew it from terminalmontage lol
SKYLANDERS SPOTTED!!!!
bird up
I haven’t watched Uhyeah’s videos before, only seeing the pfp, but dang was I surprised when he was a massive purple dog wearing a fashionable suit who blushes more purple
The Waffle House found it’s new host
The bird gave me chills. The way it didn't immediately charge but seemed to observe the player with a sort of predatory curiosity was genuinely scary.
So basically, bird is the word?
1:06 wait FNF midnight inst? 11:09 And Golden?1
E
To be honest i liked the older simpler design more than the new one
BIRD UP
garten is a real word in german, and it’s garden hajaj
I saw this game from 8-Bitryans video and I was extremely confused when the whole ass game was so short and are now making a full new game
0:39 and fusionzgamer went insane over a cuphead fnf mod but we'll gloss over that
Now,It's time to... BIRD UP!
Lets be honest, noone knows bird up for adult swim. We know it for terminal montage
Who else knows bird up from TerminalMontage
Hey I guess this makes you an official influencer
I love the undertale Halloween hack music in the video
Bird up
unrelated, but whoever chose to use Ourple Guy instrumentals as the background music for this video has my respect.
How is this video real it feels like a mass gaslight
Markiplier seemed to enjoy this game, so I am obligated to like it
Oh wow  I feel like a Clown taking Garte- No i do not feel I AM A CLOWN FOR TAKING GARTEN OF BANBAN SERIOUSLY🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡
One often Meets his fate on a way to change it   -Oogway
I noticed this game on steam before anyone on YouTube played it and I immediately knew it was going to blow up. I also immediately knew it was low effort crap, taking "inspiration" from poppy playtime and that one really bad "horror" game with the characters who are literally a single color. As soon as I saw it I knew it was a cash grab and I knew it was going to work. I shouldn't have been able to accurately predict that low effort garbage would blow up like this
you made a simple word into a copypasta shitpost feista
#birdup
Both you and Fusionzgamer are very good youtubers
FusionZgamer is literally the soul survivor of the og FNAF community
Alright, so how much to y'all wanna bet that's when Chapter 2 releases they're gonna make it more jokey and comedic, and then say it was satire the whole time, just because that would get it more attention?
Yay, another bad horror game. So original!!!  Though seriously, good video and yeah this looks like a Roblox game.
🤣🤣🤣 - You were the one who caused the trend!!! That is basically the video!!! LMAO
YOU??? YOU WERE THE ONE WHO STARTED THE BIRD UP MEME???? god dammit
IS THAT PEWDIPIE LEGEND OF THE BROFIST MUSIC?!?!?!? OH HELL YEAH
the only reason i believe this game is ironic is because of something another YouTuber mentioned in their video, which was that they had made another horror game that seemed ironic but the Tuber didn't want to pay for the game and find out lol
1:57 „Garten“ is just the German word for garden and the word „Kindergarten“ also originates from Germany and is just the word „Garten“ put together with the word „Kinder“ which means children.
bird up
Hopefully the second is better:/
Bird up
It feels so wrong to see the PNG ACTUALLY MOVING
While this game so very clearly is either a poorly done fan game, definitely a cash grab given the fact merch is already a thing, or just flat out making fun of where this genre of horror is going: The bird just before the chase was done fairly well. Shitty jumpscare, not even scary looking. I think the bird looks a little bit unnerving, but I genuinely think that the fact the bird just watching you before attacking you is something pretty interesting to me. I don't think this game is actually gonna go anywhere, but the basic concept is definitely good. Sure the 'people disappeared and the mascots are to blame' premise is super common, but clearly one that people like.
i really hate Banban but oh lord the bird is incredible, he's looks so funny, like he seen things he shouldnt and now his life is not the same anymore and he lives with free of the past, the present and the future
#BirdUp mass gaslighting event
Bold of you too assume I'm not 2 years old
aw the thumbnail isn't 'it's that *bird*'
How do you put the line "Your pancreas is mine" and have it not be satire?
The plague left by that bird on my Twitter timeline will be how I remember the new year. Whether that's a good or bad thing is up to interpretation
# bird up
My biggest concern is that this "Game" will takeover youtube because of clear Poppy inspiration and a lot of actually geniuenly good indie horror games will be overshadowed by it not because they are bad, but because they were released at similar time as Garten of Ban Ban
It's just lazy. I'm not a fan of poppy playtime but at least they had something interesting and had some thought and care put into it
We have a high quality game like fnaf, and then we have this joke of a game, I love evolution
"It's just a little squid game in here!" -Markiplier.
0:42 i need link to the original video
the game is entertaining in a "so bad it's good" kind of way
uhh
Jesus christ, uhyeah's funny little dog sprite has gotten so much betterly drawn.
IS THAT SATIRICAL???!!!
this game exploding in popularity due to a fucking Eric Andre meme is truly a "Task failed successfully" moment.
Shits an absolute nothing burger of a unity project. Also, I love the new sprites, they're absolutely adorable.
"Theres no way matpat can make a garden of banana video" Half life 2 NPC voice: Oh dont worry, *he'll find a reason*
I like his new png
so you're the fucker who started bird up. Funniest shit I've ever seen.
it really seems like this was made by someone who looked at Poppy’s Playtime and decided to see how little effort they could put into a “horror game” and still get big on youtube
IT’S THAT BIRD
dude im tired of hearing people say the bird was so well-executed, it really fucking isnt at all these are just basic horror tropes for creatures
the only reason I had any interest in this game is the stupid bird. That's it. Because it became a meme. Not because of the game itself.
BIRD UP
Don't forget how some people turned the bird into a 2nd Homophobic Dog meme
Hi
The bird gave me chills.The way it didn't immediatly charge but seemed to observe the player with a sort of predatory curiousity was genuinenly scary.
Garden of Banban?  More like Garden of Bird Up
Until the creators say it's a joke, I genuinely believe this is a terrible attempt at indie horror. The merch and sequel make it seem serious and the game doesn't seem self aware enough. The Meatly's storage world is a parody game that makes sure it's CLEAR it's a parody. Garten of banban barely has any hints it's a parody so imma continue saying it's an unoriginal terrible cash grab horror game until further notice.
Banban sucks but the bird is horrifying, it still creeps me out so much
i just love opila bird so fucking much it looks so goofy and i loose it every time i look at this veiny dick shaped creature
11:00 THANK YOU!  I stated this before on Daggz' video, but I highly doubt that this game was made to be a "satirical take" on the state that is indie horror.  I mean, if this game really was supposed to be made in satire, then why do they have a merch button to a game that wasn't even a week old when it first came out?
Garbage of Badgame
Bird up
The game of the meatly was made in 1 day as a "JOKE". Guess what ? I had much more fun playing it ,it had passion behind it !(i dont know how to say it lol)  Garten of banban is almost LIFELESS!
i swear 80% of the times i see a bird as an enemy in any game i say "bird up"
I feel like the "Ohhh its just a really big and deep parody of the genre!" is a huuuge copout for these guys. People perpetuating that just gives them more ammo to basically go "Haha yeah no this was just a joke!!! this isn't seeerrrioouuusss its satire!!!"  Its like some dude going "Haha send me nudes" and when he gets denied he goes "I was just joking!!!"
#BirdUp!
Aha! Knew it
6:26 Dawko we can see your pain. Don't try to hide it brother.
YEEEES ORANGE GUY FNF SOBG INSTRUMENTAL YEEEES
Separate bird from game we keep bird ban ban can go me likey bird
Honestly I think ironic playthrus and Twitter negative promo sent this through the algorithm. It's so dumb that negative feedback can push a game. Matpat played it because of the people saying don't play it!
opila bird my beloved
Let's fucking go FuzionZgamer got mentioned
I clicked on a notification excited to see a new video and then as soon as you're at new Avatar showed up I'm just like "oh I forgot he was a furry now" No shade of course got to get used to it
It's birdin time Another sh.t, another uninspired game, another waste of time I'm surprised why even people bother about it
The fact that a 5-10 minute game (that is nothing more than a shameless cash-in on the success of Poppy Playtime) is getting so much attention online, astounds me.  There are some pretty good Indie Horror Games out there that are rarely getting the attention they deserve.
claim your trophy of "here 1 hour before the launch of this video" right here:
The bird gave me chills. The way it didn't immediately charge but seemed to observe the player with a sort of predatory curiosity was genuinely scary.
Garten of banban is is a broken but charming MESS in my opinion but yeah, I see your points. Love the new avatar btw 😊
https://youtu.be/c2b06aokoqU
this is buck wild
yoo new discord server
We lost guys. Horror is dead.
your so cuddly and cute I want to hug you😊
I mean honestly it’s crazy what games do now and days
garten of banban full lore (no conspiracy)      the bird is freddy fazbear
I’ve been watching you for a week and just realized I wasnt subbed
Helloooo
bird up
That Bird lives in my head rent free
On the YouTube side - I think the most surprising thing to me is the number of creators who leveraged the name "Poppy Playtime" in Banban video titles to drive clicks, meanwhile a few years back MatPat got dragged for doing it with Undertale's name. A complete 180, regardless of how one feels about Banban's quality.
Just about everybody saw through Garten of Banban's facade. It was so poorly put together that everyone could tell that it was just made to make money, and for no other reason.
Uhyeah: Garten isn't a fing word Me: *sad german noices*
Thank God, someone who also knows this was a real attempt at horror. It felt like I was being gaslit into thinking it was a satire game from the start
It would be nice if you gave review of Animators Hell fnaf fan game.
death masage does not mean anything
The Waffle House has found its new host... Its time to bird up!  But not today.
I feel like Mat's video about it is gonna be figuring out if it's a meta joke or not.
OMG OMG OMGGGGGGG NEW UHYEAH SPRITE!?!?11?!?!
Garten of banban is trash
i remember being part of a stream where this game was played.. i got SUPER high because the stream was titled "horror game for babies" and i was like you know what i will become a baby. and i got so invested in the story which was so short :( i also absolutely ADORED the drone. i know the mechanic sucks but he go bonk :)
the bird is kinda goofy, i like it
I like how when I first saw this game I thought "WOW THIS SUCKS ASS!" but YouTubers were basically praising it! And then tomorrow like 3 videos came out saying it sucks!
Did you cause this?!
#BIRDUP!
*inhale* FNAF has a very complex lore, but its still fun by itself on the surface, even if the lore is crazy stupid. Bendy did the BIGGEST improvement in its sequel it could ever do, especially in its lore, basically saying: "hey guys so we realized that the lore of our previous game got REALLY confusing at the end, so to save your sanities, here is the answer". Poppy playtime actually tries to be a bit scary, even if it sometimes seems to be a cash grab. Hello neighbor is something that STARTED good, but then slowly started to get money hungry towards its release. Rainbow friends is an okay (this might be an understatement) roblox game, but its basically a cash grab. Doors shouldn't even be a roblox its so good, and Garten of Ban Ban is just a hot steaming pile of dog shit with no other reasons for its existence than to profit off of mascot horror.
Man I did not remember the meme bird up. I have never had a Twitter account so I never saw this. Very fun to see one of the old memes of the past. Good times
👁️👁️
FusionZGamer is my childhood, which is fucking weird to say.
HE BOUGHT THE BEANIE LMAOOOOOOOOOOOO
Nice cat
I did not watch but I think is good :)
It's that bird
i love this mischievous bird
Hey we have something original. Haha drone.
dude this game really sucks, i’m sooooo tired of it. cringe.
You are telling me you are the one who brought Garten of Banban to us?
Do you plan on bringing back the shorts? Your most popular one got 7 million views
There's no way I have déjà vu about this video.
damn you know what rainbow amigos is
"Garten" is German For "Garden" ya Dip. "Kinder" is German For "Children"
FusionZGamer is a goat
Already Jesus your a Chad for doing this
I heard about this game from hopping into a Phisnom stream and him playing this game drunk
I just hope that Garten of Banban is joke and the uforic brothers are trolling us all
uhno
Hey uhyea, would you ever consider looking at Oxynfree? It’s a horror game that doesn’t get much attention. It’s not a traditional mascot horror game, it’s more story based. It is terrifying to me without any real jumpscares.
farten of blahblah
#BirdUp
Bird up
Bird up
You being the very reason this game started trending is the funniest thing to me.
I'm genuinely gonna play this game in a vc now
I still refuse to believe this wasn't satire.
I spent like half an hour and couldn't get past the egg finding thing
Man I love your personality especially when you get angry it's so funny
That bird is just peak character design
nice
I respect the ourple guy music
Bird Up chain 👇
🐦
The music at the beginning of the video. It's from Shovel Knight, no? What song is it I can't recall exactly where.
As silly as the whole thing is, credit where credit is due; the bird not running straight for the player at first was pretty good, and if it didnt have the funniest character design in any horror game ever made, it would have been genuinely creepy.
i'd snuggle the shit out of ur fursona
I feel like Gartan of banban will hopefully die out shortly, I mean it’s only the first indie horror game of 2023 surely is the actual next big thing will come out and over shadow this I mean come on, last year we were starting to get good in the horror games like Baldi’s basics, classic remaster, Bendy and the dark revival, choo-choo, Charles don’t tell me we’re gonna get a crap game
THE FUCKING R AT THE END OF THE VIDEO LMAOOO
uhyeah just doesnt understand peak
Yo brother that wasent spyro dat was skylanders i remember dat level from the first game. Those games were my entire childhood
"They made this game unironically" Yeah, and Meatly's storage unit game was the prequel to Bendy and the Ink Machine.
pilla birb
FNAF and it’s consequences have been a disaster for the indie horror game scene
I liked when banban said it's banban time and banbaned all over the place
Also Garten means Garden in German
Brother somehow made something popular cause someone leaked bird up
BIRDUP!
It's actually fuckin' hilarious how many people take garten seriously when it's very obviously a joke game
I feel stupid for being deceived. Truly the most elaborate possibly unintentional, possibly intentional prank
This is a certified Bird up! moment
Ayo what? H M M
Imagine getting a game over, and the G.O. screen being just a letter L
Why is your outro fnaf
gaslight gatekeep garten
Im german and garten is the german word for garden
The whole meta surrounding Ban Ban is incredible. I’m excited to see how this plays out.
Is it just me, or does Jumbo Josh look like a green M&M left out in the Sun for too long ?
it's that truthful
Bird up
*BIRD UP*
its the guy daggz mentioned once!
THIS HAS ONLY BEEN UP FOR 10 MINUTES AND I'M HERE!!!!
Pls can u switch back to the old model
my ten year old brother makes better designed characters then those people
Big Bird
Even burping man is scarier than this GaRtEn Of BaNbAn
Cheese
We've hit rock bottom..
it's THAT bird
The things I instantly noticed are are that: -It has a funny visual/line (the thing with the pancreas or whatever) for YouTuber reactions -The bird for YouTuber reactions and thumbnails -The end of the first (chapter? level?) is roughly the perfect length for a gameplay video  It's literally tailor made for YouTuber reaction videos, and it worked
Meatly, the creator of Bendy, has literally made a parody game of Garten of Banban to show how bad the situation of indie horror games is.
gah
That new art style looks fantastic, who's doing the drawing?
Dog
FusionZGamer is a guilty pleasure of mine, I started watching him ironically but over time I watched him regularly because he's funny and somewhat relatable. Clips like the one you put in the video are peak Fusion and the reason I started watching him, glad to see a shoutout for the goat.
I love your videos thank you you are better than most and actually put effort into your videos
The bird gave me chills. The way it didn't immediately charge but seemed to observe the player with a sort of predatory curiosity was genuinely scary.
Bird up
Garten of Garten
Uhyeah, providing us with quality content, every time he is needed on the Indie Horror Battlefield (and now nightmare, since Garten of BanBan released), god bless him  Also I'm not a furry but uhyeah's sona is hot af, coupled with his voice
I thought poppy playtime was bad but this ...  This is way worse than that and that was literally a glorified tech demo
You can't just say it's a joke as a catch all for it's low quality
I honestly think this is just comedy horror.
The waffle house has found its new host
37th
I know this isn't the first video with them but god, I love the new art for your character, he looks so cute and expressive!
Hey, you guys are watching Bird Up! The worst game on Steam.
Honestly, looks like a rainbow friends ripoff
i love when the funny bird birded all over the place, what a joker
twix candy bar
"slacking off playing Spyro" (shows a gif of the best videogame known to mankind, Skylanders Spyro's adventure Wii U port)
IVE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS FOR SO LONG YES
I LOVE UHYEAH
AND THE KING OF LEAN IS BACK! Love your content man!
yeah
I’m not really interested of this game
Always early man. love Aya videos! Was excited for you to review this! Have a good day man!
*very creative comment about the fact that I'm early into the video*
I love that stupid bird, oh my god.
How do you get bored by Spyro
Uhyeah of 87
Omg it's THE uhyeah uploading faster than once a month!
Hi hallo
Bruh BIRD UP!
Wtf is this game
Hi
New vid :D
CHEESE
W
First Edit: YES
