Learn more here: https://www.ea.com/games/starwars/squadrons/news/pilot-briefing-opening-night-live-recap
man this was so disappointing. Campaign was more like a tutorial wasted potential of a game.
we want battlefront 3
Can EA rethink the idea of ​​creating a multiplayer platform that takes place in the world of SQUADRONS and in the world of Star Wars in general, but gives the freedom of fighter duels like in "War Of Airplanes" or "Warthunder" ???  Then you will be able to fly on a large number of combat machines of both sides, and it will be nice when large warships and medium ones come into action, because it would be possible to shoot from their battle stations.  And of course, one of the theaters of war has to be the battle between the Coruscant skyscrapers.  ...  ==================================== POLISH BALOW ===================================  Czy EA może przemyśleć pomysł stworzenia platformy do grania w multiplayerze, która będzie działa się w świecie SQUADRONS i ogólnie w świecie Star wars, ale dając swobodę pojedynków myśliwskich jak w "War Of Aeroplanes", lub "Warthunder" ???  Wtedy będzie można polatać na dużej liczbie maszyn bojowych obu stron, oraz fajnie będzie, gdy do akcji wejdą duże okręty wojenne i te średnie, bo było by można postrzelać z ich stanowisk bojowych.  No i oczywiście jednym z teatrów działań wojennych musi być bitwa pomiędzy vieżowcami Coruscant.  ...
Star Wars Squadrons is a underrated gem, really fun game 👏👏👏
shit game ewer mouse controls zero
Good intro but then the producer started talking like wtf we see all that in the video, no need to explain
can we move on from this one 10 year period in the timeline. Its so over played now. Movies covered it, Battlefront 2 covered it, and mando is covering it. All these conflicts in the games start on one planet and end on the same one. This more of a star battle instead of a star war. Its like there is so much story that does not need to be told because we know how it all ends in the time line. Its like star wars is being developed like a long division math problem. Instead of moving on from this story. Its like imagine getting a Jurassic park prequal when in the original they fill you in on the who what when and why. Now star wars is who and when leaving out; what and why. George lucas is like do i have to hold everyones hand to move past this over told era of in between movies that takes away from the story adding way to much in the middle for me to stick around to see then end. Star wars is becoming fast food now. New characters who were not scene in battles are now in those battles. This has got to stop. Giving hera the back story of her being a resistance fighter on endor never seeing a twilak on the rebellion side then to stuff her into the story like a suitcase that is over filled to the point were you have to sit on it to close it. Thats star wars now once a organized suitcase now is a overfilled suitcase that is more of a burden to handle.
Yes yI opi
May the Force be with you all!
At first I was like “U wing? Really? In combat?” But the more I look at it the more I want to play it
Super Woke. So now on sale for 39p
What's the Star Wars thing anyway?  Never heard of it.
Will this be  a mobile game
The empire will live on. The rebels need to die.
@/battlefront3
thes is o som
cosh
Best part of this game no defections
Why such shitty detail for a 2020 game, and it also being star wars. which has been done before. looks, sound and feel play a whole lot in making it worth buying.
Hooraay for everyone Not a white male human!!!! I've never seen a game try so hard to alienate it's core demographic. 85-90% of Star Wars, Sci Fi, and Comic fans are white males, and in this game there are ZERO amongst the main characters. Not one. Theyre all POC's and females. What a Woke dumpster fire of a game.
What will this be playable on?
*hears the TIE fighter music* Here they come!!  (Yes, that's the actual name of that music sequence.)
Can you guys please work on a battlefront 3😅
Really ? Graphics worst than battrlefront2 :D Wo try launch that ugly simulator? :D  Ill keep my BF2 :D
EA can we plz have a game where you choose if you want to be a Jedi or a Sith, or maybe a bounty hunter, And make it an open world game where you can choose to do whatever you want if you want to go do a bounty for someone and turn them in for credits, I would love to see a game like this, it’ll all I’ve been wanting for a long time.
I have a question? I did a recording of me play SWS and tried to upload it on my channel but it stopped me because I don't have rights to the songs in the game? What can I do to be able to play, review, and give game play feed back in any of the modes? thank you for your help.
11:42 AM 10/17/2020  Its actually pretty cool game for VR.  If Star Wars Battlefront 3 is nothing but first person and no 3rd person and flying Tie Fighters and X Wings are the same setup like in this game I might give it a try just for flying part.
Do you have to play as a girl?
as real as it gets :)
The story is a joke it’s nice to see real antilies hara and slone but that it has it got for it
The worst Star Wars story of all-time or the greatest VR game of all-time? Find out as The Crack Cellar Reviews, "Star Wars: Squadrons". https://youtu.be/hHSLRUHynQw?t=2876
"It's not over yet, not for me!"
Add porkins ghost
Another lame 'if it moves, shoot it' game.  SNORE!
Its okay as far as a flight sim goes, however, in vr on ps4 it's supper twitchy. The graphics in the hanger and AIs walking around is shotty at best. I feel like alot of major companies are feeling bad for bashing so many EA games that they are letting alot of things slide on this one. To be unbiased, the story is pretty good and the graphics are, meh. As far as a star wars fan is concerned there is some major details missing. Ex. The star destroyers have no bridge, the fighters all have blacked out cockpits and blurred lines with no real detail except in cutscenes, and even the holo vids being distorted beyond recognition during briefings is cringeworthy. In multi-player the battles can get really epic but there is so much room to move that I found myself miles from any action alot of times. It would not be hard to get some more AIs to fill the battle, making finding an actual oppent all the more intense. That being said after 10 hours even the pvp battles became monotonous, and ships all started to look alike. I would say let them do some patching to upgrade some things before buying this at the moment. If only to get a few more details in. All in all its an okay game though. Would have liked to have some famous battles thrown in there.
i thought the correlian corvette was renamed to rebel cruiser/blockaderunner , good to see the name corvette still stuck
How great und would have been if Disney would have chosen to make their new trilogy about this conflict instead of basically copy pasting Episodes 3-6 with prettier CGIs and and ridiculous new enemy which always seems to have even bigger ships but even less competent personnel .
Sadly the game is a massive disappointment. Probably the worst Star Wars game I have played in a long while
Never again with your games, I thrusted and pre-order this lie and not even RUN!!!
I would like this graphic to show up in flight (MS-DOS X-WING)
Please give us loadout slots in Star Wars battlefront 2 we would love it and it would be easy to code and it would be a nice present before you leave the game to rot forever.
Please give us loadout slots in Star Wars battlefront 2 we would love it and it would be easy to code and it would be a nice present before you leave the game to rot forever.
Finally the remnants of the empire story not the crap Disney new order.
0:23, Im pretty sure it was darth vader yeeting him down a hole then the pilot fodder that did that. Of course they dont know that.
You play as one of two pilots. Diverse female Imperial Pilot, or Diverse Male Rebel Pilot, each commanded by what looks to be either another diverse female commander or another diverse male character. Brought to you by the games narrative producer, a diverse female. Bet there won’t be any straight white males in this game, unless the story demands it because they were in the movies, and if they are they will be a) evil or b) incompetent or c) both. Can’t have anybody from the franchises main fan base as a playable character.
"Narrative producer" sounds so wrong nowadays. Like someone Beria and Göbbels would have been proud of
Is is possible someone had brains to remake TIE Fighter and X wing? Maybe without idiotic current day politics? Now this has potential.
A tie fighter cant go lightspeed lmfao. Disney doesnt know its own properties
All I had to hear was Hosnian Prime and I was like nope. Between EA's previous track record with the franchise (good effort with Fallen order but too little too late) and Disney's lack of planning or foresight with the franchise I am not impressed in the slightest. I bet it's a weak ass single player campaign, an after thought to please the simps
the game is the last crap
2:51 is that the twi lek from Rebels? Hera was her name I think.
why is everyone putting a dialog in their comments like some idiots ? dont understand.
What choose you the  Empire Or New Republic!
Leia's being awfully black-and-white there. Almost as if we're getting just one side of the story, me thinks...
anyone thats has played this said it amazing im sold on it but worried about hacker ruining it
N
After the last 3 Skywalker movies, and the rebel "wokeness" *gag*... I can't wait to go empire and destroy them
Äääh not again a multiplayer title with a only a short single player campaign
Do barrell roll!! (Z or R twice)
Please, remove colored people for russian location. Thanks!
I've never been so looking forward to a game as much as this game .   Anyone who has played the VR on battlefront 1 will know how amazing it is 😇 flying next to a star destroyer is a thing of beauty its absolutely enormous 🤯
Hey guys, we have a military similator squadrons server on discord, join the imperial navy today https://discord.gg/WMkHnq
The Force is Female...still.
what about the empire propaganda?
Please tell me I get to pilot Slave I!
Oh god it looks rubbish
Can I be overexcited for this game even do: I do not like Star wars? I'm not a massive gamer?
FOR THE EMPIRE!!!
im a veteran of x-wing and tie fighter old game from lucas art......i just hope they making this game same  realistic as the predecessor.......since both game its so realistic they just dont have a glamour for graphic at that time.....many veteran x-wing and tie fighter will feel it to....
It's interesting to see that other Squadrons had personal rivalries, similar to Alphabet and Shadow Wing
Destruction.. i choose destruction please with a piece of Alderaan on top
Last music was impressive
graphics looks terrible
D: ¿por qué parecía de play uno las naves..?
Yussss Sloane
Yussss Sloane
GRAND ADMIRAL RAE SLOANE !!!!
Rival squadrons hear we go again Mobius and yellow squadron or sole and strider squadron
Omg, Rogue Squadron is in. Does that mean Wraith squadron will be too?  Yub Yub, commander.
2:45 My man sounds like Jon snow
Funny how a PRODUCER from EA is pretty much directly asking people to spend their money on this to ensure EA makes a profit.
"WOULD YOU LIKE TO KNOW MORE?"
2:51 was that Hera Syndulla?
*Republic corvettes inbound* Gladius: Hyperspace? nah, let's just watch the Ties deal with it *all enemys defeated* Gladius: GO INTO HYPERSPACE, NOW!
LONG LIVE THE EMPIRE!
It took me until this very video to realize I am Star Wars-d out. Just kind of fatigued with the whole universe and same characters and same stories over and over.
God the flight model looks like fucking trash. It is supposed to be a Star Wars game, right? Not Battlestar Galactica? Not The Expanse? Don't get me wrong the drifting stuff is more realistic, but it means you've just put a Star Wars coat of paint on a game that is mechanically not Star Wars.
No B-wings. :(
That updated version of the Tie Fighter Attack theme sounded pretty awesome
The first time that I saw the star wars Resistance trailer I tought that the series will be something like this
Do we know if the hotas 4 will work with this game?  I do hope so.
buuuuuuuuu for the rebellion
Where's Cal?? I'm gonna pass on this baked turkey
Really?? You show Leia and use Ceri Junda's voice?? I'll pass... Hosnian Prime?? That schlock planet from Claudia's prequel book to the Farce Awakens??
Wasn't sure until now if this was a third person or first person game... it's VR AND  First person... I was hoping for a third person option.
Is every character in this game besides Wedge a minority? Why the racial exclusion of white men?
Am I the only one upset/confused about the fact that Ties are shown going into hyperdrive at the minute 2:32? Hope there's an explanation to that on the game...
The empire are the good guys the rebels are yerrorists
Finally, we may be able to get back to our X-Wing/Tie Fighter roots. No game has ever come close to those as far as immersion as a pilot for either side. All we kept getting is the garbage like Battlefront 2, where you fly with a fucking mouse.
I'd love if you get to customize both pilots too, really let the player make the narrative extra personal, siblings, former friends, ex-lovers anything the player could think of
I see a lot of people screaming woke  It's kinda weird that you guys are more focused on the race of the characters rather than the story and gameplay
I have the Rift S and the PSVR damn it's nice to have options.
Nothing from the sequel trilogy.... Disney is learning their lesson and listening to fans
Ну да, вместо того чтобы сделать нормальный Battlefront с бесшовными наземными и космическими битвами, будем лепить всё отдельно за Full Price.
AAAAAA! Admiral Rey Sloun back!!!!! Yeeear
Is sloane a Grand Admiral at this point?
2:50 is this Hera Syndulla? or is that racist?
....um. Even if the Rebels declared themselves a New Republic the Empire would never refer to them as such as I dont think they would recognize them. They will always be rebels to them.
New Republic is failure 😞😞
If I ever get this game imma be an empire pilot just bcuz I’m tired of all these games that make you play the good guys. I wanna fly an empire intercepter
Cept you made one mistake the empire is not only sexist they are racist also is why their pilots are all human male pilots. EA and disney goofed again. Im not surprised.
This looks like the love child of Wing Commander, and x wing vs. tie fighter I never knew I needed. If Mark Hamill shows up in there I'll poop.
From my point of view the rebels are evil!
I KNEW IT WAS WEDGE I NEW IT
Boycot "WOKE" wars!!!
TIE/LN starfighter don't have hyperdrives. It is exciting to see they are allowing the Empire to change its military's philosophies to survive. Makes em more deadly and more real.
Holy molly Hera is back!
Anyone getting some starlancer vibes?
does trackerir work with this game?
0:20 “Who ended Palpatine's reign”  Vader: Yeah right, go ahead, take all the credit I don't need it anyway _[sad face]_
When could Ties support a Hyperdrive?
i hope later in the games lifecycle, they have iconic moment missions such as the battle of hoth and the destruction of the first and second death star.
Battlefront 3 would have been preferable to this boring shite.
Fuck the Imps  Time to wipe their shitty ties from the void  LOCK S FOILS IN ATTACK POSITION
Hers Syndulla huh...Alright that’s kinda cool
EA Woke Checklist:  Must have as few white men in the game  Must have stronk womans (BuT pLeS dOn'T aSsUmE gEnDeRs REEEEEEEEEE)
i swear to god if they have the imperial character defect...
My urge to play Empire at War grows
Fuck the new republic
2:50 Hera is that u ?
The Empire has a ton of women leading them now..hmm.
"It was their bravery that ended Palpatine's reign" Disney: "Well yes, but actually no"
Just remake knights of the old Republic, with battlefront wars.
Don't fuck it up this time EA
While I’m pumped for MP I hope they continue to add SP content. Give us epic missions and story like the original xwing and tie fighter series.
Pair this game with a mission/map editor and it would be unstoppable. HotAC in 3D
oh HEEEEECK yea
1:17 I see Steve Harrington joined the empire
Looks good and feels a bit like Xwing missions which I love but I have one nerdy gripe.  Stop having them hyperspace jump from right next to planets.  Was bad enough that the awful new films did it.  It was always established  that they couldnt jump to lightspeed near large gravitational bodies.
Remember... the force will be with you... always.
2:20 sounds like Mark Hamil voice acting.
For the Empire!
Can we use both side?
My wallet: “It’s a trap!”
Pay to win attachments, cheesy SJW storyline and loot boxes. L O A D I N G
Sinister cause presents the force awakens on YouTube
2:35 since when do tie fights have the ability to jump
Would there be perma death for the other members of the squadron? (I'm talking story mode)
Sooooooooo, when's the OST going to drop?
1:29 Wedge Antilles! SOLD! He held it down while Luke was MIA. Still love the new characters in the Abrams Star Wars too.
Yes, but where are the B-Wings?
This better have HOTAS support...
ugh its going to be woke isn't it -__-
Don't know if anyone ever played Battlestar Galactica for the PS2. Hopefully they're aiming for something similar.
space  ship
How is this not just star fighter assault tho
Did she say Admiral Sloane?!? FUCK YEA!!
I'm glad that they got Denis Lawson back to play Wedge Antilles again, but did they forget that his character had an American accent?
Can i just play the Empire ? Really Tired of the Rebel terrorist scum.
I'm curious who does the voice of Wedge this time around. Technically, Denis Lawson's voice was overdubbed in the OT. They just used his acting. I don't know about TROS. They used his voice in the Rogue Squadron series, though. It always confused me until years later because I always thought, "That doesn't sound like Wedge."
I hate that I have motion sickness. This would be so much fun on VR! If only my body would allow me to have fun :|
I want to dunk on Rebel goofs, not fly with them.
FUCKIN HERA!!!!!!
Don't retcon hyperdrives into TIE's... I saw what you did.
Just give us battlefronts 3 nobody ask for this!
3:07 huh, think this is the first time I've 'seen' the starhawk since that book.
Why does every game have that specific ugly "cyber girl with her hair up" haircut? It sticks out against the retro 1970s/80s design of the OG movie setting. And it looks dumb in every single game.
This inertion maneuvers like in battlestar galactica look amazing.
When EA add loot boxes a week after release: "I am altering the deal, pray I don't alter it any further"
This had better be better than Anthem. 😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡
I am still not convinced about the length of this single player campaign.
How...a Tie Fighter have hyperspace capabilities? I thought only Tie Advanced.
But can u create a character?
Love how they use the actual true Star Wars cannon new republic logo instead of the new shitty Disney stuff
Imperial perspective: Truth Rebel perspective: Lies
Zuko:  I have the best redemption arc in history.  EA:  Hold my microtransactions
I've been waiting for a game like this for so long.  VR and HOTAS support on PS4.  I can't believe it.  I haven't even been following game releases lately, and here this comes out of nowhere.  I'm so tempted to use all that vacation time I was going to sell back.
This is looking good
Only 8? I really expected some Clone Wars era Starships
I don't play video games. Why is this not a show... or a movie?.
Let’s kill those rebelscums FOR THE EMPIRE
...And once again, EA has sucked in the same people that complain about them and say they're horrible...the cycle continues...
Spoiler alert Princess Leia Dies.....😔
lots of things look promising in the game but I'm still wary, anything touched by disney has pretty much been poisoned so far, I mean it would be much more reasuring if they reveal they hired some the of the people from xwaupdate or another big star wars project to show they were actually trying to get it right, but of course they didn't
Buh-ro Hera’s gonna be in this game? I’m hype as fuck
Did they forget the shaders? Understand this is a preview but it visually looks like something you'd expect a decade ago.
i m wait a dlc "the battle on the planet  HOT "
What a good imitation of Carrie Fisher :o
I can't wait to ser the story that will be told in the game
I love how they trust their audience to recognize the familiair faces.
2:33 WTF is that a Hyperdrive ?? ON A TIE FIGHTER ?????
Si paran bien en 1:46 min verán que la nave de combate solo tiene un caza y mágicamente después aparece el resto
I really hope the imperial characters actually stay loyal to the empire and don’t switch over to the rebellion.
Please don’t make this game too casual/arcade
This remind me GOF2
look ....we just want to know if we going to be strong and independent Oh....and if the force is female. LOL
AHHH SO MANY CHARACTERS AND SHIPS FINALLY REPRESENTED. AND STARHAWK HOLY CRAP
wait so this game is post episode 6?! that's so cool. I wanted something with imperial remnant
👍
Remember the Death Star. REMEMBER THE FALLEN
altra merda EA
i think this game will be a huge fail
The Empire discriminated females, they said! Male chauvinists, they said! Okay, that should be considered as a 'bad guys' behaviour... probably. And what do we see here? Imperial female general and female pilot! Disgusting. I hope there will be a choice of pilot gender, at least. Or that will be another 'not a game, but just tribute to feminism', like the entire sequel trilogy.
Looks corny as hell
The graphics look trash
That Starhawk at the end is ready to whip dat star destroyer's ASS.
There using the Original logo for the New Republic that's awesome, that's classy!!
I still can't believe Coruscant is not the capital of the New Republic like it was in the EU books, I get why that's not the case in the new lore but idk Coruscant is the capital period!!
The empire were known racists, so why then is there a black officer and an asian one. Oh yeah its EA.
I'm building a cockpit for this. :D
Long live the Empire
I hope we see more of the Battle of Jakku!
For those yelling about a TIE jumping to hyperspace and how the game is garbage because it dosen't respect canon, the TIE dosen't jump itself. You can just see in the top right corner it docks with the Gozanti-class cruiser it came in on (You can see an example at 1:36 and 1:48) then the cruiser jumps and takes the TIEs with it, which is in line with the new canon.  I don't doubt there will be many issues with the game, it is EA after all and their track record is appalling, but in this small aspect it seemes they did, in fact, get it right.
Sounds like rebel propaganda. The empire stands for peace and security. Fight for the Empire!
Why are there so many lesbians in this galaxy?
I’m going in cover me porkins I’m right with ya red three
How much did EA pay u to promote this trash
Amazing how we can finally jump into hyperspace by ourself instead of watching cutscenes of the pilot doing it.
I want a 100vs100 in multiplayer lol
Love gaming?  Love deals?  100% safe and fast  Codes straight to your account!  Please take a look at  https://www.cdkeys.com/?mw_aref=WeLoveGaming
No i won't fly for the republic
So the Story will take 2h?😳
Why not GTA SW?
I won’t buy without HOTAS support on PS4
The German Red Baron 80 kills  I beat that
Wait was that Hera from Rebels????
Forced diversity. Disgusting. I'm not buying it.
Is EVERYONE in the Star Wars universe now a POC? Asking for a white minority....
EA releasing a review of their game.  Don't expect Actual nom-bias reviews to be people sucking on EA's chocolate starfish.
This should be coming to Game Pass because of the new deal if I'm correct so I'm very excited to start playing soon on Series X!
What the FUCK!!!! Why did a TIE fighter just jump to hyperspace???? That is AGAINST the LORE... NOT WAY IM BUYING THIS JUNK
I'm gonna cut across the axis and try and draw their fire!
LET ME ROMANCE MY SQUADMATES
Hotas on ps4... do the right thing!
If you can play this in VR and have a headset... why am I drooling?
I want this game sooooo bad
Female Wars
All wings report in
Looks shit.
Did all the male officers die over Endor or something...
Is this game all in first person? If so that sucks i like 3rd person for star wars star fighting
TIE Fighters have hyperdrives?
RIP Carrie Fisher 😫
Is this going to be a Cockpit view game?? No third person view??
Why the hell Hera have Iden Versio face ?
YES!! I LOVE SJW INSPIRED GAMES!!
now listen guys.. This game is made by the same creators of Star Wars Battlefront 3 and 4....  Their track record isn't the greatest. and you only get a skin set if you pre-order.. they even reduced the price cause everyone was smart enough not to pre-order this game..  I hope it turns out good... But it will probably be awful. :(
good side empire
I just want star wars kotor 3 not squadrons, make kotor 3 or a game where we play as a sith not a Jedi or rebel ffs
More dlc please  , I want more all ready! Looks great :)
i need a full starwars in vr not only space i will fight with lightsaber  meet joda at dagobah and and and.. must be amazing in vr..
"It was their bravery that ended Palpatine's reign" Well, kinda...
Battle of Coruscant please!
HYPE!!
TIEs do not have a hyperdrive, EA. You had one job.
Can't wait to stack rebel scum 😎
You have to pay 50$ to pay 50$
How about do clone wars on Star Wars squadron and upload the new Star Wars game
Naval combat is laaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaame all you did was take the squadron game mode from battlefront and isolated it this game should be 20 dollaaaaaaaaars
You can't even control the ships?  Fuck you EA.  What an embarrassment.
thrawn is alive
I haven’t been this exited for a game in years
Squadrons should make a split screen were one person is the pilot and one person could be the astromech
It's so pretty... so let's see how it runs.
The empire will strike back.  Law and Order for a shattered galaxy.
Just let the franchise die already...
Thank you so much for bringing this in its entirety to VR!🙏❤️🙏❤️🙏❤️
is this a global realse date or american? cause im european and want it
In all honesty, I kinda hoped this was a squeal to fallen order
I love how the opening has 2 X-Wings and 3 Y-Wings, though all but Luke and Wedge died...and Wedge pulled away before the run got to that point.
They're missing a heck of a lot of great star ships.
Is this game trying to be woke again?
How you gunna screw this one up EA?
Hopefully our empire pilot doesn't switch sides two levels in like Iden did!
2:44 is that Kit Harington?
2:50 *HERA????*
Message from mission-critical craft: they're under attack! Message from mission-critical craft: their shields down! Message from mission-critical craft: hull condition critical! Message from mission-critical craft: they've been destroyed! Abort mission! Mission a failure!
Haha it’s funny cause in 30 years the new republic is going to get wiped out
WEDGE ANTILLES !!!!! <3
Finally, me and the boys can now reenact Jek Porkins death from episode IV.
For the Empire!
Star Wars is always biased towards the Republic. Once in a while, give us a good Empire only game.
Speech at the beginning is the same one my wife gives me everyday
please please please ea don't screw this beloved game i love it so far
Já tem data de laçamento?
EA, just hold off on the micro transactions, could ya now?
This is rebel propaganda
1:40 I must say the lip sync here is just... BEAUTIFUL
Hope they will make DLC that we can play in different battle in the history of Star Wars
No se ustedes, pero me hubiera gustado que el modo multijugador fuera con muchas mas naves, sería increíble estar con muchos jugadores, y qué, no se, desde mi punto de vista, es algo épico.
Not goin to lie already preordered
Wait wtf tie fighters have hyperdrives? Wyf
I am more excited for lego star wars Tss to be honest
TIE/LN with hyperdrive?
Where’s the fly for the empire trailer
1:23 ayo, MC80s be in the game
EA, it's 2020. 4K videos, please.
WARNING!!! WARNING!!! Incoming Transmission!!  Pilots Wanted for the Star Wars: Squadrons Academy!! We Are A Star Wars Fandom Discord Focusing more so on Squadrons. We Offer, Game Givaways once a month,Movie Nights,  And One Of the Founders Of The Calrissian Cup Tournament! Along with Many other fun things to do. JOIN US TODAY!!!  https://discord.gg/T3jTrjU
HERAAAAAA
If you force me to play a trash male even a little I will quit the game!
Im a little worried that EA is going to 'EA' this game up, but the starfighter mode in Battlefront 2 was pretty sick and the only part of that game i still play.
When the Star Wars games (like Battlefront 2, fallen order, and this) do the OG trilogy characters SO much better than the sequel trilogy...
2:33 a TIE with hyperdrive?!?
This game looks dumb
ABORT MISSION! THE AT-PTS HAVE BEEN DESTROYED! REPEAT! THE AT-PTS HAVE BEEN DESTROYED!
Wack 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 please make bf3 for us all I promise this is not going to help you gain more money EA
Join The Empire. No more Rebel Scum. Thx. No more Disney Feminism
All this Rebel Propaganda and happy feels make me sick.  I wanna see the Imperials side
Yall really gonna milk the fuck out of Carrie Fisher. Aren't ya?
If this actually has a substantial campaign with a lot of missions and a good story like TIE Fighter had back in the day it could be a quick purchase for me, but i fear it will be a set piece tour 3-5hr CoD-style campaign.
Lot of heavy handed diversity but if the gameplay is solid and the story is interesting then I don't think it'll be too bad.
dakota
I’m not trying to hate but you could of made Battle Front 3 with this as a game mode 💀💀
Guess they'll add white people in a future DLC.
the graphics look worse than bf2?
Does this mean there is going to be multiplayer?
But TIE fighters don’t have hyperdrive!!!
TIE’s don’t have hyperdrives
I've been a huge fan of star wars  flight sems games since 64s rouge squad but I disappointed that the B-Wing witch happens to be my favorite space fighter has not been a playable fighter.
Why not?
1080p trailers in 2020...
An entire PSVR Star Wars game 🤤
So from a certain point of view, we dont get to pick and fight for one side? We are jumping back and forth? I have a bad feeling about this
I can’t wait, one month
Rogue Squadron is BACK, BABY!  Lock S-Foils in Attack Position!
HERA HERA HERA HERA
I almost lost it when it appeared the TIE was jumping into hyperspace, but the frame before shows it docking with that vessel. You are a bold one motive studios
Graphics? Too sterile, pure, not real-life looking and  weird. Characters move like ragdolls. EA, you can do better than this.
I wonder if the Imperial pilots are going to suddenly have a crisis of conscious and flip over to the New Republic because they realized that what they were doing was actually bad....you know because that worked out so well in Battlefront II........
Still can’t believe this game falls on my birthday, I’m getting it that day
Hope there will be Co-op, and single player skirmish missions besides story based mission.. just wish they did do this switching between two characters.. thats freaking annoying
so this is the commercial sent by princess leia where is the propaganda of the empire
Man it's looking like a updated version of X-Wing/TIE Fighter game. I'm very interested!
It feels like this game is gonna be really good
Flight lead: I need you focused and ready to go. Me shoveling bagel bites furiously into my mouth with grease on my fingers before the next mission: mhm you got it boss, for the Republic!
Ahhh i see your trying to make a good game for once it will be a nice change
this looks like shit
It would be helpful if you'd taught your voice actors how to pronounce "Gladius".
Too bad this is an EA game. Pass
I love Admiral Sloane is in it
Looks awesome
ADMIRAL SLOANE
IT'S HERA (MOM) SYNDULLA OMG! <3 <3 <3
Freedom Peepeepoopoo shut up, I want to be a TIE pilot wrecking rebel scum
Gender wars wars female squadron
I miss carrie fisher
Ok, the recruitment video was a great idea.
Purge Rebel Communists
They should add a clone wars dlc
HERAAAAAAAAA! Wish I didn't get motion sickness super easily, otherwise this would be on my pre-order list.
2:50 Is that Herra Syndulla?
TIE Fighter with hyperspace??? what????
Sorry but tie fighters don’t have hyper drives... 🤦🏻‍♂️
This introduction sounds like an intro to a ride at Disneyland...
This is going to be something else in VR
"you'll have the option to experience every mission fully immersed in VR"...except on XBOX :(  Working on a method to get emulated VR via PC-XBOX streaming using RiftCat.  Reply with comments
Already pre ordered
This is great
This game will need an mp campaign for those who love co-op. That's why Balance of power was brought out for x-wing vs tie fighter. Don't make the same mistake...
Elite dangerous players have entered the chat
What Headset do u recommend
I like how they all speaks with British Accents. But like, can we get someone with Southern accent next time
EA notice  Unlock this trailer $4.99  Unlock singleplayer $5.99 Unlock PS4 controller $5.99 Play game, oh that's free 🤪
So glad I'm not buying this trash lmao
Gonk
My Empire will lasttt FOREVERRRR.....
I like how they gave us Fucking a tease in battlefront 1 psvr mission and it was the only good part about the new battlefront.... yet they made us wait freaking years!!! Without a glimpse of hope to get this...
The VR PC & PSVR crossplay gameplay better be only VR!!!!
Lemme guess... the bad pilot joins the rebellion by the end of the game. Boring
Star wars inclusive squadrons
So another game with only female characters?  I'll pass and wait for this nonsense to go out of fashion.
why am I seeing high chances of minimum content, microtransactions and repetitive gameplay?
Crush these Rebel scum, glory to the Empire!
EA, lol! Go woke, go broke
судя по трейлеру все  белые гетеросексуальные мужчины ушли сражаться за империю
star wars worth shit without galactic assault
Well kit Harrington is in the game
Lol 2020 the team leaders of video games are always black :DDD But even better if it's a girl <3  Game seems fine i guess, not great tbh, classic EA
I just want The Empire to win lol
Just let me customize my pilot. Jek Porkins must fly again.
Sooooo, does this take place after the first death star???
Oh boi just another money grab by EA! CEO of EA: Hmmm how can we make more money.                                                    Employee of EA: I know sir! Let’s not put anymore work into Battlefront II DLC even though 75,000+ people signed a petition saying they would even pay for a season pass even and practically hand money to us as long as we keep a good game rolling and just rip Star fighter assault from BattleFront II and make it it’s own games and throw a few Wookiee bobble heads that you can put on your dash and charge a full game price for it!                                                                       CEO of EA: I love it get this man a raise, and let’s do it because the consumer will always sucker in for a Star Wars game just because it has the brand name Star Wars on it even though it’s a really bad game.
"Fly for the New Republic". Seriously i will fly for the Empire
Why are the graphics so bad?
I ain't even thinking about buying until angry joe says we good again EA,
I'm just excited for Hera.
I hope we do see more content for this game in the future , pre ordered , can't wait! :)
The first part looked like propaganda
Acknowledged, using your target for attack.
Erm I think you forgot to replace the guide vo on this one. Sloppy.
Please, please please let one of the last missions be Jakku. I want to see the Ravager flip upside down and just CRATER.
I hope my pc can run it lol
This game looks fun. Reminds of the X-Wing & Tie Fighter games for the PC back in the 90s. Hopefully this game does well enough and EA can revive Rogue Squadron games
Better not get the fucking First Order in this. So much potential.
A massive problem is apparent in the video.  The Tie class fighters never had hyperdrives during the Empire.  They were short ranged fighters only. They had to re-dock into their carrier or star destroyer before anyone would go into hyperspace. The only Tie series fighter that had a hyperdrive was the Tie Defender; as designed in lore by Grand Admiral Thrawn.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AoVCFmgoFVw
As interesting as it seens, its EA.... i will wait at least 3 months and then see how they monetize it to all hell...
The intro looks like New Republic propaganda
Is Vader in it? He better be.
That speech sickens me to my core. Terrorist Propaganda is all that was. I rather die in the service of the Empire than live in a galaxy controlled by the New Republic.
Where is Cad Bane in Clone Wars? Where is Coruscant on Battlefront? Where is the adult plot that Star Wars is missing? Disney are not worth shit for this, relive Star Wars 1313
XDXDXDXDXDXDXD..........LADY SQUADRONS............XDXD.........
2:33 - did I just see a plain TIE fighter go to light speed without a hyperdrive??!?!?!
That music tho, 👌
But i want a Republic Commando 2!!!
The single player story and the game overall stock because it's a part of the new Star Wars Canon just face it the lore sucks I think it has all the best gameplay we ever had it's my opinion my opinion is the single player campaign sucks because of his overall story no offense but it sucks because it's based on if they want to make good game with the time you can gain some the legend of Zu because it's better listen it's my opinion I have nothing against you or the people like the game I'm just saying my opinion please understand that my opinion is I hate Star Wars squadrons
This game will be fire I’m so happy that I was born in this generation
Would really appreciate native support on Oculus Quest! As much as I want B-Wings, I’d rather have the game as-is on the Quest.
I wonder, as there's both sides, they'll do that thing Titanfall 1's campaign did where, even if you score a total victory for the Empire, the narrative will still go "Well, the New Republic still won because..."  Still, it is nice there's a choice of sides!
A Star Wars Game like Star Citizen would be awesome. Open World and that you can jump with lightspeed where ever you want. Land on Planets or Capital ships, get out of the ship etc.
This game is only for PC? (I used Google Translate, sorry for the language)
A man can only get so hard.
Sounds like Republic propaganda at the start.
Why isn't Thrawn in this as the leader of the empire fleet.  That is a missed opportunity.
Thanks for ruining Star Wars games
No vr please
Wait, are they using the Legends New Republic insignia on the ships? Nice
Hey any news on HOTAS Support for consoles?
Kinda want story expansion to incorporate the Lost Stars story.
Me when I saw Hera: a surprise to be sure, but a welcome one!
*hears Leia voice actor*  Decent!  *hears Wedge voice actor*  Uhh...who's that supposed to be???
Man your ships, pilots and gamers.  And May the Force be with you...always!
I will grind the hell out of this game.
Rae Sloane!!!! WOU que cool!!
Talk about selective hearing
How did TIE fighters get hyperdrive engines?
1:28 I thought they were going to hire Nathan Kress to voice Wedge Antilles like he did in "Star Wars Rebels".  That sounds so much like Denis Lawson, I have a hunch they're hiring him to do the voice of Wedge again like in the 2001 video game "Star Wars: Rogue Squadron II: Rogue Leader".
all women in these videos, 1 white male i like 3 trailers.
Did i just see a Tie Fighter goes into lightspeed ??? ! oO wtf is that
Star Wars Squadrons is gonna be super awesome!  Thanks, 20th Century-Fox Games and LucasArts.
What ship is that at 3:11
I wanna buy psvr just for this lol
That was Hera!
It has been so long  for a good decent  flying Star Wars game this looks so dope and amazing to get are mind off the stress of this world today!!
Sloane and hera syndulla in this makes me want to actually give it a chance now! Well played
Sorry but I don't care for flight sims. This game isn't for me. I am not a flight sim guy. Give me a lightsaber game any day over this.
No B-Wing... No Victory
Niiiiccceeee
I wonder if you need a license to drive a ship
Guess i'll be staying single for a little bit longer..
Is it VR only?
Hello there
In Star Citizen they've been working on getting the elevators to work for like three years.
2:34 Did that TIE fighter have a hyperdrive?
In American dictionary: freedom means destruction
Realistically, the New Republic would've taken back the Shipyards and produced their own copy/variant of the Star Destroyer.
wedge and biggs left Avalanche and went to Star Wars? ^^
People That Can't wait for Squadrons,   | \/
Wait, but at the end of a Civil War, capital of a New Republic was Chandrilla!
that guy from the thumbnail looks like the guy in the mandalorian who pays the bounty hunters
Why are we still screwing around the OG era? Why not explore new eras? At least it set during Clone Wars if you are scared to set SW outside its comfort zone.
STRONG FEMALE PROTAGONIST
Wedge Antilles and Rogue Squadron?? Shut up and take my republic credits!
https://youtu.be/ACtKoP74kzw
2:33 I thought TIE fighters didn't have an hyperdrive
HERAAAA
They brought back Rogue Squadron!!!!!
All the dislikes are stormtroopers who missed the like button.
"Wedge Antilles, Rogue Squadron..." I lost it!!!
battlefront 2 is much better
I hope it will be awesome as the rogue one vr mission ! Just insane
so how long is the game 4 hours long 2 for both campagins?
Another air combat based star wars game? It only took fucking over a decade. (I just realized this takes place after the events of episode 6) Shit....
What’s with all the ladies in the Empire all of a sudden? You didn’t need to diversify them. Them being mostly men made them look more evil.
It’s no wonder tie fighters crash into rocks and buildings so often, they have no peripheral vision inside that awful cockpit.
Nothing is ever going to beat space battles in the original Star Wars Battlefront II (2005).
I don't like the acting, can't believe half of the characters. Feels like star wars nerds got into action and ovearcting with those intense devoted looks. This applies to most of the recent star wars. Check out older films, that's not how people talk during war...
I though x wings didn’t have hyperdrives
support PSVR ?
please tell me there's a 3rd person or ill never be able to see how close i am to crashing into a starship
The bombardment of diversity is staggering. Why does modern Star Wars forget to make any alien species to go along with every single age, hair style and ethnicity of basic female characters?
Почему так много темнокожих?
I hope they don't do what they did with BF II's story and have the empire-side pilots defect to the rebels.
Hold up tie fighters don't have hyperdrives😂😂😂
at the end the empire starts running like rebels
I'll get this game, but not on release :p
Is it just me or is there a lot of orange in this game?
They better make VR work with WMR
TIE Fighters do not have hyperdrives...
Remember guys...its EA
1:00 Well, a _glimpse_ it is indeed. A mere glimpse. It's really a single player trailer, not a single player preview in all but the most literal of senses. I'm already hyped for it despite the campaign surely being too short for my liking, but you'd better show some actual mission design soon.
_"Susanne Hunka"_ sounds like an actual Star Wars character name.
Looks so cool.
Ill be honest id love for march of the resistance to be a soundtrack piece in this
It looks ok, but to be honest the Rouge Squadron game's on the gamecube looked better and even had spiltsreen coop.
zzz
Looks like a fun game
'member Star Wars, i 'member!
“gladly... admiral sloane” AGHHHHHH I WENT CRAZY. I AM SO EXCITEDDDDD
Just waiting for the “SJWS RUINED STAR WARS SQUADRON” youtube video because there were more than one females and non-white people in the trailer
So it’s sequel era... great... 😞
You know when your playing this game with friends, one of you is always going to go "Lock S foils in attack position"
I so hope we'll eventually see the Tie Defender in this game. Hopefully EA isn't planning to ruin this one with transactions.
2020 is the year of new flight games😁
a black woman is an admiral in this 💀
Hera!
It's kinda sad how they turned the empire from space nazis, to a sjw/feminism organisation. Glad I grew up with their OT version and not this garbage.
Wedge really sounds like a Scot attempting an American accent. Considering Denis Lawson's heritage, that's some stellar attention to detail.!
I wonder how they are gonna keep the storyline interesting. I sure hope the missions are not only going to be destroy this destroy that. Defend this and escort that. If you get what I mean
I'm all suited up and ready for battle.  What a birthday gift.... almost.
I hope this game succeeds, I miss the old Rogue Squadron games and would love more of something similar
2:33 TIE Fighters aren’t supposed to have hyperdrives though.
The game looks great. Hera looks awesome in the more realistic animation, and I think that was Vanessa Marshall voicing her. It was great to see Wedge but unfortunately I don’t think that was Denis Lawson’s voice. The voice actor doesn’t even sound like him at all. BTW: since when do regular TIE fighters have hyperdrives’? (Only issues I had)
2:33 wait did tie fighter just jumped into hyperspace ?
What's the point? The New Republic will seemingly destroy the remnants of the Empire, only to be utterly demolished by the First Order in a few short years.
Things that weren't in star wars... Tie fighters with hyper drive... and fighters drifting. So closeee for a real star wars things but justtt a little off.
STAR WARS: MINORITY SQUADRONS
Finally something about sp Finally something I care about
The beginning feels like Spider-man FFH
#DarkSide4Ever
Me gusta las naves todo. lo relacionado con star wars.  Pero a este juego no le tengo ezperanza.
This is just propaganda
But will there be romances?
Looks fun, I hope the flying feels better than in EA Battlefront and wasn’t just copy/pasted
I like how they are including characters in the movies and shows, like Hera and Wedge. It shows that every little bit of the Star Wars universe is focused on instead of just being thrown away after it’s used once
2:34 Hold up, TIEs don't have hyperdrives.
Could be a propaganda flick on the Holonet. Very nice this trailer
This looks like it could be amazing! I just hope they don't make the imperials out as 100% moustache-twirling, cartoon villains (Or make the player join the republic halfway through).
I can´t wait Come on we finally fly an x-wing and a tie-fighter
2:32 Hang on.... do TIE fighters have hyperdrive engines or was he piloting something else? Because the other TIE fighters came in with their support frigates at 1:47
I just noticed the Quazar carrier to the left at 1:22
I wish it was like the OG RS games where you could do missions on planets too not just space battles.
FOR THE EMPEROR PURGE THE XENOS. i wish we wouldn't have to play as rebel scum but oh well.
2:50 so ready to see what Hera's involvement is
It’s first person only but whenever something awesome happens we’re going to show it to you in third person because this way you get a better shot of it 😍 but soz you won’t get that because first person only
Empire > Republic
It would be nice if the story had alternate endings, depends on which faction will you choose.
We'll have to destroy them ship to ship. Get the crews to their fighters.
I’ll be there fighting for the Republic
Trash
Spoiler: A quarter of the way through the Imperial campaign you become a rebel.
I thought tie fighters didn’t have hyperdrive
Perfect time for my birthday yay
This looks amazing and reminds me of my childhood!
I don't know if I'm wrong, but tie fighters  are not supposed to be able to travel through hyperspace 🤔
wish this in ps5 and VR MODE
Since when did regular TIE Fighters have built in hyper drives
But tie fighters dont have jump drives ....
I trust EA like I trust my ex
Anybody else exited for this should read Alphabet Squadron, it has direct tie-ins to this and the Battlefront 2 campaign
Oh look, all the people with high rank were woman. Where are all the alien commanders?? Equal pay, equal rights!!!
Strong wahmen officials, strong lesbian officials, strong non white pilots. So tired of these mierda de toro. I want to see Han, Luke, Vader, Leia, Lando!!
"I need you focused and ready to go". Whooooo vanessa marshall please tell us she do full motion capture of hera, that would dope as hell.
Lets goooooo, Harrison Dula and Layered Organs cameooooo I'm gonna fly the most heavily shielded TIE fighter with my very own living quarters inside of it while wearing my signature Captain Picard necklace, FOR FRODOOOO, WAAAGHH
Wish we just got an RPG about the aftermath of The Battle Of Endor and you get to choose what faction and class to be then go through the story as there is actually only 2 Star wars RPG games ever KOTOR 1 and 2 there's loads of Star wars flight simulators so Squadrons is yet again another over used concept
Im cool with the plot, and I like the idea of actually forming a republic. Thats why the sequels to me are non canon
i'm not playin as imperial, don't want to, won't, don't make me
Do you also REALLY think or believe this game can also try to bring in both the B-Wing and the TIE Defender by any chance or means if POSSIBLE?
"A trap, it is!" - Master Yoda reacts on Admiral Akbar realization that it is a trap.
They weren't the New Republic until after the emperor died. They were the Alliance of Independent Systems
Do not fall rebel propaganda machine, for the empire! For the order and stability! We revenge for our Emperor
👍
I’d get if there was a 3rd person view option. Otherwise I’m gonna pass. Don’t have vr anyway
X-wing on PC many years ago, is my favourite childhood game. So very looking forward to this. However, not seen any B-Wings, are they in the game?
Ра-си-я
Game looks amazing but I’m still not buying
God daaaaaamn I bet this looks and feels super good in vr
Finally.
Meh. They took the book called Alphabet Squadron and made it a game. No imagination EA. None at all.
I wish the galactic republic (clones and separatists) were apart of this game
But tie fighters can’t go into light speed smh 😤
The only thing a hate about this game is tha cockpit view!!! That sucks!!!!
Wow Star Citizens looks amazing!!
That’s cools but I hear the developers are being pulled onto another disaster project that EA is running.   Don’t preorder
Why does that tie fighter have hyperspace abilities?
Not my republic
Did that tie fighter... just jump to light speed?
Naaah, EA has too much of a bad reputation, I'll wait until hype dies down and people honestly review it
Naaah, EA has too much of a bad reputation, I'll wait until hype dies down and people honestly review it
The graphics are awful 🤢
Looks fun
The game looks good but the forced diversity and PC boxes are all ticked. I’ve never seen so many woman in all star wars combined, not that there’s anything wrong with that. But put some white guys in there , I know we are most hated but we are people too🤣
Bruh... Did that tie just jump into hyperspace? 2:32
Who does Leias voice? It's really similar!
Stupid rebels Umm I’m I mean flying is for droids 👀
But there is just the campaign but no Singleplayer Arcade or Instant Action Mode for Singleplayer... ?
Oh my god, this is the music everybody is thinking about when it comes to space battle in star wars, this game can only be good <3
Demo of battlefront for 40 $  Made by EA.
Still looks boring AF.  5V5 cooooooome oooooon!!!!!  Pandemic made a good 32v32 space battle game!! Get a fuuucking grib EA and Disney!!
damn, gameplay looks super sexy.
Gotta make sure the rebels lose 😏
It would be nice of they add a DLC adding the Sequel and Prequel eras
All I want is kotor
Still a little triggerd there is no Third person
Be is the best way to play I can’t wait!
1:22 you can see a quasar class carrier just saying i think there are more options
SKATE4
Why is everyone black, asian, alien andor female? Fucking leftist propaganda.
So what I’m confused about is that this game doesn’t REQUIRE vr right? It’s only vr compatible?
I don’t know why the game gonna suck
"It was their bravery that ENDED Palpatine's reign"   Little did they know...
I'll try spinning, that's a good trick.
That kit harington's voice??
my single takeaway: WEEEEEEEEEEEDDDGGGE!!!! THE BOY IS BACK!!!
Great, this will be a good 20 bucks game for the holidays next year.
I will play on my gear vr hooked on my PC! Yesss! Later next year when i grab rtx3000
Just as an FYI, the Empire did absolutely nothing wrong
-Inward to Answers https://youtu.be/SZN7EtaryxY This is a combination of a song called -Answers (feb 2020) by my son Ron, and some words from one of my past videos called -A Plea to Rise...(sept 2018)  feel free to listen much care
Soooooo "politically correct" its not even like their trying to hide it...
Gonna date myself right here, but THIS is what I've wanted since I first flew that T-16 on a training mission through Beggar's Canyon. So all I've got to say here, "Rookie One, standing by!"
But battlefront 3 when
Wedge! YES! A minor character in the overall narrative of the films yet he saved Luke in A New Hope, tow-cabled an AT-AT in Empire, and blew up the second Death Star with Lando. Cool.
Okay, where do I sign up?
It’s like real propaganda
That every mission in VR is tempting...
Only VR players can like this comment
Hopefully the Empire pilot doesn't defect after 3 missions.
I'd love to also see the Clone Wars version of this in the future
call back to rebel assault 2 there?
https://youtu.be/gxP-sYYSG8U BTS dynamite
これってVRしなくてもいいよね🎵
I have way to many games pre-ordered right now that's all coming out practically at the same time!
Looks like an X-Wing remake. They finally got the message.
2:50 I know that beautiful twi'lek
The empire will kill your precious "rebellion" AND WILL BECOME VICTORIOUS. WE WILL KILL EVERYONE WHO STANDS IN OUR WAY AND BRING ORDER TO THE GALAXY. IN A SYSTEM FAR FROM HERE. THE LAST DAY OF THE REPUBLIC AND THE SENATE IS AMUNG US. THEY WILL BE NO MORE!
3 things i ask for:  No pay to win Maybe some free story DLC's And please, B-Wings, Z-95's and maybe scum and villany factions.  Also maybe more than 5 players per squad in some modes, like ground war in Warzone. Also FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GIVE ME AN X-WING HELMET THAT DOSNT COST MORE THAN 50 BUCKS WTH I DONT NEED BROWN LEATHER INLAYS I JUST NEED A HELMET WITH A VISOR THAT DOSNT LOOK LIKE WARPED SHIT
How did a TIE fighter make the jump to hyperspace? What am I missing?
Anyone else think that having too many women on the empire side makes the game less immersive? The Empire is supposed to be this big bad evil and they're known to discriminate against women and aliens so it would make more sense to portray them like that.
Tie fighters do not have hyper drives so I’m not sure why you showed one jumping to hyperspace. Also they do not have shields so I’m not sure if you’re giving them shields for the gameplay or not, but they do not have shields
It would be cool if there is dlc where you play through iconic battles
looks trash but i ll buy it coz its star wars
Can’t wait to play this game I pre order on the Xbox can’t wait
Je suis tellement hypé 😍😍 that's gonna be crazy !
Almost makes me forget the dumpster fire trilogy of the last few years. Also please make porkins a squad member “ I can hold it”
@1:47 the tie fighters just pop into existence. at 2:10 a second ship just warps into the first one. typical EA shoddiness. don't expect it to be fixed at the final release.
I've prepared for this since the days of After Burner on 32x
Ea always produce SHIT
Is that kit Harrington voicing for the imperial agent
"With the help of brave and daring pilots, this war can end!" --- SPOILER --- It doesn't. 🤣
How many missions will be in SP campaign-that’s a question
Vanilla TIEs with shields  Thanks, I hate it
Game will be good as a base but VR is going to be a life changing experience.
I am so happy that EA is making a game that is not a fps for ones
Is it before or after Episode 6?
Was that Kit Harrington ? Asian imperial
Hope Empire story ending victory don't want like BF2
Will this just be a gimmick? I reckon it will lack content. It might play good online for a month but I reckon the player count will die off.
Tie fighters have hyperdrives now?
Since when did a tie fighter get a hyperdrive? 2:32
Finally, the TIE Reaper gets some attention and people will see that it exists.
I cannot wait to play your in VR!!
How long are we going to have to wait for the loot box reveal
Why can the TIE fighter go to lightspeed? They were never equipped with a hyperdrive in Imperial service.
omfg Wedge Antilles is Brinjolf from thieves Guild?
fuck off EA, give star wars to a better dveloper studio you cash sucking vampires
Any news on trackIR support?
So... no beta?
i hate women
Hope the narrator isn't one of the sjw of Kathleen Kennedy squad
I only care about single-player, and this seems fun.  If it's only a 20 hour or less game as single-player, though, then it'd need to be on big sale for me to justify purchasing it.
BRO WHY DOES WEDGE SOUND LIKE THAT
Not enough Grievous, sorry I'll sit this one out
except the combat will be trash.
I am wondering if the gameplay is not going to be boring after a pinch of minutes. I would prefer a nice singleplayer shooter like the good old days like DARK FORCES from LucasArts ✨✨
Ah Wedge. So glad my favorite character is getting more attention.
Imagine how many people must be getting blasted by stray energy bolts from these space battles.
Great video,keep it up-!
Niceeeeeeeeee!!!!!!!!
so many old friends    hope they wont change side after 50 minute
for alderaan!!!
And what if you don't want to play as an Imperial... Is that an option?
So we really not gonna discuss how ties don't come with hyperdrive, but this one jumps into hyper space 🤷‍♂️ i should probably mention I'm not hating, the game still looks really awesome
$quadron$ made by EA
That was a very good intro,  great work!
3:11 - damn, that's original soundtrack from 1993 X-Wing game, gave me goosebumps.
Boooring
I like how the start is basically rebel propaganda, it’d be cool to see a trailer like that but from the empire perspective
I can’t wait to get Star Wars squadrons to join the new republic
Oh yea! :D The campaign seems to be very interesting from both points of view. That Starhawk ship looks like a heavy flagship unit to me and it's description matches up. There's Hera, Wedge, Admiral Sloane and I assume many more familiar connected characters :) I hope to discover that story on my own when I'll fly in my X-Wing or Tie-Fighter!
RTX 3090 for VR immersion in 144FPS
Ima play this game but ima just ask can we get another kotor type of game it would be appreciated
This is going to be GREAT
Looks lit
Campaign lenght please?
2:50 Is that Hera Syndulla?
Just give us Republic Commando: Remastered already!!!
I love the premise but I just can't find it in myself to trust EA until seeing the finished product.... been burned by their greedy tactics too many times.  When they say; "Customisable ships", all I hear is lockboxes and add-on purchase unlocks. New pilot characters becomes "Pay for cosmetics."   Hopefully I'm proved wrong; I love Star Wars!
This is looking great!!
LAND MISSSIONS?
Когда будет Battlefront3?
The gameplay graphics look a bit poopy.
우주배경 왜이렇게 촌스럽냐. 그래픽도 배틀프론트보더 못하네
Still waiting for EA to mess it up.
can't wait to get this on my birthday!!
Alpha one, Alpha one - defend Platform D-34.
Looks like the old X-Wing and TIE Fighter PC games!!
Lock S-foil into attack position
Wedge, Sloane, and Hera!  This really takes me back to renting Rogue Squadron from blockbuster on N64 in the late 90s. Can't wait
>another OT crap
Wow
Apparently EA has chosen the BLAQ path. Fail.
最近のEA作品には不自然なほど中国人が出てくるな。。。 雰囲気台無しだわ。
Can't wait for our "Imperial" character to defect to the Rebellion after a five minute conversation again. Either that or get killed by plot because "muh Hope"
If I get to fly the tie defender or B wing i would buy this
I took 20 years to understand what exaclly players need
Gonna name my pilots Maverick, Goose, Merlin, Jester, Iceman
Hera is my Favorite Rebel Pilot
enough of this rebel propaganda the Emperor still alive! show us the imperial intro video
2:09 We have Republic Corvettes inbound? Wouldn't they still be calling them rebels?
1:45- now that’s a space station mode I haven’t seen since X-Wing Alliance. Good times
Just wanna playing for the GLORY of the Galatic empire 💪
Hype 0
Can I just say, I’m so glad that my girl Sloane is finally making a comeback. First with her appearance at the end of the Shadow Fall book and now this.
"I look forward to seeing you all October 2nd" and then we see Launching 10 of February 2020? Pick one.
can you use pilot joystick to the game? please answor me
Did a Tie Fighter just Hyperjumped?
Rebels: "Choose your side!"  Me: "Boys, it's time to avenge our Emperor!" :D
Star Wars: New World Order
Gameplay looks good. Story looks like it was written after they decided “let’s make this all about women”. Female narrator to female producer to female character to female character to mission to rescues female character. I mean women are great but at least attempt to be subtle with the women-centric agenda
NWO
Susanne Hunka is one of those, eh. Garbage human beings who can't just be normal, they gotta be snowflakes. "Narrative Producer on Star Wars: Squadrons. Sushi lover. so bad at tweeting. (she/her)" Clown.
Brace yourselves for impact.... of 1000 dlcs, because its fuckin EA.
Game looks pretty cool but the fake English accents are making me cringe.
Darth Vader: I find yout lack of faith disturbing. Me: Yes Lord Vader, but when EA is the publisher I still have a bad feeling about this, though the last SW game was cool. Darth Vader:Hmmm, probably you have a point.
Trash
No B wing :(
It was Luke Skywalker and Vader/Anakin who destroyed the empire ! Not buying this pc propaganda !
Getting X-Wing vs. Tie-Fighter vibes. 😍
This mission looks like something from the 1994 Tie Fighter campaign - including the space station.
So far looks good! But I am still cautious when I recall the dissapointment that was Battlefront 2.
I wonder how many Elite: Dangerous players want to join the best in the galaxy.  One is already guaranteed, it is very rare for a game to convince me in the pre-order, but it is even rarer a game that allows me what you promised us.  (G. translator)
Looks great, but did I see a TIE jump into lightspeed at 2:33? Because in the lore they don't have hyperdrives, like Obiwan in ANH said to Luke; "No, it's a short range fighter", which is why they rely on carriers or captial ships to get around. Other than that little bit though, looks cool! *EDIT* : my bad, just noticed it's attached to a cruiser, not jumping by itself.
Looks awesome
Rae Sloane definitely has the Gina Torres vibe.
I'm so hyped for Hera and Wedge's appearances. Both are some of my favourites characters in the franchise.
I grooved the remake song of The Battle of Yavin.
Please, PLEASE! HOTAS and Trackir support!
All the people in charge are female
TIE fighters hyperjumping? I'm cancelling my order and just threw my VR + HOTAS into the dumpster. Bye bye hopes
Tie fighters are to small to have a hyperdrive....
Finally , a good fucking X-wing game.
Wie Wing Commander nur ohne echte Schauspieler :) Scheint gut zu werden, aber mit echten Schauspielern wäre es der Hit.
в игре есть белые мужчины, вы что расисты?
no one talking about the Swtor Gravestone ship
Where are the planet that we know ??
Was that the gravestone?
Multiplayer voice comms are gonna get abused with movie quotes... I can't wait
The number of women in this game is greater than in all 9 movie parts. Suspicious, as well as that almost all of them are in command.
I don't like that they are going in the sequel territory with the appearance of Hosnian Prime. Otherwise, it looks cool.
I guess I have an unpupular opinon. This game looks great but seems boring.
2:45 Is that Kit Harrington?
Y’all still using the wrong New Republic insignia but that’s fine
Star Wars: Squadrons!!!
0:52 뽕개쩐다 ㄷㄷ
Is that the rebel Leia or iden or Leia’s daughter speaking at the beginning
im ready
2:32 Hold up...since when TIE fighters have a hyperdrive system?
So this is vr game or not?
Interested in this game, I am.
the intro looks like from destiny
maybe add clone wars also in the future :)
And then they add microtransactions
MAKE BATTLEFRONT 3 EA ‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️
it’s cool but it’s no rogue squadron
battlefront ll a good multiplayer experience , Jedi fallen order a good single player experience , And Star Wars squadron a good starship experience maybe?  If this new game succeeds then EA should take out the best aspects of their 3 past success and as well as building off of their mistakes to make a really good Star Wars Game that we haven’t gotten in a long time. I’m hoping for an at least decent and above average battlefront lll or any type of vast Star Wars game with all the features from the previous games combined and improved upon or maybe I’m putting to much faith in EA, I’ll just wait and see. But I am hyped for this new game and will be taking a look at it
it still looks boring
Tough the graphics are light years from the beloved TIE FIGHTER , tie fighter had a much better game play then this one from the look of  it.
NOOOOOOOOOOOO !!!! the interest in this will be like any other flying "stimulator" .. medium-weak.   They would make some decent FPS where you play the role of a stormtrooper or a rebel (or even a Jedi or a Sith) and playing on beautiful planets by performing missions combined with a moral choice like in RPGs. ............
*Do not keep fucking SW up, dog face pony soldiers* ~Creepy Joe
Rebels: remember why we fly  Me: communist agenda
Where is the B-wing? DLC, again?
This game looks awesome! But the fact that you're locked down on fps view even in single player mode is kind of a turn off. I mean I understand the decision made in favor of a more balanced gameplay But for example looking the footage from a Tie fighter, the cockpit takes almost 40% of the screen real state!   We wont see the epic space fights (I guess VR will be the only option, but now everyone has jumped onto VR yet)  I wish they could implement a FPS view without the cockpit like free space 2 o the arcade game start wars trilogy or any other racing game
texture popping on the orange ship @ 2:19 is jarring...
Hello there flying is for droids
really dumb game lol
Its time,... to destroy the Rebellion! for the Emperor!
The main resaon I buy this:" Vr Support! It will be awesome!
The only thing I wished was different would be co op mode for campaign :(
For the Empire!
Hello there Hera and Wedge.
Ehhhhh Brak słów, EA znowu idzie w strone upadku, najpierw Anthem, teraz te squadrons. Szkoda gadać.
Stories Yes! I love me a good campaign. :) This Awesome Single Player Preview and Jedi Fallen Order are the best! Bravo
Admiral Sloane? Wedge Antilles? Hera Syndulla? Okay, I’m officially excited to see this story play out.
It’s been awhile since the last Star Wars star fighter game though i have to admit the gameplay seems like a more refined version of battlefront 2 starfighter assault. Here’s to hoping EA would actually make a proper story, game and most importantly no micro transactions
Where's the B-Wings????? Seriously. You've got U-Wings, a troop transport, flying missions. Come on give us the bad asses that are B-Wings.
I wonder if the appearance of Hera in this “realistic” styled game means Disney has no plans to cast her in live action.
"This is where the fun begins"  - Anakin Skywalker
2:50 Hera???
I hope some of these characters, and some of these ships, make cameo appearances in The Mandalorian, The Bad Batch, the follow-up to STAR WARS: Rebels, the story about Ezra and Thrawn, and the Ahsoka series. This all seems too cool to limit to just video games...esp. since some of this is depicted in the SW canon books and comics.
It sounds like some political candidate tv ad. “Change our galaxy, for the better”
For me it never comes near the Rouge Squadron Series
Empire: we have death star Rebel: we have star hawk
EYO WEDGE ANTILLES
Anyone else here hate seeing TIEs go to lightspeed, especially during the Original Trilogy era?
No TIE in lore is hyperdrive capable up until TIE Advance and Defender. I do not count Disney SW.
looks worse than STAR WARS Battlefront II
exciting to see Hera post-empire era
Bring it to xbox
I’m ready Leia. Time to send those whiteheads running!
*_Hope this brings a character editor, i want to do a Luke Skywalker-style pilot_** :D*
Wedge!
This looks fantastic, awesome and amazing!!!!!! Unfortunately I can't play because I don't have Xbox or playstation😢please EA make an online version of this game so I download it like SWGOH🙏
OK THAT WAA DEFINETLY HERA SYNDULLA
Rouge Squadron enough said
Star wars is the most milked franchise in the world. It lost its charm
This supposed to be on battlefront, useless company
What is the soundtrack here?
I've boycotted EA for a long time, and I've refused to give them my money. But thank you for making an actual game fans want. And having single player, and no loot boxes of other monetized crap! My first Star Wars game on PC was Tie Fighter. This brings me back.
Whoever decided to open the imagery in a wireframe style (reminiscent of the original STAR WARS arcade game) doing a trench run is a genius.   I see you, savvy marketing team. I see you. You're trying to snag us old fans into this, aren't you? Well, you know what?  It's working.
Loyal imperials don't be intimidated by this rebel propaganda in the empire war is a way of life, conquest is our right and the strongest are entitled to everything they claim. We are the strongest and with that strangth we will tighten our grip on the galaxy, you are all soldiers of the galactic empire. The greatest army to ever rule across the galaxy! Take to your fighters! Charge into the heat of battle and win because now the republic will face the true strength of the empire.
CAPTAIN Syndulla
And now i need an Empire at war 2..
Really happy to see that the Starhawk is going actually see some action
Please let there be references to "Lost Stars..." I really want a sequel and/or adaptation for it on Disney Plus.
Not goona lie, this was disapointing
Once again a failed game made by EA its gonna be like 60.00 just to play single player man i want a good game for starwars not use ty fighters an y wings a good game with a good story i would like a open world game like the last game but a custom starwars character not cal and after the game add bigger city's and planets not 5 planets with limited playable options were all you can do is the same stuff over and over
Can one of the in cockpit bobble heads be George Floyd's dead body and then instead of the mirror dice, a fake $20 bill?
1:28 So jarring - it sounded nothing like Wedge (Lawson/Ackrum), more like ain Imperial officer. Please record a better voice actor that's closer to Wedge's distinct timbre.
of course, all black characters, all women. no white men anymore. fuck EA
Very cool, but will it keep crashing A LOT like Battlefront 2?
I thought there was going to be an imperial version of the sprach then flashes of gameplay then boom
When did empire ties get hyperdrives?
For The Glory Of The Empire!
It's amazing to me how the story for Squadrons actually looks pretty good and seems to show the unrest and conflicts between the New Republic and the remnants of the Empire. The only problem for me is that I thought the new Canon established that the Battle of Jakku was a pretty definitive "end" to the war and the Rebels/New Republic pretty much disarmed immediately after that. I don't know, the new canon's post-ROTJ timeline didn't make much sense to me, although it basically had to find a way to set up A New Hope all fuckin' over again.
Hey Wedge & Hera!
I'm glad this game have a Single Player Story.
Plz don’t be bad     Ain’t making the same mistake,I’ll wait for reviews this time
''You think they want peace? The rebels are terrorists!''  For The Empire !
Mihaly is bac... Oh, wrong universe.
From 0:00 to 1:00 it seems like a military ad telling you to join the fight. Oh the propaganda.
EA After This Reveal: Not to worry, we are still flying half a ship!
Bruh lowkey super hyped
1:52 that’s a b1 bulk freighter!
WEDGE, SLOANE AND HERA!?!??! I just wish the campaign will be quite long
Glory to the Empire!
*Star Wars Battlefront : Squadrons
2:50 - Mom.  I've missed you. ;_;
TIE FIGHTER DON'T HAVE A HYPERDRIVE
When’s the beta?
Oh... it’s beautiful.
I don’t know if it’s just me, but how the characters stand and talk feels like a Skyrim npc
I really hope we have a campaign where we can choose which faction to be apart of. I'm tired of playing a campaign where we're always insurrectional terrorists. I want a full campaign where we're Empire through the whole campaign. Not a convenient switchover to the rebels like what happened in the most predictable campaign in Star Wars Battlefront 2 EA.
0:24 "Yyyeeeaaaahhhhhh...about thhhhaaaat.....
Who will play in VR?
"For years to come"   Too bad all their efforts are destroyed by the First Order since the new republic is blown up in TFA.
"This war can end" ??? The war already ended.. With Palpatine dead and the Death Star II gone. I suppose I just got to accept that the original movies didn't have any lasting consequence.
Game looks like S H I T !
Surprise Hera Syndulla
Why is space so....colorful?  Whatever happened to the Star Wars that I know that had the deep, black starfield that provided a cold and isolated atmosphere?  Thats why Tie Fighter is still the best star wars space simulation game to date.
*DEATH SQUADRON REPORTING*
Just not the same without Carrie Fisher.
Hera!!
WE WANT BATTLEFRONT 3
WEDGE! I’m here for this.
"This is where the fun begins"
Haha "One of our spies, Agent Thorne," she says lol as if ANY military would give the name, (and image,) of one of their deep undercover agent "spies" to a group of Imperial Navy pilots during a mission briefing. 🤣 (A military wouldn't even use an undercover agent's "code name" so, don't try using that in some feeble argument against my point.)  A mission brief is to give the participants as much BASIC information as possible, it's a basis called, "need-to-know," lol and it's for the purposes of carrying out orders with maximal efficiency and effectiveness, doxxing the personal information about one of their spies would NEVER fall into such categories. "One of our spies," is sufficient enough.   (Just ask Mon Mothma, who only gave the Rebel pilots the information that the spies who discovered the, "Emperor was overseeing final construction phases aboard the second Death Star personally," were Bothans by referencing, "Many Bothan spies," and only because they, "died to bring us the information.")  That's just something military's tend to avoid doing, typically. Hilarious that the game developers would so woefully overlook that.  All that being said, it looks amazing as ever. 👍 (Great to hear Vanessa Marshall's voice, too. Even if it is just one line.)
Hold up. I haven't read Aftermath in a while and don't know where in the timeline this is, but isn't Wedge part of Phantom Squadron now and not Rogue Squadron?
I'm ready to fight, with every fiber of my being for the Empire.
Wait a minute, Ties can’t jump to hyperspace
Are we gonna fly alongside Corona/Blade/Phantom/Alphabet squadrons?
Did Wedge always have an Irish accent or
shit graphics, looks like arcadey gameplay
Glad they're using the Legends New Republic Insignia
Star Citizen?
This gave me chills.  Especially when the nadiri starhawk engaged it’s tractor beam
Don't know... I think Chorus will be a better shooter... no 3rd person camera? 😔
This is where the fun begins!
I’m so excited for this game!
X-Wing vs TIE fighter remastered, nothing new 25 years later... LucasArts I  miss youu
Admiral Rae Sloane, General Hera Syndulla, the Starhawks first visual apperance in media, YES!!!! The game needs ground combats like the ones in the Rogue Squadron Trilogy.
Can you play third person?
sorry but my money goes to cold war
is it gonna  be cheaters-friendly as BF2?
I hope this game turns out good as it looks
We better be allowed to play as Porkins! Nothing beats blasting TIE Fighters while trying to eat a cheeseburger and fries xD
I am unbelievably stoked for this game 🤘🏼🤘🏼
How can you be happy with making a star was space sim with 8 star fighters... You could have at least added a B-wing or a TIE Defender? You copied the functions from the older games with the power distribution so just add the ships in as well. We all know you terrible at making games *cough* re-making old tiles badly, see video above *cough* so you should just copy them out right. I really want to buy this game but honestly its lacking compared to the Lucas Arts titles and lets be honest you will probably kill this game in a year. (RIP Battlefield V, Battlefront 2 (EA Edition))
Isn't Hosnian Prime the capital of the New Republic?
i also love how all this looks, but i must once again warn everyone: this is ea, be careful, be cautious, wait until after launch to buy, DONT PREORDER, if its good, even i will buy it, but dont fall for one of their traps again
At 1:15, did anyone else notice that the star destroyers bridge is WAY too big for its body? Looks like a fetus imo  If they dont fix it, hope its not evidence of a rush job. In gameplay anyway, the models look more or less accurate and high quality enough
sorry why the fuck did a tie fighter just tokyo drift and then go into hyperspace? do yall even know anything about the shit you are making
This would be perfect game for VR
I don't think that that rear, ventral, twin turbolaser on the Corellian Corvette is consistent with any other appearance of the CR90 ;-)
This is Red 2 signing in
Yes, yes, _but where's my Imperial propaganda?_
whaaat Wedge is not black or asian?! Pass
Okay, now I’m ready to see the Imperial version of the trailer.
'This is where the fun begins' is going to get spammed so hard before every game in chat.
Did Denis Lawson lend his voice as Wedge Antilles, please say it was so!!! Also Wedge flying at 2:38 in the middle of the destroyer
Betting the Imperial pilot will defect after 2 missions
I bet it ends with either A) bad guy switches sides B) bad guys lose
So glad we get to see Sloane again and Hosnian Prime
se ve mas realista el de gamecube porqué ese diseño artístico comic?
EA touched it, already failed
WE NEED HOTAS SUPPORT FOR PS4 PSVR AND CONSOLES AGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHH.
What the fuck. I thought tie fighters couldn't go into hyperspace.
Reboot lore? Hard pass.
Been replaying TIE Fighter while I wait for this... the game holds up remarkably well, big shoes to fill.
my allegiance is to the empire
My HOTAS is ready.
👍🏻
HERA SYNDULLA!!!!
FUCK YES HERA.
This is bringing back so many great memories of X-Wing to me. I can't believe I had to wait decades for this. But it's coming soon and in VR! Oh joy!!!
Wait, is this game going to be a VR only game?
A surprise to be sure but a welcome one
So long as they don't make the imperial change sides in the second or third mission, like every other star wars game with imperials. I still remember Battlefront 2....
looks like ass
1:08 YO HOLY SHIT THERE SHE IS
100,000 credits to unlock X-Wing! $20 to unlock skills! It's gonna be great! (lololol)
This looks awesome. Can’t wait to play this. I’ve been dreaming of a game like this since 1988.
Isn't that balance of power a bit whack? Some tie-fighters, a gladius, and a couple of gozanti against all of that? Even ace pilots wouldn't tip that balance even in a quick raid.
Woke trash.
But will the SP story take longer than a few days to finish, or take only a few hours? I miss the days when games were the former, not the latter.
i mean its gonna get 1000 options here-
"The empire lives on" STAR WARS AFTERMATH WAS RIGHT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I’m worried that this game will die quick with a short single player and only six maps for multi player.. please give this game more DLC maps I’m happy to pay and support this game
Sjwtar Wars Femsquadrons
I love the WWII style propaganda at the beginning
2:32 not to be that guy, but I thought TIE fighters didn't have hyperdrive
Leia: It was their bravery that ended Palpatine's reign Me: Oh, you bastards
Not a good sign when in the preview it looks kinda jank
Also a shield generator that isn’t a sensor dome or power generator!!!
I WOULD DIE FOR RAE SLOANE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! And in this game I probably will get the chance to bc I'm bad at vidya.
I spy with my little eye TIE fighters with hyperdrives.  Sigh.
Define the galaxy for years to come? Lol, kinda hard to do that when Disney mandates that nothing ever changes in the SW universe and every victory lasts a couple of years before it's the empire vs the rebellion again, just with different names. Gameplay looks rough, if they're intent on launching in Feb, I expect there to be a ton of horror crunch stories a couple months later.
Leia: "But the galaxy is changing" Abrams writing the new Star Wars movie: "Pretty sure it isn't"
1:47 fix those ties popping from nowhere
Why are recent games laden with so much CRINGY dialogue. "TITAN" Squadron ? Like we havent heard that word reused 10 000 times in sci fi.
CLICHE DIALOGUE. Hire a new writer.
Sooooo TIE Fighters now have hyperdrives...
Those ISD bridges are way too big
these characters look like they're from some need for speed game
Opening cinematic looked awesome and the addition of the XQ platform was nice too! Just don't forget to put up that landing gear! The Gozantis have em still down!
*"EMPIRE! EMPIRE! EMPIRE!"*
No clone wars, no game
Probably one of the worst directed Trailers I have seen. Wow that first 60s was insanely boring.
SJW game
How did the Imperial Remnant managed to sustain themselves and what happened to Kuat Drive Yards both of these in Legends? In canon the Remnant is not as strong as it was in legends there werent many options for them in this new timeline. Right now we might get another good thing of this canon with this.
HERA
2:45 so they get kit harrington but only use his voice instead of scanning him?
Hell yeah get to see some Hera booty in HD VR
I don't wanna nitpick, but why do they show a trench run in the destruction of the second death star? And the proton torpedoes? Is it a metaphorical trench run or something?
Cant wait to waste some rebel scum
Meanwhile, a little Ben Solo is out there crushing the skulls of innocent animals in his dreams as an infant, while Palpatine watches and cackles in a rocking chair in his mind.
Me watching the first part of the video:  "Smells like Rebel scum propoganda to me"
I am siding with the Empire
Its single player which is great
I was hoping for other eras as well. Oh well.
Where is jedi II ?  U idiots....
is that ship at 3:07 the ghost?
Why do you suck my money out of my pockets Star Wars?
I have a good feeling that this game will be as good as jedi: fallen order
|-●-|         |-●-|         (-●-)           >-¤-<
I swear to god if the imperial soldier defects to the rebels in the 3rd mission I'm going to be unhappy.
Wedge Antilles!   Yay!   Yub yub, Commander!
Wedge's voice actor is 1000000% brynjolf from the thieves guild you can't tell me otherwise
Hunka hunka burnin' narrative producer
Seems like a waste.. flying in battlefront 2 seems better in some ways already.. and that game is years old!  lol just make more bf games
"this is brilliant" * points at car with squadrons on * "But I like this" * points at car with battlefront 3 on *
Meh.
*See's a TIE Fighter jump to hyperspace* HOL' UP!
when I see the part where you defend the ship  me: memories of tie fighter and x wing intensifying
I refuse to get hyped for this game because EA exists
This looks really really good, but I have to ask, why aren’t the other eras of Star Wars getting this great treatment in your game?
I would like to play a new star wars game but i hate EA and the new Disney Star wars...
where is battle of endor and deathstar map. it feels lack of content with 10 maps 5 planes etc. battlefront 2 try to cover after return of jedi and failed. why this game not cover events and yet again try to cover after events. also where is exacutor class ship. only 1 stardestroyer not fun. who need uwings when have bwings.  battlefront 2 also have new era and clonewars ships how this game dfeat that withn one era realy risky. is there gonna be mod support or splitscreen like battlefront 2 etc.
I hope this comes out on Oculus Quest some point in the future that’d be sick
Hera!!
“Ah yes, the negotiator!”
Wedge, Hera what else we want? This game has everything to be the game of this not so good year. Already reserve it, and just waiting the day to play
Actually Anakin ended palpatine rule but other than that game looks cool
HE SAID ROGUE SQUADRON!!!  POST-ENDOR ROGUE SQUADRON IS CANON ONCE MORE!!!  I'M LOSING MY SH*T HERE!!!!!
Stay away I don't want you in my sims 4 game
I'm a bit on the fence, but if the game has a compelling story, engaging gameplay, and enough depth to start sinking my hours into the multiplayer, I'm more than satisfied. Each trailer makes me more and more excited.
Ehm.. please, star wars fighters does not fully strafe nor drift. What we saw in episode vii  was already too much even for that universe physics, what I am seeing since the 1st trailer just makes me think "please, don't do it". The last game I remembrr having the 180° turn was h.a.w.x.; ok, a certain amount of drift could be both cool & physically correct (pass me this, nothing is realistic in the usual SW physics), but no Z targeting moving over a sphere, no 180° turn, really, please
I wish the speech in the beginning was told by both the new republic and the empire point of view
SLOANEEEE AAAAAAAAAAA
I loved the animated sequence at the beginning of the video
Just so you know in the first mission as the empire your commander switches sides and betrays you 😂
"Wedge Antilles, Rogue Squadron." WOO ROGUE SQUADRON IS CANON AGAIN, BITCHES!
Love the full VR support!
Going to get this off of ea access
hera sold me
2:51 I know, but General Syndulla, you agree with me? The U-Wing is not a starfighter.
That track at the end brings memories of X-Wing on PC...and Peter Griffith singing it in Blue Harvest lol.
Star wars space simulator 2020
Great plot twist would be if grand admiral thrawn came back from the unknown regions and we got parts of the heir to the empire storyline in this game
Ah shit, Wedge is here?! And he's got a film appropriate obviously a Scotsman faking an American accent?!
Please don’t make it 2 missions on Empire and 200000000 missions on Rebel’s side.
Id rather pay for bf2 content than this crap
So at the end of this game, after the new republic finally defeats the empire completely, the new republic grows and thrives for at least a couple of centuries because the empire and all its assets are destroyed and the emporer is completely dead because Vader killed him.
and the separatists and the la Repubblica are done !?
This is all Rebel Propaganda
Grand Admiral Thrawn or nothing
*watches a Tie Fighter escape using hyperdrive* Me: WAIT THAT'S ILEGAL
I remain skeptical, fool me once shame on you, fool me 7 or more times shame on me.
StarwarsBF2s campaign should have been about the grunts on the ground in the different time periods during these conflicts. But NO! We got a story about an "ELITE" Stormtrooper commander who not only betrayed the empire but defected into the ranks of the rebellion many of whom she is directly and indirectly responsible for hundreds if not thousands of rebel casualties!
2:33  "hold up"
BF3 for PS5.!!!
Nest trailer needs an Imperial speech in the same style
_"All wings report in."_  Hell, yeah! Standing by to strap myself into the cockpit of my good ol' BTL-A4 Y-wing to kick some Imperial ass!  Also, A/SF-01 B-wing and TIE/rb when?
Disney hates white men LOL. PASS!
I hope you can play as the Empire I hate the Rebels 😂
The star hawk at the end amazing
Agent thorn?
Is that really Cary Fisher’s voice?
I'm looking foward to this😍👌🏼 already pre oredered  My newww Empire😍
Still bothered that they say a squadron is 5 when it should be 12 but wedge is in so I'm happy
前が見えん！😁
The Star Wars games are going in a very good direction. I’ve always wanted a game of the journeys of a padowan during the clone wars. This game would play like Jedi: Fallen Order and have a huge single player story but could possibly play multiplayer. You would start by picking what species you would want to be like a Twi’lek, human, zabrak or whatever with different species having different attributes. The first scene would be a Jedi coming to your home world and taking you from your family, similar like what we seen with Plo Koon with Ashoka. Your journey would start as a young child trying to awaken the force sensitivity in you by completely various trials. You will be in a group of other individuals with higher and lower midichlorian counts than you so some will be stronger and some will be weaker. It’s then up to you try and impress your teacher whether it’s Yoda or Tera Sinube. To further strengthen your knowledge, you can go to the Jedi library to learn new skills and abilities or help others do tasks like catching criminals in the coruscant underworld. You will be able to decide what lightsaber form you will choose, what colour blade and how you construct your lightsaber and many others. Once your finally ready you will attempt your padowan trials but you don’t really fit in with all the other younglings and don’t really talk and seem to be the weakest in the group. Your also quite arrogant and seek around from time to time. You do your trails and if you pass, you will be approached by a Jedi knight or master. You’ll be taken under there wing and fight along side them and their battalion of clones in which you will have a good relationship with. You’ll train with your master and fight many battles until it’s time for you to face the Jedi knight trails and to be knighted. By now, you can now go on special task force missions like assisting the bad batch or the clone commandos, assassination attempts on dooku, grievous, ventress, etc with other Jedi, try hunting down bounty hunters like Cad Bane or even track down Maul. From here you have a choice to either take the path of a Jedi consular, a Jedi guardian or a Jedi sentinel . The Jedi consular path will require you to choose a padowan and teach it and bring it along with you with your new clone legion assigned to you. Here you will be able to discover new and mysterious force abilities depending on which species you pick for example, a Nautolan could strengthen his/her ability to use to force underwater. The Jedi Guardian path will also require you to take a padowan and get a clone legion assigned to you. You will be heavily involved in the war and you will look to get on the council and be granted the rank of Jedi master. The Jedi sentinel will be tasked to settle down on one planetary system for a while to protect the local villages from separatist activity, pirates and bounty hunters. You will also temporarily be a Jedi temple guard in which you would maintain order in coruscant, protect the Jedi younglings and protect the Jedi temple from intruders. And from here, it’ll be around half way through the clone wars and you’ll face the rest of the war with endgame style hard difficult missions and the ending will be order 66. Only elite players will survive and you only have one chance to survive so you best be prepared. If you choose the Jedi guardian or consular path, you’ll be returning home on a venator to coruscant similar to Ashoka and you’ll have to get a ship and escape with your whole clone regiment trying to kill you. If you choose the Jedi sentinel path, you’ll be assigned to protect the Jedi temple from Anakin and the 501st marching in. Here you’ll have to save younglings and try to battle of Anakin and making a haste escape into coruscant underworld before he gets the best of you. This game would take years and years to make but it would be something I’d wait for. It should play similarly to Jedi the fallen order and would be a very long game to complete with loads of side missions and consumables to collect. The lobby would be the Jedi temple and you can search the temple to expand your knowledge and interact with other Jedi masters and knights and do side missions or take lessons from them. This game will allow you to have multiple save files so you have different builds for different play styles
Cadê o Trailer de The Mandalorian?
Thrawn!! ?  As in Grand Admiral Thrawn ? :O
Seeing Sloan makes me so happy! I love the aftermath trilogy I hope we see Timmin and the battle of Jakku as well
0:20 “ended palatines reign”     So who’s gonna tell them?
Leia is such a Perfect leader she really gives everyone hope
Ngl i wanna sign up for the New Republic now🤭
Hera is still alive
You just added a new meaning to Virtual Reality... <3 I'm going to literally be a new pilot seated there, pewpewing a Star Destroyer ... yeaaaahh
Just want to customize my character
The only Star Wars game I’ve every been not exited for
Gotta love another half ass EA Game! Can't wait to spend my money on the game and be disappointed!
Another trailer?!
Oh Hi Hera.
2:43 dude sounds like Jon Snow
I hope we won't change sides in the 3rd mission of Imperial Campaign like the SWBF2
Where are the Jon Snow comments?
Yeet
So pumped to play this in VR!
I have one simple request.  An optional 3rd person perspective.  I hate 1st person flying games.
It’s awesome I’m happy I per order it lets gooo
It would be really cool if we would be alle to play the whole saga
Почему в игре графика такая всратая, 2020 год на дворе алё?!
Wait was that actually Hera Sindulia???
Kinda weird to see a black woman as an imperial officer. A faction that is supposed to be an analogy of fascism and therefore should be mysoginistic and racist.
MY MAN WEDGE
Dat holographic imperial officer. XDXD cant take this game seriously
Can't believe I'm saying this... but this looks REALLY FUCKING GOOD...   I really hope its good...
Battlefront 2.1v
Ironic that they say make tha galaxy better when in fact the new republic might have made the galaxy a worse place to live
I hate ea they ruined the release date for lego skywalker saga
Holy cow, this game really is an homage to the old xwing series.
2:10 Did a corvette arrive from hyperspace *into* another corvette?! Freeze-frame: https://1drv.ms/u/s!Ak6MVrwH4oQphcI-ceZVmhbp4i-_sQ?e=EZ9jMw
The Empire did nothing wrong.
Meh
DANG SOUNDS SO MUCH LIKE CARRIE FISHER!
That Hera model looks fantastic.
💜  #EAStarWars  #StarWarsSquadrons
Was that the voice of Kit Harington at 02:44?
So Wedge has a Scottish accent now?
God NO ONE WANTS TO HEAR SOMEONE TALK ABOUT A GAME. Just show a trailer and get us immersed ffs
I'm easily buying this
When Wedge introduced himself as a part of Rogue Squadron it makes me hyped his stories will be re-explored one day!
Are you flying a TIE Brute in this mission? Where’s the extra laser fire coming from?
this shit better have 3rd person view
I wish they did clone wars
My PSVR is ready.
Graphic quality seems to be not very vell
Well well well what we have here
I'm just so happy. This looks like the X-Wing/TIE Fighter game I've been dreaming of since the 90s ones!
Ok this is epic
Yeah yeah okay where is Battlefront 3
Star Wars squadron looks fantastic
Anakin really brought balance to the force
Hope to see the B-wing on the game
Please dont ruin this ea
Ace Combat Star Wars Squadrons Top Gun
nice a 5 hour tutorial skin as a campaign, ea did it again
Looks good
Meh. An easy pass for me.
"Brought about the end of palpatine reign" yeah aaabbouut that
Holy diversity!
STARHAWK
"my anticipation for this game has doubled since the last time you posted a trailer EA"
SOLD! Grand Admiral Rae Sloane AND Hera Syndulla?! Gozanti class Cruisers dual campaign branches. Im in. The character models look fantastic too and this is a ship based game!
Awesome motion graphics
That Leia sequence was done really well
Leia's speech at the beginning is so good! Maybe short but definitely looking forward to the campaign.
I love Star Wars, but I don't get the hype. It seems like a somewhat tweaked version of Battlefront 2 gameplay. Don't get me wrong, Battlefront 2 space combat was excellent.
no republic and separatist wtf
Ok those transition in the beginning were very hot
2:33 Why does this tie-fighter have hyperdrive?
Oh Hera
Fuck disney timeline, fuck the new republic, fuck the forced diverse "empire". Fuck all this shit, enough with it already. You had a great opportunity to drove back the derailed Star Wars to it's glory days and you continue with this sjw bs. Not buying this that's for sure.
Holy shit that speech at the start made me ask myself: Where do I enlist my ass?
Hera!,,
I love how the beginning is new republic propaganda couldn’t have been better
This is where the fun begins
Join my ranks and together we can accomplish the secrets of the dark side
Omg hearing that combat music at the end brought tears to my eyes.
1:13 wasn’t Sloane a Grand Admiral or I’m getting confused with the timelines because she was when she joined Gallius Rax’s shadow collective council?
i dunno if its gonna be a long enough game, using the example of compare to fallen order, battlefront, and the old republic. i get far more gameplay from the MMORPG, yet since this comes out on my birthday I have no choice to play it. i just hope it plays longer than the 25hours it took me to finish jedi. you must realize this war has been ongoing for many thousands of years.
For how much longer are you gonna drag the OT era?
Teared up in the first minute
Woah was that Hera from Star Wars Rebels?!?!?!?!?
SERIES X= NATIVE 4K HDR 60FPS PS5= 4K 30FPS
EA, please provide preset button maps for VKB and VIRPL joysticks.  VKB Gunfighter Mk.III Modern Combat Edition with twist for example.  Thrustmaster T16000m FCS HOTAS also.  They are very popular in Star Citizen and Elite Dangerous games which are all 99% guaranteed customers .  It also needs to work flawlessly with the Index and Vive headsets.
Hay un poco de juego en tu mierda progre🤢🤮
Looks like more Disney garbage to me.
This feels like a proper PC space sim, finally Star Wars is coming home where it belongs.  First game I've ever pre-ordered since the sad thing called Diablo 3, and first EA game I will buy in a decade.  Do not disappoint me EA.  Strong VR and HOTAS options are key at launch.
Stay on target, Stay On TARGET!!!
use the forced diversity luke...
Since when do tie fighters have hyperspace capability???
OMG
Is it like frag pro shooter
Wedge daddy yes
Im sooooo exiteeeed!!!!!
The ONLY sequel in my head cannon.  The movies should’ve been about the new republic fighting the shattered Imperial remnants
To those who think that the tie fighter jumped to hyperspace, it didn’t, it simply attached to a gazanti cruiser who then jumped to hyperspace with it.
ROGUE SQUADRON IS BACK BABY!  FINALLY
My boy Wedge is here!!!
Seeing the original Rogue Squadron mission briefing screen referenced at 1:37 is the best thing, hopefully it sticks around for actual gameplay
0:24 Well yes but no. Makes me sad knowing that The New Republic is only gonna be blown up by Starkiller Base anyway.
So can’t we have a beta for us pre-orders?
Wedge with Rogue Squadron <3 , a (newcanon) dream made true!
Come on!! Where are the Immobilizer Interdictor Cruisers?!?
Eww, new republic propaganda
why am i crying
HERAAAAA OMGGG I hope we get a little nod to kanan her saying something a little small a
10 minutes later: 685 things you missed in the new trailer
So is no one going to talk at 2:33 his TIE fighter went through hyperspace? Also are we not getting any more vehicles like B-wing?
Wedge is part of Rogue Squadron!!! Not that rubbish Phantom squadron from those lacking Chuck Wendig books.
Looks like they improved the graphics since the last trailer, looking great!  Now give us a Battlefront 3 announcement 😎
Still need B Wings
The more I see the more of this game, I'm disappointed about BF2 canned for this game, wpuldve preferred a BF3 with Space to Ground battles and not to mention that Hera looks god awful, given that this game is set after EP6, if this game doesn't have Clone Wars or OG trilogy content as DLC as some point I don't see this game lasting long
I hear clone pilot hawk will be in here is this true?
HERA!!!!!
CHILLS
I want clone wars stop spitting on prequels fans I'm sick of it
Are you sure that tie fighter has a hyperdrive?
Looks great! However, how come those TIE Fighters were able to jump to Lightspeed at 2:32?
That’s a good Carrie Impression.
Can’t wait to play as a Tiefighter pilot
EA PLEASE PUT SOME DEVS BACK ON BATTLEFRONT 2 WE NEED MORE CONTENT THE GAME HAS SO MUCH POTENTIAL
I better see NIEN NUMB in this game 😤
Omg I love you now EA
My six month old puppy is named after Hera so I’m really stoked to see her 😁 this in vr is gonna be possibly the most immersive Star Wars experience ever I’m beyond hyped
SLOANE!!!!!!
That intro speech was inspiring as hell!
Unless I'm reading this wrong, it looks like there'll be potentially MULTIPLE missions involving the legendary Rogue Squadron.
I'm really excited :) I have already pre-ordered it weeks ago
OH shit!
ah i miss the Princess, RIP
Leia's speech was beautiful <3 now I want to be part of the new republic
So pumped!!!!!
Star Wars: Diversity
Long live the Empire!
Cool
I was hoping for Mando 2, why are you here.
Was i the pony one that heard solane sa Agent Thrawn?
My VR headset is ready.  I cant wait
Empire did nothing wrong
Looks really good, but sucks it won't have 3rd person view
Like ♥️
Thats gonna' bei sick
''The Empire chose to destroy Alderaan to spread fear'' Like Jedha and Scarif werent enough to make people fear of a giant planet destroyer space station XD
I still can't tell if this is finally going to be a worthy successor to the old X-Wing and Tie Figher games, or another massive disappointment like the various over-simplified arcade games that followed.
We all choose our path, except badass imperial protagonists
I have a good feeling about this
Rebel propaganda
I'll try drifting that's a good trick!
as a kid playing the original battlefronts- the flying missions were the worst. and no one asked for a continuation of iden versio, she’s the lamest character you could’ve added to battlefront II which in turn ruined the campaign. as a kid hoping for the 3rd battlefront to come out soon, i’ve only received the more recent star wars battlefront games and now this. so much potential but wasted, disappointing!
That Rebel propaganda is sickening.
Hello there
THIS LOOKS SO GOOD
If the player chooses the New Republic side, then the story timeline will be real but, if the player sided with the Empire, then the story will have an alternate timeline. Which side do you want to be? Put on the comment section below to join with your squadron.
This looks really  really good. Just know the word "microtransactions" is a poison pill for me in your games EA. I know just how toxic you can be
Y que paso de star was galay of heroes
THIS IS AMAZING !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I hope the pilot on the empire's side will stay with them and not convert to the rebels. It'd be nice to see someone you play die at the end.
suprise to be sure but a welcome one
fucking pog
Ehhhhhhhh looks like one of those games that i won’t be able to decide if i do or dont like it until actually play jt
This takes me back to Rogue Leader. Can't wait for the game.
Honestly I think we're all looking for BF3 to be open world, where you can go to many planets at any time, completely online with around 60 players each lobby, like gta online for example but with better modes and less toxicity.  Think about how awesome that could be, one minute you're on Kamino, the next Mustafar, and you can play different modes with friends.
This isn’t Battlefront 3
I would have love if this game had 50 vs 50 online battle scenarios recreating all of the major Star Wars flight battles.
Bring back battlefront 2 support please!
Dieser Kommentar dient nur dazu Maestro glücklich zu machen
Man, I wan tthis game...
EA, please add an offline Galactic assault to bf2 Make a new battlefront with the KOTOR and Sith empire era
❤️❤️
About damn time that Wedge make a comeback!
finally, the starhawk gets some love
Wedge Antilles and Hera Sindulla my guys 💪
Hera and Wedge, that's it, that's my comment.
God, I hope they incorporate this into battlefront 3
Where tha falcon tho
Hera!!!!
,,Empire lives on" Palpatine also
Hell yeah. Any New Republic era content is good content. Now all we need is Mando S2!
My favorite thing from this trailer is seeing that the trandoshan guy has a normal ANH/ESB flight helmet. If we can get trandos as a customization option, I was really hoping for that.
Palpatine survived and builds the Final Order on Exegol
2:50 Hera!
I choose the light side
This isn’t the Mandalorian trailer
Another histroy star wars gamę which can give us New informatioms about star wars universe
So! How far into the Imperial Campaign do we think we'll turn traitor?
This is great! But we need more BATTLEFRONT II
And then you realize Jedi fallen order II is coming too
Gotta say: Love it more any time i watch new material of it. Was about time for a new TIE-Fighter-/X-Wing-like-game.
all i want is a star wars game where you can walk innside a star destroyer/venator/rebel cruiser/or home one and fully explore these capital ships, then walk into a ship and fly out, inn space and land on a planet, but nah EA cant make video games. Just lame space only fighter crap
I really like how they made the first minute of the video graphically Really excited for this game!
Amazing 😍😍😍😍😍 can't wait
Just bring Battlefront 2 back!!
Black ops Cold War and Star Wars squadron trailers have been beyond impressive.
EA make a better Battlefront
This Game just get more and more amazing looking with each trailer! I can’t wait for October! Also Was that Kit Harrington as an Imperial Tie Pilot?????
laser show in the vacuum of space....in far far away...
It was a rebel’s fault that turn the empire into a pure dark empire
Give us back Battlefront 2
*Sees Tie Fighter jump to hyper space and have shield generators.   SCREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
I have a very good feeling about this, looks like they're bringing back the old XQ Platforms as well
This is such a step backwards from BF2 in so many ways.... what a hollow turd this looks like.
Interesting style for the introduction cutscene.  Also good to know that character actualy was sloane
HERA MY GIRL!!
I mean you call the new republic heroes I call em terrorists. I await October second so I may crush the rebel scum like the insects they are. Long live the empire
TIES CANT GO INTO HYPERSPACE WHAT IS THIS
Strange. I never knew the Empire was an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity employer...
Looks pretty cool 😎 but sadly I more excited for call of duty black ops cold war this year
What's all this Rebel propaganda on my screen
Another happy landing
Guys this is good and all but they need to make a Battlefront 3 like come on, we need New Battlefront games to keep the Community alive am I right?
Ehhh boring
Oh My God Oh My God I Loving 😍 This  New Star Wars Video Game 🕹🎮 Coming  This October, 2  Friday  2020
Epic! Can’t wait
The New Republic 🤮
SLOANE
WE WANT AN OPEN WORLD STAR WARS GAME.
It seems like it will be fun on console and pc, but it’s going to be awesome on vr!
Бомба
Star Wars: Republic Commando 2, Star Wars: The Force Unleashed 3, Star Wars: Battlefront 3, Star Wars: 1313 and Star Wars: Maul please!
Not going to waste my money on another EA game that you will make unplayable over time and destroy at the end.
That T.I.E Fighter Attack score at the end was SICK.
Hello there!!!
Yall better watch your backs Red squadron comin at u 😎
I'll try spinning in this game because that is a good trick..
May the force be with you.....everyone
I hope we see some MC85 Star Cruisers
I just want to fly the millennium falcon in this game
Here before 22 views
Already pre-ordered. Can't wait to play the campaign, really connected with the canon again!!
Uuh... Did it really show an Empire TIE Fighter use hyper space? EA *does* know the TIE didnt have shields or hyper drives, right?
nice
So glad to see Sloane and Hera, getting some love, really great characters.
Try spinning that's a good trick
But when is open beta?
Dżedajka czekamy na post
What about Battlefront
I am very exited for this game
Uhh, that's not wedge...
Does anyone know when the open betas coming
Last time I was this early, Palpatine was the senate. Wait-
Still can’t believe they killed Battlefront 2 for this. Especially since Starfighter assault in Battlefront seems way better than this and more fun.
Wow esto es completamente épico
I thought tie fighters didnt have a hyperdrive?
Nice
That music at the end got me pumped! Can’t wait to play this!
Yo!!! This is awesome!!!
No one wants a flying game
Learn more here: https://www.ea.com/games/starwars/squadrons/news/pilot-briefing-opening-night-live-recap
HERA : D
What's about the Droid attack on the wookies?
I can't wait! It looks amazing
Hosnian Prime. Very Cool.
Rebel Propaganda 0:01 - 1:02 dont watch
People if you like this comment      I will be a liked comment   Gaming
Palpatin survives and is the grandpa of Rey. If I spoiled the movie for you you deserve it cuz you had enough time to watch it.
Great trailer, I enjoyed it
This is what we get instead of project rag tag which is supposed to be like Star Wars 1313 and Uncharted combined...
It's amazing
This game has a lot of potential to be another great game.
This is where the fun begins.
YYEEEESSSS A NEW TRAILER im soo hyped for thios game
Here before 5k veiws
This os f*cking anwesome❤️
WOOOOO
Battlefront3 plz,,,,
Yaaaaaaay
Nice!!! God job EA💯💯💯
22nd
Can't wait to get Phoenix Squadroned all the time LOL
0:24 Sequels: of course, of course...   Of course.
who’s watching this while in class
This is where the fun begins...
Battlefront 2 !!!!!!!!! Where are you my brothers!!
Wow. Epic Trailer.
Why is it always a single sector that will determine the fate of the New Republic?????
For all People who are waiting for the game: 🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪
Yay I’m ready who’s ready I’m ready
Early
*"A surprise to be sure, but a welcome one."* - The Senate
Yo I deleted my Star Wars battlefront 2 data man🤦
This is going to be the best game to play as all the people like star fighter game mode
I have to say, I know this campaign is relatively short, but I have been hungry for a new Star Wars singleplayer experience. I'm excited.
The dark side of the force is a pathway to many abilities, some considered to be unatural
Can i get some subscribers im a new youtuber and i need help growing.
Amazing!!!!
First
End palpatine's reign?   *HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA*
Finally more content for this beautiful and emersive game
It looks good! However, they still need to bring back Battlefront 2 or make a 3rd one
Gotta say      Kinda gaming
HERA!!!!
39th
I'm - first... In the comments
I hope the story doesn't tie in with the sequel trilogy
Ey 22nd
This wouldve been better with the CIS
This is where the fun begins
Anyone else want a kotor remake?
Yeet, admiral Sloane! Wonder if we'll see gallius rax
*asteroid field intensifies*
Can't wait
I guess I’m third 😂
A surprise to be sure, but a welcome one.
This is where the fun begins!
yes
So I'm early
where is Babu Frick?
I've been looking forward to this.
See you guys in 2027 when this gets recommended to us
Well, this is just where the fun begins.
bruh epic gamer
Omg
I want SWBF3
First
Hi
We want battlefront 2 back
❤️
Woah
Trash show us mando season 2
Battlefront 3 make it happen
This looks epic
Dope!!!
Yes
Do it.
Wow
First
Early gang
first
