There is a theory that Adam was an Archangel which is why he was so difficult for Alastor to beat. He is very overpowered even in episode 1 when he had the meeting with Charlie. He was a hologram the whole time but he became tangible when he wanted to. Despite being an archangel, Adam was no match for Lucifer. Lucifer is a seraphim who has been in hell since its creation and he probably absorbed all of that power amassing there with every sinner that ended up in the pride ring. I wonder if there are more archangels in heaven like Micheal or Gabriel.
Adam going to hell would be a good point for Hazbin Hotel. While Charlie wants to rehabilitate sinners so they can go to heaven, I think the ultimate goal of the hotel would be a place for respite of the tortured souls being good becoming a virtue and not the moral dessert of going to Heaven. Because if Charlie can rehabilitate Adam and eventually make him want to stay in hell than go back in heaven then it puts the two realms closer.
I’d like to see the Adam become the inverse of Pentious. It would give more weight to the idea souls can change, not just for good, but evil too. Maybe even Adam joining the hotel reluctantly to try to get back to heaven. But Lilith being in heaven explains why Lucifer doesn’t want to meet with them and had Charlie do it instead.
I don't think Adam is fully dead I think he will most likely come back  and team up with other villains like the vees
What if Charlie met Lilith in heaven?…
It didn't say when it happened but it happened because in one meeting charile said lucifer said "oh so don't you go and kill everyone" as a joke but the angel or seraphim in the meeting thook it literally
Some one noticed that adams death seems a little like William aftons from the fnaf movie and I also noticed like how they mock there enemys before getting stabbed
I knew that she would kill Adam and loved that Nifty did😂 she is in my top 5 for a reason😂
I thought Sir, Pentious death was quite fitting and hilarious😂
I doubt Lilith is going to be that much of a threat she seems to be hands off Eve on the other hand is likely going to be the villian behind the scenes and it will be interesting to see her roll as she's the only one we haven't seen yet
Little detail : If you look closely at lucifers hand you might see a ring, it might we a wedding ring from Lucifers and liliths wedding even if they never seen each other for years lucifer still wears it.
Lilith isn’t ever a good person. Lilith represents an independent woman who hates being told what to do. She’s seen carrying the serpent. For she controls even the serpent (Lucifer). She has a way with words, and uses her body to get whatever she wants.   She fell from paradise due to her love affair with Lucifer, and was tasked to entertain the damned. She got tired of that after trying to rebel, and worked to get her rightful place in Heaven back. She pulled a lot of strings. Probably like making sure Lucifer can never return. Lilith coming back to Heaven angered Adam. So Adam secretly took his frustrations out on the condemned through the exterminations. When Adam got out of control she made sure he’d die in the next extermination. That’s why Lute said the deal is done. Adam is dead. She’s the leader.   Lilith had her daughter Charlie born to fill her spot in Hell. To send her on a supposedly pointless quest to redeem souls as she is groomed to be the new queen. Now that Charlie managed to get a soul into Heaven instead of being separate forever Lilith is forced to stop her own daughter.   This is when Charlie will learn the horrible truth about her mom. Her father was seduced by the first woman. Hell, giving Eve the fruit could’ve been Lilith’s idea too. Lucifer simply handed Eve the fruit of knowledge.
She's only struggling against him cuz she dusnt like fighting . She is stronger then him. See it when she gets serious and grape his punch that was amed at her dad. Also with her mum am stuck on that as well am gd at getting stuff but not thos one . Was that her mum that take are away from her dad in his room?
Where (and when) did the idea of Lilith making some kind of deal with Alastor came about? I mean, Is there some sort of logic to it? Because this is literally the first time I hear it...
Charlie is doing everything she can to achieve Lilith's dream in Hell, and Lilith ditched her and Lucifer to hide out in Heaven. I really hope we get an explanation and confirmation in season 2.
Naw i personally believe that Lilith is just a bad mom and person in general people really need to start seeing the bad i women when it comes down to it instead of just assuming the good all the time bc its NOT vise versa when it comes to men and thats a problem
GOD IS VILLAIN,HE MANIPULATE LILITH TO ABANDONS FAMILY   God's master plan to final judgement  *MASTER PLAN* ● Lilith abandons lucifer ● makes charlie as minion ●Adam is key to begin WAR ● Lute is key to leadership to final judgement  ● Lilith is key to charlie meeting true reaction of demons and sinners  ● god will uses charlie and his allies to awakens four knghts of apocalypse THE REAL EXORCISTS ● killing lucifer to become next savior ● DESTROYING CORRUPTION OF WORLD TO RECREATE WORLD WITHOUT DEMONS
You know how in the beginning of Hazbin Hotel Alastor shined a light on Charlie’s Daddy Issues? Soooooooooo yeah Lilith being in Heaven during her 7 Year Absence will bring out a whole lot of Mommy Issues!
The fact that Lilith left her husband and her daughter just to be in heaven
IMAGINE LILITH VOICED BY IDINA MENZEL GAWD
Dude. You only spend 3 min on your theory.
People see Adam as a villain but - is it truly bad he wants to exterminate demons? I mean, those demons were once the worst people to ever exist. Murderers, rapists, you name it. A lot of those sinners were given chances to change their ways on Earth, instead they chose sin, and now they are dealing with the consequences. In my opinion, Adam is still the good guy. We have not seen him how he acts in heaven. From all we know, he may be the most polite and kind person in heaven, but really hates demons.
I'm not ready to write Lilith off as a villain just yet. What if the cleansings were Adam's threat to his ex and lover? What if the agreement to leave the Hellborn along was contingent on Lilith returning to him, which was why she was in Heaven. What if Luci knew and was forced to keep silent, which was why he was so distant to Charlie. Adam would keep silent on this, because he needs to keep things from Heaven. So, he came up with a BS excuse that Hell was uprising. This deal removes Lilith's influence and gives the idea that the cleansings are working. So, Adam forces both Lilith and Luci to capitulate by threatening their daughter's life. Now that Adam is dead, Lilith is free to return to Hell. Lute didn'y know the details of the deal, so she made assumptions that inform her demand on Lilith as if she would want to remain in heaven.
I think, with the mention of radio dying so much, Alastor made a deal with Lilith due to him nearly dying and that’s why he was gone
I actually agree with your opinion about hell just being made a better place to live in instead of the sinners going to heaven because as it seems only adam and lute swear in heaven, everyone is just too nice to each other which is a massive contrast to what makes the show entertaining. angel will lose his lovable deviant personality, husk can no longer swear, i can't imagine a friendly niffty, and don't even get me started on alastor. it seems only charlie and vaggie will fit in heaven
Gay demons vs gays angles
Charlie is stronger than Alastar, she just doesnt have any combat experience, so she doesnt really know h9w to use her power.
Meanwhile Eve(the first woman): ... Cupcake?
Yo yo yo here me out.           Emily is the sister of Charlie??????
alastor didnt have angelic wepons with his powers and he cant kill adam with his powers cause there not angelic
4:51 no comment
Tbh I wouldn't rule out the possibility that she does this for her own safety cause at the end of the day, she WAS a mortal soul/sinner.  After "influencing" hell for so long to "potentially" rival heaven, only to realize it is just an ambiguous goal that even Lucifer gave up.
You are hater of Charlie, she stopped Adam by one hand, dislike
Hooser states that Charlie is the first one in centuries to a prize against the Angels
I think Charlie’s powers are as strong as alastor or even her dad, she’s just not very experienced with her powers. We see this with her reluctant to use them. She lacks the training to use them effectively
Camilla not being there actually makes sense as she explained in her duet with Vaggie. She doesn't want to become a target cause that would bring her family in danger.
One thing I hadn't thought about; Lilith has been missing from hell for seven years. Alastor recently showed up in hell after being lastly seen seven years ago. That is too much of a coincidence. So I think Alastor made a deal with Lilith and is bound to her will. And made a deal with Charlie to call in his favor in a way to get free from his deal with Charlies mother.
my main question is 'will sir pentious ever be able to do a sex with cherri bomb?'
I definitely feel like Lilith’s absence and Alistair’s absence are connected somehow as they’ve both been absent for 7 years 🤔
Charlie meets his uncle Michael
Is michael morning star is going to meet charlie morning star his uncle please make a theory of this comment
I have a feeling that Charlie's very untrained. That's why she almost lost,
If Lilith was starting uprisings maybe she became too much of a threat in hell so heaven offered her to come there. Lilith could have been idealistic like Charlie, but then found saving sinners was a waste since they are awful.
Everyone was thinking Lucifer or Charlie or even ma boi Alastor would take Adam down but NO! This, little, 1-eyed, 80% Harmless, maid dressed monster girl was the one to actually KILL ADAM something NOBODY EXPECTED When he got stabbed i expected a like Alastor comeback or Lylith type of thing my heart dropped when i saw that Niffty was the one who killed the first ever angel and basically Lucifer Morningstar of heaven itself Edit: she still cute tho
no it doesn't make sense for carmilla to show up to the battle between hazbin hotel and the exterminators. Her number one priority is to keep her house and her daughters save.Not intervening in the battle, but giving Charlie a fighting chance, is the best option for her. She doesn't end up becoming a target of heaven, by siding with hazbin hotel and the whole murder case gets overshadowed by the battle, even better hazbin hotel would probably become the number one suspect for the murder. Carmilla and her house can wash their hands in innocence, while watching hazbin hotel and heaven fighting each other, without much danger.
IM GONNA BE SO SAD IF EMILY BECOMES FALLEN😭
Dickmaster rulz \m/
the thing is, do we know for sure Lilith is in Heaven? All we see is a beach, she might be on Earth. She might have gotten tired of handling Hell and her family on her own (as it seems Lucifer shut himself off from the rest of the world, with him not knowing who Alastor is when Charlie herself knew him at sight, and the sheer number of ducks in his room) and left for Earth Sandman-style after giving her daughter a final blessing (i think its implied Lilith is the one who gave the building where Hazbin Hotel is to Charlie).
your review was amazingly insightful! also i know what kind of character they could add to serve as a groundholder for hell to "improve" it
im happy they stuck with sinners redeeming themselves and getting into heaven, because most if not all of those participating or allowing the exterminations to happen did so under the belief that the demons could not be redeemed, but now there is indisputable proof that they can and they now have to live with that revelation.
To add insult to injury to Adam here’s a bit of a history of the Bible Lucifer used to be an archangel then he went against God’s word and became the first ever Nephilim part angel part demon on top of that Lucifer is older than Adam which means Lucy would have more time to learn gain control of his powers so if Lucifer went all out hell would be eradicated
Who tf is liith bro
Perhaps sir pentious went to heaven because he died doing a good deed? Or by doing something selfless ?
I sure wonder what LIITH'S true plans are
Liith
You know in greek mythology Lilith was a wife to Adam but just something happened to her that  which made her leave Adam , which kind of turned her into a a demon or something else , this makes sense because Lucifer and Lilith are married in Hazbin Hotel
What if Lilith made a deal with Alastor that she'd leave hell so he'd stop genociding?
The fight between Adam and Charlie was weird it was just a reason for her dad to come save her she’s just more of a Pacifist but I wish she went all in just because she was mad
Literally all they had to do to make Sir Pentious' death less of a joke was to let the ray hit Adam and then have him redirect it or stop it but, like, SHOW that he still struggles a bit. Basically just have him take a second to redirect the attack and THEN erase the ship out of the existance would make it less funny, I think, and Sir Pentious would at least sort of get the death he deserved
Watch from here 7:35.
3:01 I completely agree this!! I feel like Pentious' death is a bit too sudden to make an impact
Maybe Lilith was the true villain all along.
Funfact : lute NEVER CLEAN HER UNIFORM (you could actually see the same BLOOD THAT WAS 6 MONTHS OLD
Lilith was the first woman and Adam was the first man, but she refused him and so she was cast out of whatever Adam was apart of (I dont know if Eden exists in this story) All women after that came from Eve, (who I also dont know if is in this story either,) who classically speaking was created by Adam's rib so that she was always at his side and subservient to him  So Sinners who were once living humans all descend from Adam and Eve and are weaker than Adam, whereas Charlie was the prodigy of Lucifer (a heavenborn angel cast out and sent to Hell) and Lilith, the original first woman who was cast away and became Queen of Hell. (Maybe could be considered the first Sinner/First Demon?)  So a heavenborn fallen angel is stronger than the first man, the first man is stronger than the sinners that originate from him, and the daughter from a fallen angel and a different, unrelated first woman/first sinner seemingly has inconsistent powers that are on par with the first man  Classically speaking, Lilith also became a demoness who would birth more demons from men who sinned, so she is the mother of monsters, but I doubt that has anything to do with the Hellaverse.
I actually had to rewind when it got to sir pentious scene because I thought he stuffed up and teleported his own ship somewhere..I didn’t get he was simply gone with a poof. Loved him in heaven though.
I don't know why are you so sure that Lilith made a deal with Adam because for me it seems very unlikely.      -First of all Lute said "Your deal is done" it might refer to only Lilith like it's her deal with someone...    -Secondly Adam wasn't even able to keep his mouth shut about the exterminations so I doubt he could keep the topic of Charlie's mother being in heaven even if his life depended on it. Seeing how he always uses something to get under someone's skin for me It's impossible he wouldn't mention that to lucifer or Charlie during his ego trips or temper tantrum in the end.    -Finally why would he get so upset about Lucifers mentioning his ex-wife if he actually knew more than him about her whereabouts. From everything he presented with his character I don't believe he would even make a deal with someone who rejected him if only because of his ego.    My theory is that he never knew anything about Lilith (Lute maybe did and decided not to tell him or she got that info after the final battle in the show). I think that the whole idea of extermination was Adam's and after he convinced Seraphim SHE was the one who made a deal with Lilith. It makes more sense that Sera said "but there's a lot that you don't know" in the Court. It for sure looks like Seraphim knows a lot more than what we're meant to believe.
Also, notice that the exorcists have horns as a part of their uniform. Maybe that’s Lilith’s influence somehow.
0:58 I think it was meant to emphasize her desire to stay _out_ of conflict personally.
6:13 It was most likely Roo, A Future Antagonist to the Hazbin hotel universe. I give you all a hint To what is coming next😏 Roo is incredibly powerful, And evil In carnit Thanks to Making a deal with 2 people🫡😏 With their souls to gain power, The 2 were injured and had fear, weakened for 7 years. Ring any bell's🙂
‭‭Genesis‬ ‭1:1‭-‬31‬ ‭KJV‬‬  [1] " In the beginning God created the heaven and the earth. [2] And the earth was without form, and void; and darkness was upon the face of the deep. And the Spirit of God moved upon the face of the waters. [3] And God said, Let there be light: and there was light. [4] And God saw the light, that it was good: and God divided the light from the darkness. [5] And God called the light Day, and the darkness he called Night. And the evening and the morning were the first day. [6] And God said, Let there be a firmament in the midst of the waters, and let it divide the waters from the waters. [7] And God made the firmament, and divided the waters which were under the firmament from the waters which were above the firmament: and it was so. [8] And God called the firmament Heaven. And the evening and the morning were the second day. [9] And God said, Let the waters under the heaven be gathered together unto one place, and let the dry land appear: and it was so. [10] And God called the dry land Earth; and the gathering together of the waters called he Seas: and God saw that it was good. [11] And God said, Let the earth bring forth grass, the herb yielding seed, and the fruit tree yielding fruit after his kind, whose seed is in itself, upon the earth: and it was so. [12] And the earth brought forth grass, and herb yielding seed after his kind, and the tree yielding fruit, whose seed was in itself, after his kind: and God saw that it was good. [13] And the evening and the morning were the third day. [14] And God said, Let there be lights in the firmament of the heaven to divide the day from the night; and let them be for signs, and for seasons, and for days, and years: [15] and let them be for lights in the firmament of the heaven to give light upon the earth: and it was so. [16] And God made two great lights; the greater light to rule the day, and the lesser light to rule the night: he made the stars also. [17] And God set them in the firmament of the heaven to give light upon the earth, [18] and to rule over the day and over the night, and to divide the light from the darkness: and God saw that it was good. [19] And the evening and the morning were the fourth day. [20] And God said, Let the waters bring forth abundantly the moving creature that hath life, and fowl that may fly above the earth in the open firmament of heaven. [21] And God created great whales, and every living creature that moveth, which the waters brought forth abundantly, after their kind, and every winged fowl after his kind: and God saw that it was good. [22] And God blessed them, saying, Be fruitful, and multiply, and fill the waters in the seas, and let fowl multiply in the earth. [23] And the evening and the morning were the fifth day. [24] And God said, Let the earth bring forth the living creature after his kind, cattle, and creeping thing, and beast of the earth after his kind: and it was so. [25] And God made the beast of the earth after his kind, and cattle after their kind, and every thing that creepeth upon the earth after his kind: and God saw that it was good. [26] And God said, Let us make man in our image, after our likeness: and let them have dominion over the fish of the sea, and over the fowl of the air, and over the cattle, and over all the earth, and over every creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth. [27] So God created man in his own image, in the image of God created he him; male and female created he them. [28] And God blessed them, and God said unto them, Be fruitful, and multiply, and replenish the earth, and subdue it: and have dominion over the fish of the sea, and over the fowl of the air, and over every living thing that moveth upon the earth. [29] And God said, Behold, I have given you every herb bearing seed, which is upon the face of all the earth, and every tree, in the which is the fruit of a tree yielding seed; to you it shall be for meat. [30] And to every beast of the earth, and to every fowl of the air, and to every thing that creepeth upon the earth, wherein there is life, I have given every green herb for meat: and it was so. [31] And God saw every thing that he had made, and, behold, it was very good. And the evening and the morning were the sixth day."
Adam had his mask on for longer than masterchief in the halo tv series
I beleive alastor is under contract to liltith
6:21 That scene was adorable, it's like the all "rich only" club allowing regular people in
When do we get season 2? Does anyone know
Why do I feel like Adam's design and personality is similar to Blitzo from Helluva Boss. Like the jester horns they both have.
i think it was mentionned at the start that lilith disappearing started the exterminations
@VGMarkis I am not sure but i think lucifer said this was first time in 10 000 that it was different
I think whatever deal he made held him back because he didn't even go into his nig form like we have seen so he either underestimated adam or the deal he made forced him to hold back.
What if Lute is Eve? What if she changed her name, made a deal with Adam and was let into heaven like Lilith . Also I would think that Lute is Eve and would have serious hatred for hell because of her being tricked into eating the sacred fruit.   Also I believe Adam is absolutely going to be in hell next season.  Also why has nobody asked where God is during all of this? How is it possible that God would allow all of this to happen in such a way?  Why would God allow a being like Adam to be in heaven in the first place? He is/was a narcissistic sociopath who was also clearly psychotic. How is it a being like him is just living the high life in heaven? He eat the fruit and got kicked out of eden as well right?
Hm, fair and valid points and opinions, i think this Season did pretty well and hope Season 2 turns out better.  By the way, do you know of Roo?
3:10 That scene with Sir Pentious should’ve been Adam using his power against the ray struggling then Sir Pentious would say something graceful and then Adam killing him
So, i wondered, what if Sera was somehow the one holding the contract to Alastor, and that she knew the plan could work to redeem souls. If you put a puppet in place and let people think its a king, hiding the leash, she would solve her uprising problem and hide the truth. Al also sings about wings being clipped.
the scariest overlord being one shoted just by adam  who is note even that all power against the seven deadly sins
ALASTOR NOT ALISTOR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Idk who voices or is going to voice Lilith in the coming times. But i'd love for her to sound like Bierce from Dark Deception
Why does everyone believe that it is Lilith we see on the beaches of heaven? Lets remember that Eve was the second woman ever created. I don't believe we would see any variation on design. My theory is that Eve went to hell for giving Adam the apple, at some point replaces Lilith (7 years before ep 1) and makes a deal to go to heaven. To me that makes way more sense than Lilith abandoning her family.
Please dont bring powerscaling in to this fanbase. Its attracts the worse kinds of people. Its your channel, tho. You do you.  That said, I'm of the idea that Lilith being a villain is a red herring, as well as Alastor's "sabbatical" and lilith's same time disappearance also being a red herring. I think Alastor has a deal with a much, much different entity that hasnt been seen yet, but its Sigil can be seen in some episodes of Helluva Boss and Hazbin Hotel
I personally think Alastor is owned by Zestial. But that's just me.
Cartooon universe has a video and they bring up a line from religious text that reflects where the idea for exterminating sinner could have come from, where eve is given the choice between constantly running from three angels or 100 of her children would have to die in her place. This seems like they might applied it to Lilith.
sorry but people need to understand that sir pentcis diddnt die
Her deal*
I don't believe that Lilith made a deal with Adam. I don't think Adam knew she was in heaven at all. I think Lilith made a deal with Lute to use Adam's cockiness (no pun intended) to get himself killed in Hell, where Lute would be the next in line to be in charge of the Exorcists. Given how Lute says "Your deal is done. I'm in charge now."
ADAM was actually so strong dude wish he didnt die and hells prolly gonna regret it cus if the Archangels kr Seraphims show up then everyone is cooked
Alastor vs Charlie I would chalk up purely to experience. Alastor likely has a lot more experience in a fight than Charlie does. So while Charlie is inarguably stronger, she can't make as good of use of that power as Alastor can with his. Notice how he was dodging a lot more than Charlie was, she was too focused on hitting Adam that she left herself open a lot.
6:02 I feel like his deal is with lilith
Lilith wears a white beaded necklace, and the supposedly one we call lilith seen in the end of episode 8 may be Eve instead because Eve may be like Adam, a winner, which is heaven's version of sinners. And eve might be portraying as Lilith to be let in the higher ranks of heaven as seen in episode 8 because those beaches are for the higher-ups
I don't think that's Lilith
Wait if demons die and go to heaven then do angels go to hell when they die?
Alastor did two two direct hits from adam before falling back. thats more then charlie which just nakes me wonder how strong alastor is. maybe on par with a sin?
I think it makes sense that Carmilla isn't there for the final fight. She's willing to help them, but if they lost with her in the spotlight then her and anyone connected to her would be a target.
doesn't Alistor say "unclip my wings" he may have been literally saying he was at one point an Angel and may have been the original keeper of the tree. having been the keeper it would put him in the perfect position to make a deal with Lilith, who masterminded and tricked lucifer into helping her get the fruit as she was created as the first human and was hoping to use it to take over the kingdom of heaven. in doing so she may have only built a family in hell as a means of taking lucifer out of heavens army intending to reurn to adam the entire time, or at least thats what she told adam at the begining as she actually intended to kill him off at some point and take the throne for herself. pretty shure the look adam gives lute isnt simple as they have the same idea of what heaven is in the world but rather a shared look that lucifer had looking at charlie when he saved her, ie lute is Adam and liliths Daughter. not to far from beleiveable as lilith is the mother of monsters and has manny children in mythos. my only other thought on who or what alistor may be is the fallen angel Azazel as this is the angel responsible for giving the fruit to mankind in the second temple of hebrew whitch would place him in the right position for my previous theory. whats more is that Azazel is also known as the scapegoat this explains his shadow presonafied as as humanoid goat AND Azazel is a reference to the concept of redemption or rather cleansing sin. my theory is Alistor was once Azazel and was tricked by lilith into giving her the fruit whitch he was cast into hell as a punishment "cliping" his wings. it would also explain why alistor seems to hate Lucifer but not because he sent him to hell but because he was also a fool to trust lilith
Am i seeing things or is everybody not giving any care to the title instead of Lilith thrres Liith
The blonde “Lilith” is eve. Lilith is “eve” this explains a lot that’s missing. That’s the theory. The end.
i think it's simpler than you described . Lilith is evil not a good a character at first she staged the up rising to scare the angels and make deal with them that allows them to exterminate demons in exchange for her to get to haven , in first episode Charlie said Lucifer agreed to let angels exterminate hell so he's in the know of everything. in the show angels don't know what get a person to heaven or hell and said something about divine judgment aka god the one thing missing from the show. my theory since god control if someone become an angel spawns in haven or a demon spawns in hell, Charlie didn't have to talk angels she only needs to make a demon a good person in god's judgment so when they die again they spawn as an angel in heaven just like Sir Pentious. i don't think he spawned there as an angel due to him dying of holy light and Adam dying at the same time
for me it made sense charlie wasnt that skilled as a fighter she has the power sure but i doubt as royalty shes had to put that to the test especially with the threat of facing ucifers wrath if anything bad happens to her
when carmilla did that little smile in episode 8 is was perfection,she wantsto help protect her home but i think she wants to be there to protect her daughters most.
I am more incline to believed Alastor is owned by Eve. It would make more sense.
what if lilith gave alastor the chance to live in heaven for 7 years hence why he sold his soul for that brief experience
I came to this video because the title is misspelled… Liith? You lost an L. Lilith. Is it on purpose and I’m missing something here?
My guess is alastor's deal is with lilith, and was power in exchange for wiping out the overlords who were uprising against heaven, I think liliths deal was entry into heaven for the elimination of the resistance to the exterminations. I think the reason both disappeared at the same time was she got in, and alastor thought he was coming too but was left behind and didn't take it well and went all hermit for 7 years. Liliths deal is over because there is resistance again
Charlie, never wanted to fight. She doesn’t have the training of battle, she has the potential. After this fight I think she will go into training, and grow as a leader.
LILITH'S CROWN MATCHES ALASTORS HORN
Given the limited information we have to work with, I just view the Morningstar family as a hybridization of the Albarns from Soul Eater, and the Dreemurs from Undertale. The dads definitely weren't squeaky clean (to varying degrees), but the moms always seemed to get a pass despite their own wrongs, the one from the first family severing her daughter's means to connect to her father on multiple levels while being completely absent on a long vacation (though even that disgrace kept in touch through post cards), and the second one bailing not only on her husband when he was in an emotionally compromised state, but also on her people and other royal responsibilities, ultimately adding to an already bad situation
4:00 adams and lutes faces
At the end of alastors song he mentions “unclip my wings” so Mabey somehow he was in heaven as an angle? Could have been part of his deal?
Charlie is only second to Lucifer. She could wipe the floor with any overlord if she wanted to, she just hates to be feared and hated
Ah yes. *Liiths* true plan.
I'm really glad they made Adam  as strong as they did. I was really worried he was going to be this joke character that was all bark. But no he was pretty strong and made sense he was so full of himself, his line at end about how everyone should be thanking him because it all started with him was although vulgar also brilliant. Yeah he was the first, all of humanity span from him I think alot of ppl would get a big head. I'm curious though if we will see Eve, Cain and Able going forward. Theoretically Cain is probably a Overlord if not Erased already.
theres no way they actually killed off adam especially after exposing his face and being modeled after his VA Alex Brightman. Lute is his right hand angel and knows more than she leads on and noone is sure if anyone but adam and lute know about their deal w Lilith. If anything Adam is probably still alive in an existential sense, however he has fallen and will probably get a character growth arc. Just because youre “human” doesnt mean you have humanity which is something hell will probably teach him because sure he did suffer losing eden and both his wives but he did get to live like a king in heaven and i can see how that can inflate ones ego when ur raised to think everything is made for you.
I feel that Lilith could be a La Sirène that can from African, European and indigenous Taino stories about water spirits. Stating that There are legends about La Sirène taking people away-kidnapping them for a period of seven, be it days, weeks, months, or years, after which time they return with straighter hair, lighter skin. I know it’s more voodoo but it’s one of the oldest traditions
Shes gonna be like what pink diamond/rose quartz was in steven universe i can feel it
Alright… when I first saw the ending with Lilith in heaven… I WAS PISSED… that a mother/wife would leave her husband while he’s depressed, and her only daughter in hell. As a parent, that made me very upset
Pay attention on green thread holding Alastor's grin. It's like a chain... You know, maybe Lilith isn't in deal. It's about voodoo deal.
Bro, what if the radio demon made a deal with someone from heaven?  Either seraphim or metatron
OMG, Lucifer a Keyblade Master, that means he is confirmed for Kingdom Hearts 4
I think it is a case that Charlie is more powerful than Alistair but obviously she does not know it or how to use it so that why he wants to manipulate her.
problem of vivzie is she is spolering who will die and thats stupid in my opinion
see i have this theory that lilith might be playing both sides. it's not confirmed but i think she's the one holding alastors leash, and she sent him to help charlie, and she clearly had some deal with adam, so she's got influence on both sides of the conflict. we know lilith wanted an uprising against heaven. i think she's manipulating both heaven and hell to start a war.
Regarding alastor and Charlie strengths. Alastor held his own from experience however was never able to injure him while Charlie had injured him twice. Not as combat experience but definitely affected Adam more physical wise
Adam was killed by a angelic weapon that destroys your soul completely. You can't regenerate a wound that was made by a angelic weapon and you can't come back from death. Sir Pentious wasn't killed by a angelic weapon but by magic so thats a bit different^^'
Nah, i'd win
Sir Pentious actually followed Adam's list of requirements to get into Heaven He acted selfless(he died to protect his friends) He didn’t steal And he stuck it to the man(Adam himself)
No it makes perfect sense why carmilla wasnt there its not her fight. While yes the extermination is all of hell is all of hells problem but carmilla is  noncombative which may sound weird seeing shes a warlord but she holds that title not because shes blood thirsty but because holding that title protects her daughters. Her role was to arm the army.
it feels Mary Sue to me, Nothing Bad Happend to the Maincast.
Rip dazzle, sir pentious, and his egg minions, and everyone else i missed but not adam he can take a fat L
I think the deal that Adam and Lilith might have had with something in comparisons to Adam doing the exorcism in damaging Lucifer's dream of redemption or whatever he had prior and the deal was that he gets to do that and Lilith Charlie and Lucifer the people she carries the most about stay safe.  Because I can't really see her being the type of person to just abandon her wife and kid granted I don't know if the reason why they split up was because he cheated on her or whatever the hell it is because there's elements that are missing here so far because where the fuck is Eve but also it's just one of those things where it's like there's so many questions and it sucks because I feel like season 1 could have easily flushed out and gave us more little details if they just paste it better but whatever
A few curious details I noticed. Alastor mentions un clipping his wings. I think alastor helped Lilith get into heaven and brokard a deal between Lilith and Adam. Hence why they were both gone for 7 years. And alastor works for Lilith because she gave him all that power. I see alastor as kinda of like orfeus from Greek mythology he found a way to escape hell and travel between hell, earth, and heaven. Lilith took advantage of that. Oh and I don't think Lilith is Charlie's mom. If you recall what lucifer said during the fight he basically admitted to banging both Adam's wives. I think Charlie is the daughter of eve. Making Lilith the evil step mom. That's my theory
I noticed that Charlie said her moms been gone seven years and Vox said Alastor came back after being gone seven years
I absolutely loved season 1, wasn’t a single character I hated, every song was catchy or just beautiful. The voice actors killed it and the animators slayed, the writers made an amazing story and made me invested. Very excited for season 2.
Armint haki
There is a typo in the title
@VGMarkis "Liith" you forgot an "l"
I think Al sold his soul to Lilith to be able to tap into the ability of dark creation.. Lilith being the mother of demons can create dark creatures. I think that the deal is, she'll let him use her power. Idk why tho
i agree that i didnt like how they handled sir pentious' death. it really frustrated me.
It seemed pretty obvious it was keeping Lucifer and Charlie in line (not redeeming souls or trying to) so she could stay in heaven and given how every twist in this show was a cliche or something people came figured out immediately before it was revealed (I said in episode 1 vaggie had to be an Angel or not supposed to be in heaven and I don’t follow any hazbin hotel theories the last 4 years)
Alastor is about to be a BIGSHOT
Liithis deal, I think you forgot an l, Lilith😅
There's a reson why she didnt fight she didnt want the attention from heaven and made a target.
My theory is that what if Lilith never really loved Lucifer and just wanted control, so she made a deal with Adam to help Lucifer fall, thus creating Hell so Adam could stay in control of humanity.
I don't think Adam knew about the deal with Lilith, more so of Lute knowing about it, cause why would he make a deal with her of all people plus the deal including him dying? Which is also why he never said anything of the sorts to Charlie about the deal he supposedly knows about
If heaven is corrupt, then maybe the new angels can make changes. vice versa, fallen angels (because vag can't be the only one) can also help make changes to hell.
LILITH HASNT ANSWERED CHARLIES PHONE IN 7 years!!! Why was Alastor gone for 7 YEARS!?!?
The deal between adam and lilith... i got a small theory from this one, although its probably nonsense. Lilith having a deal with adam like she's getting back with him and she gets into heaven for it. It would make sense since lutes choice of words does imply that she was unable to be kicked out of heaven as long as adam lives. With adams usual "i don't care" attitude he has to most things and his chauvinism i could see him taking on a deal like that
Very easy alastornis an angel
Lilith was the entire reason Adam wanted to start culling off sinners to weaken Hell. I envision Adam going to Lilith and telling her to stop her uprising, and she'd initially laugh him off, but then he offers her life in heaven in return if she does. Maybe there's more to it, but ultimately she was likely given a choice between a full on war between heaven and hell, before it was even known that angels could be slain, or cashing in on time in paradise. We don't yet know if Lucifer is aware of the deal either, but he clearly has some pull in the matter. Perhaps her deal constituted helping to convince Lucifer not to go against the exterminations.
It's because the deal is between Lute and Lilith. Lilith wanted Adam dead and Lute wanted to be in charge. Listen to her words more carefully.
I doubt Adam is fully dead,  i have a theory that Adam being what he is waa sent to Limbo.   Just like the Sinners they exorcized, im assuming in Limbo as well or sent back to earth to redo the cycle at a chance to change
4:40 deeznuts 4:40
I cried for 3 days when Adam died no joke.
My God Lilith is hotter and more angelic than others why?
i think him gone to heaven as him sin was ended i think him sin was attacking for taking over land but because him attack for love not for land   basic him sin was trying to steal land but by attacking so when him attack for love not control over land him was set free from him sin  but this mean him was in a war when him was living as a human and use that war to take over land and this may be why that him outfit look like that
I really want Adam to be judged again and end up in hell as a sinner. The parallel to sir pentious in heaven might be fun to watch. He can also try to sabotage or end up so down on his luck that the only way forward is for him to try and get redemption.
Did anyone notice that Lute has horns when pinned in the rubble?  I didn't know angels could get those without being fallen...
everyone says that the deal was with Adam but it's never actually specified. The impression that I got immediately after the episode was not actually that Lillith made a deal with Adam, but Lillith made a deal with ALASTOR to KILL Adam. Hence why he cared so much about fighting him and why he's so changed after hadam's death/His own defeat. Maybe I missed something here but I never got the impression that the deal Lillith made was with Adam. It also doesn't make sense to me that the exorcisms started only 7 years ago.
I mean. But the ol'Radio Demon is a overlord and probably has experience fighting.  Charlie not so much
We also have to remember that Charlie calls her mom in the pilot, craving help fixing hell, not knowing what to do, and who shows up directly after? Alistor.
Its poetic that nifty did it n i love it
I wonder if Alastor is controlled by Eve, and if he was instructed to kill Lilith. It could explain that Lilith has been in heaven to hide from Alastor and Eve, and it would explain Alastors true interest in Charlie's hotel. The hotel might unlock the key to reaching heaven for Alastor to finish the job and get his soul back.
I kiiinda hope that Lilith is indeed that selfish, eventually getting bored of he||, leaving for heaven, abandoning family and sinners. To me it seems interesting and fitting: she and Adam where made from the same thing, so it woulb logical that, since Adam is an insufferable a$$hole and the very definition of a toxic male, Lilith would be the most horrible and toxic female as well (each of them representing the worst their genders can do as the first humans)
Extermination doesnt have a start year, but it likely happened when population on earth reached the billions and the rebellion of hell really made heaven worry
I want to see the Adam scaling video.
I really do hope that we get to see Adam as a demon eventually, because if demons like sir pentious can become seraphs I think that would mean angels can become not just fallen but full on demons
I think it's obvious, she hated hell and wanted to hang out someplace nice so she diched both of them and promised to stay out of things.
the beach she was on looks different than heaven, I think it might be Elysium, a little simulated heaven in hell, because I doubt shed ever be allowed up in heaven
I don’t really feel like at this point she has an evil plan, I just feel like she just wants a vacation in Heaven
The exterminations was mentioned to be longer than the 7 years Lilith has been missing. (EDIT: Its lucifer in the last song in the finale "In the last 10,000 years you're the first one to change this town")  My theory is that there are two separate deals. One involving Sera and Lilith, and then one involving Alistor and someone else. However, these deals would be loosely connected to make the 7 year absence match up.   Lilith's deal would be something like this: After years of witnessing bloodshed, Lilith wants out so she makes a deal to help Sera to imprison someone powerful in Hell (most likely Roo), and in exchange Lilith could access heaven.  Alistor's deal is a bit harder but I am assuming something like: Alistor is connected to Roo somehow, maybe a mutual partnership where they share their powers. By Sera and Lilith banishing Roo, it led to Alistors powers diminishing, forcing him to hide away for 7 years until he found  away to gain back some of his powers. Alistor would still be tied to Roo though an unbreakable deal meaning he woul still need to find a loophole to get his full powers back as Roo is still imprisoned.   Just an idea but I'm sure at least one of the deals will be explained in the Season 2 finale.
I am pretty happy that they made Adam so powerful that Lucifer is the only one who can contend with him. It shows you how powerful the upper echelons of the angels.
The fact that Lucifer toyed with Adam  shows how powerful he is when Adam made alastor retreat. Alarmed at how strong he was   the Lucifer vs Adam fight was great the  fact that he got under Adam’s skin was wild basically said he fucked both of his intended wife’s  Adam  life was made bad by Lucifer
5:30 I remember people saying Arackniss was retconned, and yet there he is right there I didn't notice that till now lmao
Lilith despises Adam and his superiority complex and won’t come back until he’s either dead or fallen. She was equal to Adam  but Adam and god decided to cast her out with Lucifer.
I think Sir Pensious death was actually perfect, because there was no lead up (barring his goodbye to Cherry bomb).  The whole show demonstrates the contrast between what we want and reality.  Carmine, who is coded as an arms dealer bad ass in a hollywood trope, refuses the conflict because the risk, something that we would need to think of in a real world situation. (Would you snitich on the mob if you knew everyone you loved would be tormented and killed because you did so, and you would know it was your fault, rather than leaving it alone.)  There are plenty of brave and selfless people who die stupid deaths quickly in real life if they aren't careful.  It's one of the reasons why, in first aid training, you are taught to make the area safe.  If you don't you will dive in quickly, and can possibly die quickly as well.  This is not a hollywood produced show, so it may not follow the same tropes.  Penscious was perfect, both for the quick death, but also for Charlie immediately wanting to feel the impact of his death, though the joy of even surviving was needed.  There may be more grief over him, and probably an episode about honouring him (and the legend that grows around him), until we meet him again, and remember just what a goof ball he was, and that is ok.  This is Vivienne's story and it will go where it goes.  Personally, I like how it treats us all as adults, regardless of our own desires.  So long as it is honest and real, I'll have no complains.  You might not like it, but I think it fits exactly what Hazbin Hotel is.  That's what makes it so refreshing.
Is the extermination the mechanism by which souls can ascend? Sir P. Ended up in Heaven. Maybe those killed in the extermination usually re-incarnate in Hell. Hell is big. They may end up in a different level even. But this time, this time, redemption was genuine and Sir P. woke up in Heaven, not at the gates, but with the Seraphim. 😮
Adam is the embodiment of Lust, Pride, and Gluttony (in his case, an insatiable appetite for destruction). The fact is, he _belongs_ in Hell and after Sir P. ascends, I'll be very disappointed if Adam doesn't wake up in Hell.
Lucifer admits to getting it on with eve so did Lucifer cheat on Lilith with Eve? Is that why she abandoned her family and gave up on hell.
Bro Dazzle was the G.O.A.T, rip a fucking G 🗿
I get why Carmella didn’t join the fight, she will supply and help but she doesn’t want the angels coming after her or her family. It makes sense why she didn’t join them. She helped them out where she could but she wasn’t going to sacrifice her own safety for them.
just because charlie has more raw power u cant forget she is not as used to fighting as alastor, he is obviously more skilled
i think it’s so strange how lucifer was late to the fight. like he knew the exorcists were targeting the hotel why wouldn’t he be there already to help fight? it makes me think that he was up to something before he joined..
The point raised about alastor being a guardian angel is interesting. While he takes on small fights here and there he disappeared (I think they said 7 years ago) around the time Lilith did, he suddenly returns and takes an interest in Charlie. He talks about how the fight against the angels gave him a taste of freedom and an idea to look for loopholes, if Lilith has him under some deal to keep him from fighting and giving him orders to protect Charlie, having Charlie willingly go to war and allowing him to fully unleash his power might line up.
Support your local sir pentis
...what if the faceless mother we see in the flashback is Eve, not Lilith?
5:14 This little smile Adam gives here feels extremely meaningful. He was "betrayed" by both Lilith and Eve, so I think seeing Lute's loyalty gave him a little peace before the end.
It absolutely does NOT make sense for Carmella to be in the final fight. She directly states she doesn't want to invite Heaven's wrath back to her household. She'll provide weapons, but she's not about to give Heaven a face to blame.
I don’t think Alastor felt liberated from the war I think he felt trapped by it. If you pay attention to the tone of his solo it seems like he’s disgusted how he nearly died for his friends. It seems his deal keeps him bound to help Charlie. Him nearly dying because he is bound to be there caused him to snap and desire even more than ever to get out of the deal.
I'm kind of curious about Vaggie and her former colleagues in the Exorcists. How strong are they in general? Were they human, or is the theory that Adam created them from his ribs true? We've got plenty of topics to theorize and debate about until season two comes out.
Look in the background of 9:37
Saying Carmila Carmine should've been at the fight is an insane take to me and it feels like you didn't really get the whole point of why she didn't tell anyone about the dead angel to begin with...
Vizzie said that what's going on with Lilith is going to take place over several seasons and is meant to be the overarching mystery.
The biggest question I have rn: What happened to Sir Pentious' eggs???
RIP DAZZLE Fs IN CHAT BELOW!!
nifty just fucken stabbed him
I still hold out hope that Alastors deal in controlled by Nifty xD Would be awesome xD
I have to disagree with your theory that Alastor felt the taste of freedom in his fight with Adam. I think it's the complete opposite. I believe that him almost dying for a cause he most likely does not stand by but is probably forced to by his deal, made him remember his restraints. He mocks his near death experience by saying that "Alastor altruist died for his friends" and the fact he almost lost his life because of this deal he made terrified him and fuels his cravings for freedom and finding a way out
I am honestly surprised that they killed off adam
hmm why would someone who controls uprisings with their singing voice be in league with a radio demon, I wonder.
The exterminations started because Lilith was flourishing in Hell. Lucifer starts that Charlie is the first to change this in thousands of years. With the fact that redemption is actually possible and so far seems to have never happened before once this becomes known it will likely change things in Hell permanently because they have something to work towards. It won't change most of them, but it's obvious nobody knew this.  Spectacular start for the show and look forward to seeing were this going for here.
I feel like Lilith is on earth
I would have kept serpetius redemption a secret and reveal it when Charlie finds out
okay so here's my two cents. as far as we're aware, when a dead human soul is killed, they're straight up GONE. thats why the exterminations have been happening in the first place: to eradicate enough of hell's population of sinners each year so that hell never rises up against heaven. with that said, i don't think Adam actually KILLED Sir Pentious. i think it was meant to look that way because he obliterated the skyship, but if Pentious had actually been KILLED by Adam's blast of radiant light, Pentious would just be GONE, with no way to get into heaven because what remains of his being, AKA his soul, has been killed and wiped from existence. So my theory is that when Pentious hit the 'fire' button on his death ray and had accepted he'd probably die while taking Adam down to save his friends, THAT is the moment that earned him redemption and as a result at the last possible moment he got portal-yeeted right to the Seraphims' doorstep in Heaven. now in regards to Adam, i hope he isn't dead because i want him to be fallen and be stuck in hell. but considering nifty stabbed him multiple times with an angelic weapon, he's probably DEAD-dead. i hope not, but probably so.
I don't think Lilith's deal was with Adam. With how it's worded we don't know WHO made the deal. Just that Lute said "Adam is dead. You deal is done." Lilith was supposed to make sure that Adam died but we don't know by who or why. Everything feels like a power play.
I don't know for me the show lost alot of it's personality and character when they let amazon take it. Like look how they ruined cherry. This was someone who wanted angel's life to be better and for to be free of the drugs, forced sex, and beating he was dealing with under valentino's rule. I mean you literally see in the addict video where she stays by him when he's detoxing in the hotel and risks val's anger destroying one of his strip clubs. When dude is an overlord, granted a shitty one third party one but still. So to me she honestly seemed like a friend that would have wanted him to get better and redeemed if for nothing else he would be out of his deal if he went to heaven. Yet in the new one she's seen encouraging him to still lead a life opposite of what would help him. Which wasn't her true original character at least in my opinion
Its these discussions about the ethics of clearing Hell and going to Heaven or proving one is better than the other that kind of makes me hope Vivzie ends Helluva Boss after season 2. If for no other reason than the legal restrictions are lifted and characters can be used to explain how this system works. The seven deadly Sins should be introduced, Ars Goetha, the Imps lower class position and anti-hierarchical stance, Hellhounds enslavement. Hell will not be lacking for evil inhabitants, especially if more and more sinners arrive from Earth faster than Charlie can rehabilitate them.  Maybe it is two things.  Maybe she could make Hell more habitable for the unjustly delivered and lower classes while also ensuring there is an out once the truly irredeemable sinners have served their time and wish to be better. Maybe ensuring Heaven actually works and that an interchange could happen because some people who go to Heaven truly don't belong.
I have no doubt in my mind that Charlie, based on pure unfiltered power, is stronger than Alastor. Compared the the hell hierarchy scale and how powerful Lucifer is, she's definitely a powerhouse. However, I doubt Charlie would be able to make full use of her abilities. She's clearly pacafisticand it's obvious that violence is her last resort, heck even in the bog fight scene her main weapon was a shield. The girl's probably too nice to tap into that full hellish power yet.
Anyone else see angel dust brother at 5:30
Would be neat if Sera willingly lets herself fall so she can work on her own redemption in Hell. Since there is quite a lot of blood on her hands. Also I figured that was Eden at the end. Not Heaven.
I wanted this snake that i dont know how to type his name to at least shoot adam. Also in my opinion adam shouldnt die.
honestly yeah, Pen dying so comically i think we can all write up as an example of Viv's bad writng. Same shit happens a lot, even i hellova boss too, I think Nonchalantly jumping from comedy to drama makes the whole thing kinda grotesque. Or her going from a scene about sexual abuse to a sex joke.  One of the biggest problems of her writing tbh
This guy's intro literally took 8 minutes
Alastor got nerfed heavily with the mysterious deal calling it rn
This is a theory I heard a few weeks ago regarding Adam. Essentially, the theory goes that Adam didn’t eat the apple with Eve, but despite this the single act of sin was enough for evil and sin to take root in Paradise, and thus the rest of Humanity was damned. It was originally a theory on why he hated sinners and demons as much as he did, however I think this could also explain WHY he’s so powerful, even compared to Alistor. This is a human that wasn’t tainted by the apple, the original man and therefore his powers were never corrupted.
Maybe it's just me, but I viewed Sir Pentious' death as being shocking, rather than comedic. The musical score is on board with Pentious' plan, doing its very best to convince us that this is going to be a big damn hero moment, then... zap. Vapourised.  Thinking on it a little further, I'll note that this is the only time Adam uses this vapourisation beam... which suggests that perhaps Adam has a limited amount of angelic 'juice', so to speak. He wasn't pacing himself like he did in his fight against Alastor: rather, using so much power in a single attack rather suggests that this was a panic response, knowing that he was in very serious danger of losing his immortal life if he allowed Pentious' to get his shot off.
Liith i think is two faced 😬  Like everyone thinks he send Al to help Charlie but what if she didn't after all she left hell doesn't  care her daughter almost died by her Ex and most of all Lucifer is the one who wanned all hellborn to be excuses from this Extermination not Lilith , what if she did made a deal with Al but only to seal his powers and the reason He is with Charlie is because she or Lucifer are the only once who can set him free as they are the only two bein' powerfull enough to defeat her . He knows he can't ..   Just wanned to point out how everyone is keeping their hopes up that Lilith has some good reason to do what she did but what if she never had good intentions ? I mean she seperated Charlie and Lucifer , she made Lucifer believe Charlie doesn't want to see him and Charlie to believe Lucifer doesn't want to see her .
I really hope season 2 is as good if not better than season 1 because I do see shows getting worse and I have like an internal fear that it might be like that
its been a day and this is still on trending #28 rn
now im kinda curious when Alastar was talkin about his deal and then he said pulling all the strings it kinda makes sense what if Alastar was ruler over hell before lucifer and since lilith ruled in lucifers place what if she made a deal with him and thats when everything began
My theory is that adam made a deal with lillith that if they get together again, he will allow lillith to stay in heaven and relax, and if adam dies, the contract breaks,  Adam probably mention this to lute, so if he dies, lute can tell lillith that the contract has broken  BUT, lute made her own deal with lillith since adam was killed by lucifer knowing hell would arise because of the incident, all   Hell has known the weakness of the angels after the battle between the exorcist and the demons,  lute made a deal with lillith to go back down and stop lucifer and charlie and the rest of hell to arise...   But since emily and sera witness redemption infront of their eye's, they will probably call charlie back to inform that redemption was confirm leading for hell to wanting to get redeem, or some demons will stay in hell and rise againts heaven since the evilness and sin corrupts their mind that they dont want to change to the good side.   So my conclusion is that many demons will arise againts heaven, or many demons will go to the hazbin hotel to get rehabilitation and those who want to change to the good side,   I cant wait what season 2 lies in store for us.
I wish Charlie knew her plan actually works!
Sir Pentious Not only went to heaven but considering he has 6 wings and got teleported directly to the seraphim instead of the normal going to the gates thing i think he has actually became a seraphim
Just one problem in making hell a better place, it doesn't fix overpopulation
I honestly like the sir pentious scene, sure, it was a bit quick, but the build up was amazing, and the "fire" gave me chills
Any other show would have given Sir Pentious a beautifully dramatic death that everyone would have seen coming, Hazbin made me spit take when he was obliterated in an instant. It was sooo good.
I got a theory. Alastor probably wants to take over hell but can’t because of whatever deal he made. He’s probably waiting for an opportune moment to complete his deal with Charlie by asking her to kill Lucifer and taking her soul giving him immense power and the ruler of hell out of the way…. But hey that’s just a theory. (I know no one’s gonna read all this so I just want to say I’d fuck a femboy until they faint)
Hear me out.  Right now we (at least I) don't know when the exterminations first started. However Adam mentions in Ep 1 (2 if we are counting the pilot) that the only reason Charlie is allowed to live, is because of a deal that was struct to protect the hellborn. (Other questions aside!)  Luficer then tells Charlie that he tried to fight for hell once before, and lost everything but her. And at the end of Ep 8 (or 9, pending), we find out were Lilith is, as Lute tells Lilith the deal is done. "I'm in charge now."  So what if, in order to protect Charlie, Lilith had to go to Heaven (where she couldn't influence and empower the citizens of hell)? What if Lute, for what ever reason, was giving Lilith a chance to protect Charlie? (That begs the question of "why", though Lute seems more concerned with balance all of a sudden, where as before she seemed in it for the thrill/fun of killing sinners.)  It's just a thought. Since Lilith is alone, isolated (by choice or heavenly law), I do not think she is up in heaven willingly.
I think the reason why charlie was defeated by Adam so quickly and Alastor, being able to hold his own loger comes down to battle experience. Mimzy in Episode 5 confirmed that Alastor alreday took out multiple overlords and in episode 2 it is also comfired that vox and alastor already fought, meanwhil for Charlie, this one fight was probably here first proper battle, with saying sorry at the beginning after blasting a few angels and also that she like showed new powers when blocking adams punch. I think it all comes down to battle experience.
Hard to say, it's left to interpretation until details of season 2 comes out. And no there's no way in hell would Adam ever hold a secret to himself. The guy loves to brag, especially out in the open. But with the  things you said, those are some great questions to ask. Plus the major death of Sir Pentious was a big joke, with how fast and sudden it was. While Charlie's fight could've been a little better, with how effective she was.
5:04 Lute was probably influenced by Adam's viewpoint and will eventually have to struggle with the idea that Adam was actually wrong, especially when the proof now exists that sinners can be redeemed. And while something tells me Sera is going to keep it under wraps somehow, Emily will likely find a way to get the word out. Sera is probably going to be a major villain who will wind up dying like Adam was in Season 1 but I don't think she will be the main villain of Season 2. In fact, I am going to go as so far as to predict she will be an overarching secondary villain for at least the second and third seasons. Also she and Emily will have a falling out that will lead to her no longer caring about Emily and possibly even try to kill her, possibly leading to Carmilla being the one to kill her.
3:50  "Lucifer swoops in to save the day"  That's the sort of line you'd expect from talking about a JRPG lol.
0:54 Her priority is to protect her family, being away from her family during the purge would naturally be counter-intuitive to this. If the main crew fell but she survived, she wouldn't have time to make it back before the angels because the angels can fly and as far as we know, in spite of her bat-like design, she can't. She only even agreed to help because having people on the front lines would help the odds of her family surviving.
What's the deal????? Pls read the bible betrayal?
yeah pentious got punked
I am still trying to figure out why hes a white guy when we know Atom was a dark as soil.
I'm just here... vibing. Lol
Sir Pentiuous dying was a joke to Adam, that was the point. Adam and Heaven see the sinners as less than, but to Charlie and the other sinners, he was a friend and another human soul, so they gave the moment the solemnity Pentious deserved.   Luci and Charlie are the only heavenly beings here. Adam, Lute, Lilith, Vaggie are all mortal human souls. Luci didn’t even start fighting until Adam focused on Charlie. And the power difference is obvious; just look how Luci has a fire flame on his head while Adam has a candle.  They act human, but the human half of Charlie had to convince her dad to even care about the sinners. Maybe now that he’s onboard, they can make hell better. So invested to see where this is going!
I'm pretty sure Alex didn't use his falls dragged if he did. I think he would be able to wreck him, but the problem is. He didn't get time to actually fully transform a Denny. Super power for form or maybe when he transforms, he can't control himself. And he you wanna hurt his friends?
Lilith* 🤓🤓🤓🤓🤓🤓🤓🤓🤓🤓🤓🤓
Liith
I would enjoy a how strong is Adam video.
3:40 Charlie IS still more powerful than Alastor, it's just Alastor has more Battle IQ while Charlie spent most of her time with [Assuming] Lilith in some kind of palace, Alastor was out there toppling overlords. Charlie is more powerful and does have power over Alastor because she is the princess of hell.
it will be so fucking funny when adam wakes up and find out he's an demon now
Personally I think they shouldn't have killed Adam.  yeah he's one dimensional, a boor and a shit character, but personally I think the most interesting thing would have been Lute to die, and he narrowly escapes death, and has his ego brutalised... Then next season they change his character a bit, because he's wracked with pain to his ego for having been defeated, which makes his conflict with hell less about sport and more about vengeance.  Also it could give him some complication by giving him guilt over Lutes death, which obviously he's to primitive to process, so it would calcify into rage.  Now that  I'm typing this, I realise that it could add another layer of depth to the differences between heaven and hell not being so clear as to who gets in, because while his motivations increase a level of sophistication, from idiotic gratification to egoic gratification, he becomes more defined by basic idiotic actions.
9:10: Alternative possiblity: Lilith is a power hungering monster, and her uprising was inspired by her greed, and so she was bought out by Heaven when they promised her concessions in exchange for abandoning her people...  Not saying that's likely, or the truth, but I think it s an option.
7:50: I kind of agree, but at the same time I don't  think that redeemed leaving Hel would make it worse, because the problem is no one cares.  If everyone tries, then 75% of society becomes better overnight, with only the truly hopeless becoming marginalised assholes that nobody likes.
In terms of power, I think Lilith and Adam should be equal, since they were supposed to be equal. And Alastor has more skill than Charlie, making a lot of hits, but Charlie had the power to damage him and make him bleed without using Angel's steel.
Point of contention: the battles of Adam v Alistor and Adam V Charlie are so different because of the experience difference between Charlie and Alistor. Charlie has more power, but no real battle experience, where Alistor has caught, defeated, captures, and tormented battle hardened overlords. Power vs. Experience, plain and simple
U explained ur points poorly
8:20: The exterminations have been going on for much longer than Lilith's disappearance.  My personal theory is that Lilith was allowed into Heaven, and in exchange, she stopped giving inspiration to the denizens of Hell. But in her absence, Charlie stepped up. And while Lilith might have been content to give the sinners false hope, Charlie gave them real hope (and, unbeknownst to her for now, actual results).  It's possible she thought that doing so would eliminate the incentive for the exterminations, not having accounted for the fact that Adam was a sadistic piece of shit who required no excuse to slaughter sinners. Hence why Lute presented the bloody halo as proof of her end of the deal being fulfilled. But the cancellation of the extermination didn't stop Charlie from reopening the Hazbin Hotel, which we now know absolutely did shift the balance.
It's not that Alastor feels liberated and liked the freedom from the battle, he's straight up having a panic attack about the fact that he, Alastor, the radio demon, almost died for a group of people he was actually starting to consider his friends. You can taste the disgust in the self obituary line, "Great Alastor, *altruist*, 'died for his friends', sorry to disappoint, but that is *not* where this ends."  He's realized that as powerful as he is, he's not invincible, and dying fighting for someone else is the last thing he wants to be remembered for. He wants to be feared, he's not ready to be loved.
To be fair, Alastor seemed to get more done against Adam than Charlie just because of the ways they were fighting. Alastor went on the offensive against Adam as soon as his barrier was down, and kept up the pressure until he lost the moment he got an actual attack in, meanwhile Charlie was put on bad footing from the start, getting distracted and knocked out of the sky, but then she actually managed to get a hit in, which got Adam actually mad. If she was actually as ready to fight as Alastor was, she would've been at least equal to Adam since at the weakest she'd be as strong as her mom, who's presumably at least as strong as Adam.
The fact that Adam basically managed to two shot Alastor of all people as soon as he stopped being stuck on the defensive is wild, and such an incredible way to bump up the stakes.
I'm starting to wonder if alot of the Exterminators were at one point Adams wifes?  From what I get they are all ladies... But any way I hope Adam gets sent to hell (since Vaggie died and was reborn as a sinner) but then he may work with Alastor at some point, but being used by him as well.  Maybe, if Lilith is the one holding Alastors leash, He made it up to heaven some how to and got sent back to help Charlie.
Season 1 was immaculate. Hopefully the success of the show will expedite Season 2.
Carmine and Velvette begrudgingly joining the fight together would've been hilarious.  "Ah, look who finally came around. So, what changed your mind wrinkles?"  "Isn't it a school night? Your tv dad should be putting you to bed about now shouldn't he."
Lilith give me Mothers Gothel's Vibes
Idk bout u, but I feel like some of the story feels... Lazy or contrived... 🤷
I REALLLLY hope Lilith isn't evil (mostly because i got tired of vivs troupe of having one bad parent and if the mom is the good one shes dead) but I feel like eve will have a big part as well since we don't know if she's in heaven or hell..
ok one thing that never made sense to me was, there complaining about hell being over populated, but there not complaining about heave be over populated, meanwhile constantly adding more souls to heaven, even from hell now. am i only one who upset with idea here like
i dont think alastor was using his max strength
8:03 brazilian meme appears!
It was confirmed by Lucifer in the finale song that it was 10000 years of exterminations
They made it seem like the angels were invincible and couldn’t be harmed without angelic weapons but here they seemed pretty vincible with lute loosing an arm by rubble and other angels being eaten by the cannibals even with vaggie being smashed into a table, also how did they not know the angelic weapons could permanently end exorcists when Vaggie has lost her eye and wings permanently
I think sir pentious death fit the series super well, and honestly it’s one of the best jokes in the series. Made him one of my favorite characters.
you get to heaven by being napoleon
It's interesting to see how different characters in the show have their own motivations and beliefs when it comes to heaven and hell. It adds depth to their interactions and makes for compelling storytelling.
1:03 well, if she thought she would be drawing more attention like she said, she doesn’t want to draw attention to herself when it comes to the exorcists so she’s not gonna choose to fight them where all of them are currently attacking 3:10 and I feel like it makes sense for him to get defeated that quickly, and they should’ve maybe slow, mowed the scene to make it more dramatic as we see him just do the same thing, but it slows down to the destruction in a more serious way like it could’ve been the same thing but right when he blast everyone just sees it and almost like slow motion as he just waves his hand in the whole thing is wiped blown away
So they don't explicitly say how long the exterminations have been going on but i think we can probanly infer they've been happening for 10,000 years based on Lucifer telling Charlie she was the first one to change things in 10,000 years at the end.
i am still waiting for the arc angels and the BIG G HIMSELF and jesus also somehow 😅
adam is so fucking based
I need... god... pls...
8:30 made me cry
Charlie is most likely stronger than Alistor (with their status) but raw power in hell is determined by how evil they are and well, Charlie isn't very evil but this is only season 1 and they will have time to evolve so to say
I actually don't think that it would have made sense for Carmilla to directly fight as well, especially when she was always adamant about wanting to stay out of any further fights against the Exorcists for the sake of her daughters. She was also shooting down Vaggie's pleas and attempts into such ideas one after another and only agreed to train her. If she were to have directly fought as well, that would have gone against what she said in both her spoken dialogue as well as her singing in "I'll Be Your Keeper". Yes, she killed the Exorcist attacking her daughters, but it's not something she looks on with pride, accomplishment, or even a solution to the problem of the yearly/biyearly mass genocide, but as a regret because she, along with the other, more seasoned Overlords, recognized the corpse as a sign that things could lead to all out war if Hell realizes that Angels can be killed, which would put her daughters in the same danger she's desperately trying to steer them clear from. Hell, she even tries to hide the fact that it was her, even when Vette called her out on it for that very reason.
Pretentious sacrificed himself, which is a noble thing; that’s why he’s in heaven.
I knew there was something sinister with her. It seemed pretty obvious
Honestly what happened with Lilith  shocked me. Everything else, I kinda expected. I want her to be more sympathetic but I don't think she will be. The point of Lilith's story as religious lesson is she is selfish. So I don't want to hate her but given her reveal. I think, I will. Charlies out look changed on her dad. I  expect her outlook on her mom to as well.
When you think about Adam’s strength, he’s the first human along with Lilith. I’d imagine Adam and Lilith, and probably Eve would have similar power levels. And since Lilith is the second strongest he’ll being, it’s only fair to think Adam would probably curb stomp anyone in hell besides Lucifer.
Is it possible that Adam was tired of all the damn rules of Heaven so he wanted to die by the hands of demons to be in the lands of the lawless? In process giving power to Lilith? I’m not exactly sure what this has to do with extermination and what not but that’s about what I think.
What does Lucifer mean with "And the second Wife too" though?
My theory is that Alastor is locked to 10-15% power because of his deal
I think the idea of Sir Pentious going to Heaven is the idea that his death was a result for his selfless act of sacrificing himself for those he cares for. That being said it be cool to see Adam become fallen and return as some powerful dickhead of a demon-
Nifty shanking, Adam admittedly got me good! I giggled so hard at that, and I'm not even sure why. 😅
Alastor having Adam on his toes is impressive on its own.
love the show so much thanks for the therearys
Liith
I was very happy when i saw Pencious being reincarnated in heaven 😂
I think that Charlie did terrible w the fight against Adam since she's never really had to fight before
I’m curious if Adam is strong enough to beat one of the sins lol
They did mention for how many years the extermination happened, the extermination has been happening for the last 10,000 years, as the Lucifer mentioned in the "finale" song when he saw Charlie's mourning towards sir pentious
I’m pretty convinced that no matter who Alastor’s deal is with, he’s going to use his deal with Charlie to end it. Maybe Charlie learns how to charm sinners like her mother and Al makes her force them into ending his deal.   I really hope Alastor doesn’t try for the throne, and stays as a lovable conniving advisor, like Littlefinger in GoT.
I think sir Pantious's death looks comedic not beacuse that's how he desreved to die, but beacuse of how all of this works for Adam. This entire slaughter is entertainment for him so of course he would make someone's sacrifice a joke.
6:28 I actually do hope he comes back as a sinner,if Lucifer fell surely adam could aswell( I love him but he’s a douche) and idk I think it’d be cool for drama reasons(totally not bc I’m a adam simp)
One detail which might help you theorists: "some have spun wild tales of you fallen to... holy arms"
I didn't like the ending of Season One. The main character's about to die, stronger person comes into save them.. Then immediately defeats the big bad, shows them mercy.. Only for them to be killed by a comedic relief character. It's an overused trope, and is generally unfunny. And then the gang tells the big bad's to scram.. It's a corny overused trope in media, but pentious-- if that's his name, he most likely went to heaven because he was a martyr and was reformed. Although I want to see how the series goes on, the season one ending was unsatisfactory for me. Oh, and it was stated that Lucifer had a meeting with heaven to allow the extermination, so it doesn't even make sense why he helped. And weren't hellborns exempt from extermination? So.. WHY WAS CHARLIE ABOUT TO DIE??
8:18 Lucifer sings in the final song 'In the last ten-thousand years, you're the first one to change this town' which sounds to me that the extermination has been going on for a lot longer than seven years.
I need to see some real consequences now. Adam, the first man created by God was KILLED by a sinner, and humiliated by a fallen seraphim who actively brought corruption into the world. Sir Pentious ascended, which shows souls can be redeemed, but also proves there is no excuse for those in Hell to be the way they are; not to mention they actively slaughtered thousands of Angels. Emily has to feel some kind of way about that, and Heaven, FILLED with victims of Sinners, should be in an uproar; how many people were butchered, assaulted, vaped, and otherwise tortured by those in hell? And now they can just ascend to Heaven like they didn't do any of that shit? Nah, I need to see some BLOOD FUEDS
I don't think his death was supposed to bé a joke, but rather a show of strengh for Adam, or an exemple of how sinner were weak compared to him.
Charlie broke down because she's Charlie.
From the last little song with Alastor before he returns to the hotel, I got the impression he only got that close to death because his contract was forcing him to defend the hotel so strongly. This makes the idea of him being under Lilith's control a bit weird if she's against the hotel, unless she sent him to help it so that she could continue to act as if she doesn't care
Alastor seemed to imply that his power was weakened due to his deal, which I am assuming means there is something about his deal with Lilith supressing some of his strength. Maybe it is even just split out somehow.  If that is the case, it could explain why he got surprised in his fight with Adam.
A little detail. Lute didn't have horns before and when fighting she did
At the end of episode 8 (the Lilith reveal) you can hear a little flute riff. That flute tune is the same as Alastor's motif that plays throughout the show, most predominantly in the pilot and episode 7-8.
Ok did anyone notice the (dare i say “sweet”) smile Adam gives Lute before he dies? Idk why but it really caught my attention-
Why is everyone saying that Lilith made a deal with Adam? They only said her deal is broken because he ded.
Tbh I wanna see micheal or God make an appearance it would be interesting.
Adam’s gonna reincarnate in Hell and he’ll be redeemed, hopefully.
I was honestly furious when I saw Lilith in heaven. The first thought that came to my mind is that Lilith abandoned her family to enjoy heaven and now she's going to come back and become an antagonist to her own daughter.   If there's a twist to all this, Lilith better not be a snake in sheep's clothing.
I think Carmilla is biding hrr time. She's looking at the V's gearing up for a power grab, and whatever fallout the resistance will bring. Keeping her cards close.
9:52 Adam: "You know WHO ELSE doesn't want to protect hell?"
curious how the weapons work  because they're not some kind of weapon that destroys the soul instantly because adam was alive after being stabbed so maybe adam will go back in hell because he technically died from lack of blood and not from the weapon itself I don't know but I would love it if he came back as a demon in hell
isnt lilith charlies mom?
im so curious what happens to souls, we're told once they die they just die but with the revelation of sir pentious going to heaven after being killed, there might be more to it.
I have a few theories. Sinners could have already redeemed themselves but would have to die to actually go to heaven, which would make hell a better place with the sinners who are still alive down there. If they are unaware that redemption is possible it makes more sense as they aren't just trying to fake getting redeemed or something but genuinely trying to be better just for the sake of bettering themselves. As to some of my other guesses, maybe it has something to do with the holy light? He saw the light both metaphorically and literally. Maybe something holy has to step in as a catalyst for judgement, them being in hell in all and not in the normal earth judgement system. I like both ideas.   I'm extremely doubtful that a soul just goes to heaven as soon as they redeem themselves either way, like soul leaves their body and floats to heaven, and if that's the case ugghhh that's just tacky. And because of that tackiness I doubt that's the case. I hope one of those theories are right, just had to put in my two cents.
I am sad that Adam didn't get reborn as a soul in hell after his death like pentious in heaven
I like your idea on making hell an easier place to live and some demons refusing to leave. For instance, I imagine Alastor would be one of those preferring to stay. That’s a direction I could sit well with.
Im leaning towards a theory of my own regarding the deal between lillith and adam. Im willing to bet that lillith's influence in hell was causing problems for heaven (as the intro to episode 1 states, her voice was inspiring people.), or at least making them wary of a possible uprising, what sera was largely concerned with. So Im willing to bet that adam came to lillith with a deal, he wanted her out of the picture, to remove her influence from the scene, and she presumably wants her people to not get massacred in their entirety. So perhaps they struck an agreement that as long as lillith stays in heaven, where she can't cause any trouble, adam will keep his exterminations to once a year, otherwise why wouldn't they just wipe out all of hell in one swoop unless something was keeping them from doing so? This has a couple holes to it but I'm only formulating it now, adam's comments on how they'll wipe out hell in the rescheduled extermination throws a wrench in the hole deal but we don't know half the story at this point, maybe charlie's plans was an infraction against the deal in some way? idk
One things for sure, Season two is basically Charlie and her mother reconciling their relationship, since season one was about her reconciling with her father.
Sir pentius' "death" made me laugh it was so stupid silly
okay but am I the only one who thought most of the characters battle outfits sucked 😭
I think Lilith isn't  in heaven but rather in Eden. Maybe over the years, ruling over hell became too much of a hassle or tiresome for Lilith. Like Lucifer, seeing the worst of humanity made her want something better and she made a deal with Adam to go back to Eden, a paradise in it's own right.
Charlie is obviously more powerful than Alastor, the difference is she isn't used to using it or practicing with it. You could see toward the end of the fight with Adam she was able to rustle up some intense strength that effortlessly overpowered Adam. It only happened in that one moment, but Charlie is not a fighter and not used to fighting. She spent half of this fight with a shield just blocking attacks and not retaliating at all.  Lucifer seems to be much the same way, he only punched Adam ONCE at the very start, to get him away from Charlie, the rest of the fight he just avoided him and didn't fight back at all until the very end when he hit the ground and Lucifer started beating the hell out of him. He was critical of Alastor and other demons as being mindless killers, so maybe he feels like violence is beneath him and only really uses it when has absolutely has to.  Charlie is straight up half Lucifier, presumably the most powerful or nearly the most powerful angel, and half Lilith, presumably the most powerful demon. In a lot of stories, nephilim are way more powerful than both of their respective halves combined, and she isn't just some random one, she's the one made out of the top tier power houses.  Charlie also has wings, though she strangely doesn't use them. I'm guessing they are angelic wings, like Lucifer, and perhaps she doesn't use them because of an aversion to angels (given the extermination) or the aversion to her father. But now that she has basically worked out her daddy issues and her girlfriend is an angel with wings, i'm going to guess Charlie will start using her angelic wings in season 2.
Alastor reminds me so much of Rumplestinskin from Once upon a time. did anyone else make that connection?
A small assumption from me. I don't think Adam was aware that Lilith was in heaven. And the extermination day was the plan that Lute provided as a means to distract Adam. Also maybe it was Lilith that knew that angelic weaponry works on killing sinners. And Lastly I believe that Lilith made a deal with Alastor to govern Hell in her absence, since Lucifer had gone to Seclusion (as evidence by the rubber ducks in his apartment). As for the motives of why she did it I don't know.
bro sir pentious made it to heaven bc of Charlie cant wait for episode 9 and 10 and seeing the reaction of the angels in heaven
I disagree with the hell should be better. No it really should not. That means in lore fucking hitler could do everything he did and not face any punishment for his action in death. Yea all good that sinners could work to make them self's good enough to go to heaven but in the end the idea is. Be good and have peace in heaven or suffer for your crimes in hell.   Why should the worst of peoples have any kind of better society? I mean WE HAVE SEEN the type of people down there through some of the overlords like the Vs why should they have it any better then they already do?
Something I hate in current media is killing off a character is this big dramatic and sad way only for that character to come back, and too me it makes their death feel cheap and meaningless. However with sir pentious his death wasn’t big or dramatic it was still meaningful but not over the top to the point where his return would make me feel like his sacrifice lost its meaning. It was done in a way that made it so that his return could be better woven into the story. But that’s just my opinion and if you disagree I respect that.
I feel that Lillith is on earth instead of heaven. I don't recall heaven having a beach with a sunset? But everything else sounds about right.
I think that alastor have a deal with lilith to protect charlie. Also she have a deal with heaven for those exterminations to happen and they allow her to bee in heaven
i love how emily reacted, straight up like OMGGGG IT IS POSSIBELKJBRHJEFVHBV
Surprised you didn't comment about the moment during the fight between Adam and Lucifer, when Lucifer rescues Charlie from falling, he gets momentarily distracted and it's Charlie who intercepts Adam's punch. Her arm morphs into this weird color. Adam gets surprised because he did just beat her up earlier.  The whole season I was waiting to see what Charlie could do, but I think they've barely scratched the surface in letting us know. I'm pretty sure this is intentional considering the hype this season was mostly focused on Alastor's power as an overlord. So Adam was intentionally set up for Alastor to show off his strength.  But I do theorize that Charlie hasn't grown into her full potential yet as Lucifer's and Lilith's descendant. But the show is already sowing the seeds for her to showcase her strength at some point. I'll wait for that day. (maybe next season? mother-daughter showdown to see if she's surpassed her mom?)
i think the ending for Sir Pentious was good, a quick reminder why demons haven't dared to pick a fight with the angels before. Besides they did have that build up were he knew it was a suicide mission, said his goodbye to cherrybomb and so on.  edit, if they wanted to go for the dramatic feeling they could made the dissolving of the ship in slow-motion where he looks at the hotel, friends or cherry bomb one more time, maybe crying saying he was sorry or something. but for a comedic death, this was the way to go
I think Adam's smile at the end was him getting to see Lute's face one last time..
I've watched the finale maybe 8 times today..
I think Charlie was struggling against Adam because she isn't really embracing herself fully. She wants to be liked not feared. And evoking fear is what she associates with her powers because this is what she sees around her in hell, that the strong demons are feared and not liked and respected. So she rarely taps into her powers and struggles to wield them to their full extend. She's never out to kill.
I’m thinking there is another big bad holding Alister’s leash. And Lilith will be a disruptive force undermining Charlie.
I doubt Lilith will be killed. Adam was the symbol of negative male traits, so he had to die; in turn, I don't see the show killing off the symbol of female independence, or even having her be a truly bad person. It would be funny if they were both sh*tty people since they were literally created the same way, but I can't see the show go for that.
N9
I really hope that Lilith isn't the one with Alastor's soul and that she's not going to willingly hurt Charlie or make Alastor hurt Charlie because Adam and (Lucifer?) hurt her.
I think Lilith’s deal with Adam was that she would stop inspiring sinners and letting the exterminations happen as long as she could be exempt and that she could stay in heaven.
9:46 I think I have an answer for this. If Adam revealed to Charlie that Lilith was in heaven, that would’ve revealed that sinners get to go to heaven, therefore proving Charlie right.
I’m so glad Sir Pentous got into Heaven.
I don't really like Adam or Lute that much but dang Adam's death made me feel bad for Lute
I hope Adam gets redeemed.
I have one question: where is Michael? He has to be either annoyed now or at least awake, because Adam and the exterminators are now defeated, and he the one responsible for Heavens defence, and therefore having the ‘invincible army’ of heaven be defeated is his responsibility
7:08 Funny you mention that as that's the same argument against immigration. When the best and brightest are able to do better in western countries but are desperately needed in their home countries.
Yeah, that’s a very good question. When did the extermination start. Have they been going on for centuries or is it as recent as seven years ago?
okay. this is just a stab in the dark, i will admit. but since it's one of the few characters alastor seems to be polite around, and never tries to intimidate him or anything, it COULD be possible that alastor's deal is with zestial. a bit anticlimactic, but not impossible.
I don’t know I kind of love how anticlimactic he was killed off. It was really funny. I literally laughed out loud. I feel like him having this dramatic death scene we’ve been cliché.
In my opinion there are a few different people our favorite radio demon could have made a deal with it could be Charlie's mother it could be a new character that haven't revealed yet like another Overlord or sin or it could be a what some people think it is that Alistair made a deal with a voodoo God in order to gain more power exchange for giving in the god of went to heaven to conquer and then returned he would gain ultimate power in the minion over what remains of Hell or Heaven
Seeing how Lucifer demolished Adam it’s clear that Charlie has a lot of potential in her powers. She just lacks the experience and training in using them. If she had the experience she’d definitely be stronger then Alastor and Adam
I mean if you kind of think of it that fight unfair you have a man who was in hell and who gains power through making deals with people he physically has to get his power versus the first man who's had centuries of experience but looks like he's never actually had a fair fight was given all of his power and has weapons that can pretty much cut through anything and kill pretty much anyone he is the equivalent of that cheating boss from your favorite video game you hate
We are told the sinners are immortal and whenever they are killed, they just ressurected after a while, unless killed with angelic weapons. So when Sir Pentious appears in Heaven he got ressurected, just not into hell. Possibly Hell is less of a Hell, but more of a Purgatory for sinners (maybe by design). And angelic weapons must be able to kill souls together with physical body, if they are to stop them ressurecting.
The Hazbin Hotel Finale in Season 1 is a real tearjerker especially with Sir Pentious' death, but at least he's in Heaven especially since he got redeemed. Also I was definitely shocked to see Lilith at the end of the episode. I wonder what she'll be like in Season 2.
Charlie isn't stronger then Alasator because using her power would be "so meeeeeeean", so she has never really trained it. She likely has more *potential* power then Alastor and we see a hint of that here. And he outright states with Rosey that he sees the power in her and wants to get in on the ground floor. Either for his own reasons or for whomever he has a deal with. (Likely Lilith but i wouldn't be shocked if she was a red hearring)  I think the reason Pentious went to heaven, from a story perspective, is exactly to showcase in season 2 the things being said in this video. He's not going to be better off up there. He is cut off from his friends, from his crush who he just confessed to. I think its going to give Charlie a push to keep trying to get souls out of heaven but her big growth in season 2 is to learn they can improve things down here, in particular if we learn exactly what makes it so souls go to one place or another
Sera frowns, and emily smiles I thing this shows sera knew it eas possible but ddint want it to So she would agree with lute going to lilith to stop charlie from doing it again Why  Well what if the demons would taint the holiness and mingle the idea of letting humanity be human True freedom to be themselves and the best parts of themselves healing thier wounds For the angels that means they have to mingle with demons too once they get up there Charlie started a huge movement  Yeah she gets them in there but the angels would have to keep up and track them so they dont go back to their own ways or try to cope in heaven  Lots of ppl self destruct in positive situations bc they have been in truama for so long their coping methods are toxic to positivity
I was under the impression Lilith had a deal with Lute to get Adam killed given how that conversation happened, likely making Lilith the very reason he get's sent to hell if that's the case (considering how it's never confirmed that lilith ever died and Adam still looking more human than anything else putting into question if HE ever died either.) which makes ALOT more sense for motivation, setting up behind the scenes deals to get the person Lilith would understandably hate the sot dead, all the while Adam being to conceited self-centered and prideful to ever realize he's getting played and set up to get killed.  Honestly I'm pretty sure that's what was being implied more than anything else looking at how all dialogue played out and I've got no clue where you got the idea that Lilith made a deal with Adam and not Lute specifically (which would add even more reason to why Lute lived and Adam didn't, she only played along to fulfil her deal with lilith with out letting Adam catch on.)
*see killins death on namekin fields Welll  Ive see some hilarious one shot deaths that made the main character super over charged and filled with determination *Cue undertale theme
the biggest thing that vivzie pop would do is resurrecting adam to hell for good and would try to gain favors to charlie...also i think sir pentious being in heaven was destined from the start, like when he was introduce, he was this warmonger achievement hungry demon, and in the hotel after being seen by vaggie and angel dust, he knows that his time was short but charlie helped him and redeemed his mistakes, and i think he was one of the innocent sinner in hell, as seen when cheeri bomb visited for the first time, pentious was somehow head over heels on cherri just like an innocent guy profess his love though awkward.....yea i think its high chance that adam would be returning to hell for good as the new resident to the hotel, dont know how but high chance, maybe adam and alastor might become best buddies or rivals but wont dare to fight each other, like adam got a total reset
i’d disagree about the some demons staying behind to make hell better point. Charlie believes every sinner can be redeemed and that they just need guidance. Charlie’s not taking the “good people” of hell and redeeming them. She’s just taking the average sinner and making them better. Angel, and seemingly cherry, weren’t good sinners, they might not have been the worst but they weren’t good. However now that they are in the hotel they are better.   hell’s not worse off for the removal of sinners, the individual sinners are just better off.
Another possibility is that Lillith was always tired of Hell when she was first banished so she made a deal with Adam to stage a fake uprising to convince Sera & the higher ups to approve the exterminations.  It would also a more believable twist the story at the beginning of episode more since Lilith never really cared about other sinners and was only after her own feeedom & self interests
I doubt that everyone in hell would want to be in heaven even if they know that sir pentious is still alive and was scent to heaven  whether it's the overlords or common people like mimzie or the people of cannable town because they don't really care about heaven they just wanna whatever the fuck they want because like Lucifer said heaven is so restrictive and has a lot of rules heck even pentious might not end up liking his new self over time and would try to go back to hell
5:06 calling it now they’re going to do the exact same thing with Alastor in the series finale
Power scaling would mean nothing in this series. There are no power levels for Alastor or Adam. Adam was more powerful because of his status. But truthfully, he wasn’t even as powerful as he thought he was, because the angels initially believed they were invincible. Alastor is basically the same as Adam. They’re two sides of the same coin. One made a deal that made him an angel and the other a demon. But ultimately Adam has the backing of Heaven, who up until his final moments, gave him the power he needed for the exterminations. Once Adams, true nature was revealed, they took his power and he was killed.
Ep 8 was epic and awesome.
Sir Pentious showing up at Emily and Sera makes me think Emily will try to get a meeting with Charlie about her plan, now having evidence that her hotel does work. but the hazbins not trusting any meeting with the angels yet might take some time for them to come around to that.
I laughed when pentious just fucking died
I hated how the V’s talked about how the overlords should fight the angels and none of them helped if even to backstab alistor
Why is the first woman called Lillith and not Eve? The guy was called Adam.
Adam will be back, i think
i think they didn't reveal who owns alastor because they have to make a second season
Bruhh i think lute left adams body in hell 🗿😭
I think Alastor made a deal with Lilith too since it seems they were both gone around the same time and only recently Alastor returned.   Maybe Lilith wanted to help since Charlie was a kid but obviously too young to do anything she's doing now so she's been planning something else or pulling strings in the background.  If she is behind the exterminations then maybe it's something like the Trolley Problem, she metaphorically pulled the level and a minority or hell dies but in the long run the foundations of heaven and hell shatter and more people are saved from hell and basically everyone for the future. Either that or leave it as it is. Maybe her and Lucifer tried to talk to heaven about it a lot and it just didn't work so she took the mor drastic step to save as many people as she could, just not everyone because it wasn't in the cards
THEY COULD HAVE DONE SO MUCH MORE WITH ADAM,HE BETTER RETURN IDC ,THERE WAS SO MUCH POTENTIAL SO MUCH MORE PLOT
I feel Sir Pentious's death actually works. Alastor couldn’t handle Adam, how could Sir Pentious? Further more it adds to the scene being heartwrenching, because he never stood and a chance and he dissapeared just like that, i almost didn’t understand at first that he was truly dead. His sacrifice felt almost like it was for nothing and that was painful to know about, because how dare it be that way? But it is that way, irl its always been that way. And this show deals with a lot of existential questions. It doesn't take away from the scene, it is just different in the way it is experienced.  Talking from experiences, since my dad has died of a heart attack on the streets right next to me. I was usured to the side, unknowing of what happened. A first aid responder came up to me, and i was told she probably needed to ask questions about my dad's stuff and history, only for the first thing out of her mouth to have been "He's dead."  No explanation, not gloves, no epic fight against death from his side, he just fuxking died on the sidewalk while walking with me. I had just seen him talking and well a couple of minutes ago!... so i dont hate that this is what happened with sir Pentious. It feels more real and present than if the scene had followed the code for a character's typical death.
I wish sir pentious would have managed to at least throw Adam of balance for a second, buying them some time and then quickly be obliterated. It just felt like he didn't do anything.
The fact lucifer mentions doing adam's first and second wife got me more confused.
Charlie is more powerful then Alastor the reason that she wasn't as effective against Adam was because she's not a fighter while Alastor has been fighting and killing other sinners and overlords ever since he got to hell
Im so disappointed that adam died in such a cartoonish way man ,he was my fav character. I was expecting to learn more about him ,his backstory and stuff but noooo
Seeing adam's face was like being excited for a movie adaptation of your favorite series and finding out the main character is voiced by Chris Pratt
bro sir pentius is look like napoleon
Alastor is a sinner that rapidly rose on power killing a lot of overlords in the process of course he'll have experience fighting, Charlie on the other doesn't.  Charlie is stronger but she doesn't know how to use that power, and the fact she always holds back
we will know in 2025 only
Lilith was the one who instigated the raising of an army against Heaven and Lute mentions that hell was pardoned against an exorcist blade, perhaps that's connected to Lilith? Just a thought
I think charlie is stronger than alastor but she doesnt know how to use that strength because she has never needed to. It's like being physically strong but not knowing hot to throw a punch you know?
Charlie didnt even go full demon. When fighting Adam she shows she can still transform further when she transforms he arm to defend against his attack  I also feel a lot of Alastors power comes from Lilith. I think he was powerful before for a sinner (hence toppling ovelords), but when whatever deal he struck (most likely with Lilith) made him ever stronger but at the cost she now owns him. Plus Charlie never fought before, she was always a pacifist. So there is a good chance she would be significantly more powerful than Alastor IF she learned to actually control her power
Just thought I'd say it here, you wrote Liith in the title instead of Lilith
Ummmm I thought everyone know that angel can be kill by angelic-stell sense we saw vaggie eyes was gouged with an angelic-spear
Adam was kinda based
I hope you'll make a theory at the end of the ep 8 when alastor was singing  Hope you see this❤
Really wonder if Adam and Lute loved each other. The way he looked at her before he died.. Now it'd be interesting to see him being reborn in hell as a demon. Also I wonder if Lute will stay hateful and miserable until the end or if she'll be redeemed at some point. Yeah we need our antagonists but it'd give much more depth to her character.
i do think bc at the start with sir pentious bc he wasnt with any of the v's it seem making more then likey he is a rare few that still owns his soul, making it so when he is fully killed his soul was free to move about to heaven.  if ture would make more of a thing that the v's get the power of the soul and all of it when they fully die, making it so they no longer a thing. could say then the all the ppl that are left out to be killed would be the ones with sold souls would be gone forever as power for one of the v's.
I reaaly want to believe that Lilith was up in heaven just so she can work up some plan to help charlie. She just never seemed an antagonist to me. She seemed like the light of liberation like charlie. Maybe she was just trying to weaken heaven from inside, and the extermination just a way to putt off extintion of hell. And she just left lucifer so she seemed good and have a better chance at getting into heaven.
Charlies weakness against Adam and in general most powerful beings is that it seems her Demonic powers more recently started taking hold and her Angelic nowhere to see on top, most people treat her as if her Angelic powers/blood arent a thing. And taking from the scene where she singlehandedly stopped Adam in his tracks (with a pretty showy cinematography) it looks like that will be an emphasis in S2, Charlies powers developing and having to learn to control and use them, and eventually discovering her Angelic side
I also think that if the snake really went to heaven due to a death without angelic weapons then other souls Should have made it to heaven as well. Considering that there are decent Sinners and being from the Start of time (for humans) and to now, there Has to have been one or two at Least.  Also I don’t know if im correct but I thought that the exterminations have been going on for hundreds of years or more.
tbh, i think that Lilith will be a anti villain or just tragic villian, if not a villian at all but a tragic character. I think the true villian of HH will be Alastor 100%
2:23 felt like that one scene in gravity falls, when bill cipher one shotted time baby. Lol
7:32 yeah no a Lot of demons will wanna stay. Especially if they have an “empire”
3:01 Charlie still held back. Not “Full demon” because later on she shows her True power as you can tell by her stopping his Glide down Punch without any recoil or anything   4:23 also yeah but Lucifer is a Real Angel or a “Saraphim”
i want adam to kill all of the hell and resurect
Best scene was nifty when she killed Adam
I cried laughing with how fast the snake died. An I loved the character.
I think Charlie was still holding back during the figh with Adam. Towards the end, she briefly let out her full power and literally stopped Adam in his tracks with one hand.
But, where is eve
Watif lilith made the deal that her family never get exterminated but adam said nah this epesode so
I thought it was Eve in the end
It was said that the exterminations had been happening for thousands of years
I think the reason they killed off Pentious really quickly and funny, was that they probably didn't want us to feel for him. Like, killing off a character, setting the mood and all, feel so sad that they died. only for them to live, is like... a pain in the ahh.
YES I'VE BEEN THINKING ALISTOR WAS OWNED BY LILITH TOO SINCE THE EPISODE IT WAS REVEALED HE WAS OWNED BY CONTRACT
The whole Alastor Vs. Adam scene doesn't make much sense to me at all and I'm very confused lol. First, it almost felt like Alastor wasn't trying, and yet he did curse which he only does when he's feeling true anger or some other really strong emotion. So, why didn't we see a full transformation into his Demon form if he was actually trying against Adam? Did he just underestimate? Was he holding back on purpose? Or does the leash he's on hold him back? Or maybe it was just poor writing when it comes to consistency. I'm just very confused. Also, the part where his cane breaks is funny, but it also confuses me. How did Adam only hit his cane? Why was Alastor holding it in front of himself to begin with? What is the true significance of his cane? (Viv has made statements in the past about his cane but I don't know if we can expect the cannon to be the same as what she originally had planned for her characters) I'm also confused about why Alastor was confused??? What does he mean what just happened?? Maybe he really did just underestimate Adam's power and so he didn't really give it all he's got and dropped his guard down too much due to ego??? Idk.   I really hope we get more answers next season and get to see more of who the characters are and how they connect to each other. I was a little disappointed with the way the battle went. I'm ok with the main plot points, like Alastor losing to Adam, Charlie and Lucifer working together against Adam, and Vaggie vs Lute. I just feel like some things could've been executed better. I hope next season they're able to work on improving the small details and focus on consistency or at least give us answers for why things went the way they did in the finale.
The one i have been asking was....cant they heal adam if they brought his body back no??
the snake guy is in heven yes
I thought it would be funny if nifty killed Adam and was so proud of myself of when she did💀also seeing pencious become an angel means there’s a second death and was hoping Adam was staying in hell but with an angelic weapon that’s not happening 💀
I cant believe they just had to kill them
Hear me out, Sir Pentious wasn’t killed by Adam because of the Insta evaporation. He was actually redeemed RIGHT BEFORE he was about to be killed because he earned heaven by his willingness to sacrifice himself for his friends. Think about it, we literally never see Adam posses the ability to Insta kill + make them disappear completely.
Adam's ego got the best of him ngl
No matter what they say, do, etc. I really want Lilith to be a villain. Not a misunderstood one, just a purely evil one. Maybe she changed out of greed, whatevs. I just want one of the first demons to actually be evil!!!!!
Also uhhhhhh what happens when a sinner who did some bad shit sees a angel they hurted Directly
Pretty sure her deal involved keeping her family save. We know that  the Morningstar family was excempt from exterminatiom
One thing I really hate and that's the face that they killed Adam he was my favorite character not that I'm so sad for his death but now I know I've never hear any of his comedy which was my favorite, unless he respawn in hell which would be interesting
I think alastor sold their soul for lilith and alastor tries to get to heaven to get revenge
Might want to fix the title, Liliths?
I mean... Pentius being redeemed also has a different conotation other than "Let's keep redeeming going". He literally spawned in next to Emily and Sera rather than going through St. Peter at the Gates.  It could just be the big G (who we don't know if he exists in the Hellaverse) to cause Sera to reconsider the wickedness of Hell.  The two worlds could just coexist without war... Some real dedicated Sinners could find redemption and maybe some exorcists go to Hell to engage in the Violence they've already grown accustomed to.
Dude it would be mind blowing if he was owned by god himself
Valentino definately knew that he dodged a bullet when he saw Nifty stabbing the hell into Adam 💀💀
I have a theory that sera probably will keep sir pentious away from everyone else and try to keep him a secret for as long as she can and sir pentious probably started to write letters to Charlie that he made it to heaven. but sera has been collecting the letters and hiding them until Emily found a letter and possibly arrives there in person to give the letter to Charlie and the cast finding out that he indeed made it there and they probably wondering that he made 15 or 100 letters and they only have the 69th letter.
are  you sure she was in heaven I think that she is on earth
The way Sir Pentious died had me messed up. I literally went “That’s it?” out loud. Just a poof and he’s gone. Didn’t even get a shot at Adam
8:00 video starts here
It's important to note that Sir Pentious got to heaven because of Redemption + Death. This suggests that in order for the Hazbin Hotel to achieve its original goal, it not only needs to rehabilitate the sinner to move them on, they also need to die to to complete the process, something that sinners can't ordinarily do without the intervention of angelic weapons.   This also means that redeemed sinners can opt to stay behind to make hell a better place if they're so inclined, all they have to do is avoid being killed, which isn't actually that difficult since they're biologically immortal. Then when it is their time and an angelic weapon does fell them, they can go to heaven as a reward for their hard work. It's not so different from how the mortal world works except sinners can't die of natural causes.
I suspect that they’re keeping the whole redemption to enter Heaven direction because there are some Sinners that are definitely looking for a way out of their current life - notably Angel Dust, who is still under Valentino’s contract. Him staying in Hell is probably what’s perpetuating the deal over his soul, so the prospect of him ditching Val and escaping into Heaven to be with his family (well… the good ones at least) should be a good endgoal for him.
I was cool with the way Sir Pentious went out tbh. It matched his brand of comedy very well imo. And his build-up was awesome. I wasn't exactly  happy about it in the moment, but the reveal that Sir Pentious wasn't gone redeemed it for me. It would have been a terrible ending for him, but it was a hilarious and kind of heartwarming way to get him redeemed. And he gets to be the first one, which I'm very satisfied about. Dude was the first to honestly try at the hotel. I think it's only right. Just my two cents.  As for Alistor, watching him use his power was cool af. No clue what to expect from him aside from trying to escape whatever deal he has and gain more power and shit. Which tracks.  Charlie I think still has more power than we've seen so far, power I doubt she knows she has. In my mind there is no way the princess of hell just gets beaten that easily, even by Adam. Way too lame.   And Lilith? I don't think she's just up there hiding. I think she's another character with a much bigger plan than we've been shown. Maybe she's also trying to save the citizens of Hell, in her own way. Something to do with Alistor I bet.
On your point of how Lilith and Adam are similar on their views of hellborn, I agree but I think they let lute live because she was more extreme than Adam. He even tells her to tone it down before the extermination after a comment she makes. She is now not only driven by her hatred of sinners but also 1. Vengeance for Adam and 2. Revenge to Vaggie. Heaven will definitely want to retaliate after the death of Adam and now there’s the most ruthless angel in heaven burning with the vengeance of a thousand suns in charge which will pose much more of a risk than this seasons battle.
In the bit where u spoke ab why didn’t Adam bring up the fact Lilith is in Heaven? Maybe he never knew. Maybe the deal was with Lute?
As someone who knows the lore because they've been a long time fan . Sinners respawn . The only thing able to complety destroy a sinner are angelic weapons. And while sir pentious was blasted with an angel beam he wasn't slain with an angelic weapon so he reappeared after a while. Adam will most likely never reappear neither in heaven nor in hell . He was stricken down using an angelic weapon the only thing capable of destroying a once human soul.
I hope Adam enjoys his stay at the hotel ❤
Do we know if Lucifer and Charlie were not excluded from the extermination in the beginning? Is so there is a chance that Lilith made a deal with Adam to exclude them in exchange for leaving hell and stopping a rebellion from starting in hell
I had the same thoughts charile just try to make hell better
I wish sir pentious would have managed to at least throw Adam of balance for a second, buying them some time and then quickly be obliterated. It just felt like he didn't do anything.
I wish we had more eps cause this is just me but it feels like it’s coming out of no where
Also why is nobody questioning that Alastor said “Once I find out how to unclip my wings guess who will be pulling all the strings.”
What if the one that hot charlie that meeting in heavem was lilith. Cuz how did lucifer achieved that.? According to adam he is the most hated guy in all creation so i dont sera would just talk to him .
I dont think Adam killed Sir Pentious. I like the theory that his soul was recognize and got redeemed and go to heaven before he got killed. Since I think Adam power would be the same as heaven weapon. Which after you got stab the soul will just stay in pain and will unable to go to heaven or hell. just disappear
I wish sir pentious would have managed to at least throw Adam of balance for a second, buying them some time and then quickly be obliterated. It just felt like he didn't do anything.
I believe that Adam and Lilith have a deal to try and redeem sinners behind Lucifer and Eve's back. It's probably why Sir Pentious got redeemed and sent infront of Sera and Emily after getting blasted by Adam's Holy Beam.
Charlie is more powerful than Alastor by virtue of being the child of a Fallen Angel and the first Sinner Demon in Lilith, the issue is Alastor has significantly more combat experience while Charlie is a pacifist by nature. Before Pentious was defeated Charlie was fighting with a shield and not dealing lethal blows just repelling Angel's attacks against her, plus she's shown in the show time after time that she's a pacifist who believes the best of people. She had enough pure angelic/demonic magic to block a angelic power boosted punch from Adam while her Dad was carrying her which is no small feat, Alastor would likely have been sent flying if not had a hole punched through him if he tried that.
Adam was actually so cool because his design was so cool but he was such a butthole tho
To be honest, i DO remember lucifer saying charlie did the most impossible thing in 1000 years, so maybe thats when the extermination DID begin, idk, but im still shocked abt lilith.
Before watching the video, my theory is that Lilith had a hand with the “uprising” heaven keeps talking about and Lilith made the deal with Adam to let them in to slaughter hells citizens as long as she got a free pass into heaven.
But I’m with you on that I thought they would change gears and change their focus into stopping terminations and turning hell into a better place but there’s still focused on getting into heaven, so I guess we’ll see where it goes
That has been driving me crazy what happens to Adam now that he’s dead if serpent just went to heaven, that means they all good or no and even if a sinner was killed by an angel what happens to them they’re already dead, and at the end of the season finale when Luke says Adam is deadwhat does that even mean he was already dead he was an angel I’m so confused
I hope Adam isn’t gone. I think there’s a very unique perspective that he brings being that he is the first Man and the father of humanity. I feel like for a story about redeeming sinners the idea of a father rejecting their own children because of a title that he himself didn’t know how they were given is a good story they could tell of his acceptance for all his children regardless. A true Father to Humanity. Doubtful but still
Theory:  You do good the next time you die you will go to heaven You do bad The next time you die you will go to hell Doesn't matter where you are it's all balanced
Damn, #8 on trending is crazy
Would it be ironic if Alastair's soul was held by Charlie's grandfather, GOD?
Honestly, my take is she is playing the long con and made the best of a horrid situation. wouldent be surprised if she led a revolt got fucked and decided to at least take the L and negotiate while they could while still esseintally supporting revolt while also buying time and still chilling with alsastor
Adam is going to return in season 2 because 1. His character arc doesn’t seem over 2. He could reincarnate/regenerate in hell like sir pensige got redeemed to heaven and we can see how Adam reacts in hell3. We still didn’t see how Adam, Lilith, and Eve will interact with each other 4. Maybe Adam will go to the hazbin hotel to try to get back to heaven and we can see how he interacts with the main cast 5. Maybe Adam and Alastor make a deal This is just a theory, a film theory
One things for sure, Season two is basically Charlie and her mother reconciling their relationship, since season one was about her reconciling with her father.
Holy shit the pacing just got worse and worse. This should’ve been 16 episodes, not 8.
wait what? isn't lilith and eve the same person?
9:51 I am laughing my ass off... exactly what I was thinking after watching this ep lol Adam would so make it a your mom joke
adam should have been the sin of pride due to his superiority complex
The fact that it was nifty was the person who killed Adam was the perfect she show us that no matter how important he made himself sound the fact that both of the joke character did him in was amazing
Maybe Lilith is kinda just like Adam, she wants what was promised to her before she left the garden of Eden. And part of that is not being subjugated to be stuck in hell. So yadi yada she creates an uprising so she can make a deal that lets her be back in heaven.
If I’m being honest I didn’t really like sir pantious that much, he just seemed a little annoying to me. But also I was pretty upset at how he died, he was still pretty cool and didn’t deserve going out that way
You know it’s completely glossed over that Vaggie is missing an eye…and her original wings…because an angel used an angelic weapon to remove them…  Vaggie had first hand experience that angels were not invincible. How did this not once come up and it took this whole arc with Carmella having a secret and ultimately Charlie making a deal with Alastor to get that info?
I think the exterminations happened 10,000 years ago, as highlighted by lucifer telling charlie that "no one had done what she did in the last 10,000 years" or something like that
I thought pentious got to heaven through self sacrifice.
Yeah I also think you made a great point. It would be more interesting if they tried to make hell better rather than just trying to leave.   The exterminations almost seem justified if almost everyone in hell is a horrible person.
My favorite seens 4:52 6:15
I wish adam didnt die
bro wheres god in all this
honestly i know adams is a dosche bag but thats just unfair he had to single handedly go up agains  the whole hazbin squad alister the fucking princes of hel AND lucifer just my opinion though
Now i want Adam being a sinner and trying to get back to heaven trought the Hazbin Hotel and understand how much of an aweful person he is
There isn't any evidence aside from circumstantial coincidence that Alastor has anything to do with Lilith. Hell, even in the pilot, the only thing even close to a hint that they have any connection at all is Alastor narrowing his eyes when looking at the portrait of Lilith, Charlie and Lucifer. A narrowing of the eyes does not a leash-holder make. Sorry, not sorry.  With the only other possible evidentiary ties to Lilith having power over Alastor being that he happened to show up after Charlie called Lilith in the pilot (debunkable, due to Alastor seeing Charlie fighting with Katie Killjoy in the pilot and doing his whole dark wide smile thing) and that they both fucked off from Hell at the same general time frame of seven years. I've said it before, and I'll say it again. Just because two prominent figures in Hell fuck off around the same time, does not mean they are in cahoots.
Also why is nobody questioning that Alastor said “Once I find out how to unclip my wings guess who will be pulling all the strings.”
I think Adam's smile at the end was him getting to see Lute's face one last time..
I hope charlie learns that sir pentious made it to heaven  I mean her hopes about the hotel we will get even higher 🎉
People doesn't talk about this so i think i'm the only one who teared up when Adam smile at Lute as he died. I feel like there is something between those two, i mean the look on Adam's face when he saw Lute and how Lute cry and scream Adam's name, i just thought there was a strong bond between them. Idk romantically or not, but there was a bond.
Damn h a on number 9 trending
I cane here for 1 reason, and one reason only.     Who the fuck is Liith?
I think I agree with Lilith “hiring” Alastor to bodyguard Charlie, especially with one of his very first lines saying he say her fiasco on the “picture show”, or tv, which he’d never watch because of his hate for them
Adam is gonna come back in season 2 but now he is in hell fallen or as a sinner not sure what to classify him as but since snake boie can go up means you can go down and well they both died so all my money on  adam coming back season 2 maybe even being Alister's bitch boy that would be great
it makes sence that carmine didnt join the battle imo, her whole character was about keeping the figting away from her and her family. she only killed the angel out of desperation to begn with and absolutly did not want them targetting her family for it which is why she kept quiet in the first place. joining the fight just paints a target on her familys back in case the angels decide to retaliate or if they had failed
What if the extermination is how one got to heaven? It was a test to measure suitability. No one knows what happened after someone died in hell.  Sir P ended up where he did, which may be a clue.  Others get blotted out.
I feel Sir Pentious's death actually works. Alastor couldn’t handle Adam, how could Sir Pentious? Further more it adds to the scene being heartwrenching, because he never stood and a chance and he dissapeared just like that, i almost didn’t understand at first that he was truly dead. His sacrifice felt almost like it was for nothing and that was painful to know about, because how dare it be that way? But it is that way, irl its always been that way. And this show deals with a lot of existential questions. It doesn't take away from the scene, it is just different in the way it is experienced.  Talking from experiences, since my dad has died of a heart attack on the streets right next to me. I was usured to the side, unknowing of what happened. A first aid responder came up to me, and i was told she probably needed to ask questions about my dad's stuff and history, only for the first thing out of her mouth to have been "He's dead."  No explanation, not gloves, no epic fight against death from his side, he just fuxking died on the sidewalk while walking with me. I had just seen him talking and well a couple of minutes ago!... so i dont hate that this is what happened with sir Pentious. It feels more real and present than if the scene had followed the code for a character's typical death.
I honestly hope they bring adam back, I feel like he was written greatly but they definitely could of taken his character in other directions
Hopefully season 2 won’t be too long of a wait
I bet Adam will become a Sinner demon in Hell and will eventually join Charlie to fight Lute, Lilith, Roo and the villains.
You really could have at least gone with a less spoiler heavy thumb nail. People spoiling the series for others isn't cool at all.
is it weird that i dated someone who looks like adam but with out the gold eyes like if i cartoonify him i would get adam
Adam  immediately flicking sir pen: don’t want a snake to cuck me again
5:30 is that angel’s brother 😳
Its been clarified the Exterminations have been happening since the near begging of Hell.  I think this might have been Lilith's plan to take herself out of the equation to make hell a better place and now that Adam is dead she can now do that.  I didn't think that Alastor felt more liberated in that one scene. It makes me think he May have made a deal with some unknown entity that we haven't seen yet. If that's the Case and that fight was a Taste of Freedom Perhaps what he needs is to Make Charlies Dreams come true. If he had Killed Adam then perhaps he would have been let out of his deal. Or maybe he would have taken Adams soul and that would fulfil the contract he's bound by.
Men I still want Adam to be alive, but he dead
I think the concern about hell being underpopulated by good people?   I think the missing piece there is death. So exterminations would STILL have to happen or death would. Especially if Adam ends up in hell. It'll be a circle.
Season 1 is good and if they chose to delay season 2 for better quality im fine with that
2:55 I actually think it’s perfect because it shows how little Adam cares and the extent of his power
Rip sir.pentious
I do feel like you missed some of context of the show:  Firstly Camilla didn't participate because she hates violence, they make that very clear. She didn't want to have to ever kill anyone, but she had to as a parent that 1 time, and for her if violence can be avoided it will. She doesn't care about other people fighting, as long as she can protect what is closest to her... She is a mother after all.  It almost feels like you missed the premise of the show aswell, it was never about making hell a better place to live. Only the hotel, because the hotel is ment to give redemption for sinners, so there is no cause for war, and no threat to heaven due to hells growing numbers, and to prove the point that even the worst of people can change.   And finally Lilith most likely never made a deal with Adam. Listen to what lute says at the end "Adam is dead, your deal is done, im in charge now"   Lilith most likely made a deal for Adam to be killed with Lute, and if you know the story of Adam and Lilith, she had every reason to want that, because it is due to Adam that she was discarded, and sent to Lucifer's side.
I actually appreciated how Sir Pentios was killed. In terms of the power difference between them, that's about how the fight should've gone keeping everything consistent
I really think Lilith isn't in Heaven, but in Eden.
Just to play devil's advocate what if Lilith being there was a condition for keeping Charlie safe from the extermination?I also think Lucifer knows exactly where she is and why as this could explain his mysterious contact in heaven. Plus that definitely seems like something Adam would do to get back at both of them.
Sir Pentious should've been a genuine sacrifice. His death was meaningless. Intent matters, sure, but he didn't do anything. Anything would've been better than what we got.
I don't really like hazbin hotel's ending simply because it has so much untapped potential. it could have been a more serious and definitly didn't take itself seriously enough during the fight scenes which didn't sit right with me, along with how quickly they move on from sir pentious's death. it all just feels so anticlimactic
i think angel would stay to help hell, and maybe some angels would help too?
8:25 Lute in episode one says Lucifer is the one the created the pardon for the hellborn to be exempt from the extermination which seems to imply they originally wanted to kill imps and such as well but mandated to only kill the Sinners. Now Lute could be lying about this and Adam agreed, but there is some implication that the exterminations have been going on for a while and Lilith probably doesn't really have much pull in heaven as much as Lucifer does since Sera is clearly the angel in the know about it and since Adam follows her instructions about not telling people about the extermination makes me think she is the one in charge of it over all even if Adam is the commander so to speak.   It would make more sense if she just kinda got sick of hell because like Lucifer just views humanity just have always been bad, technically she is the only human to not be related to anyone on earth, but I get the feeling there is something else going on and Lilith being a villain is a red herring. Mostly because Eve exists somewhere just we never see her ever, but it's a sore spot for Adam  with how Lucifer taunts him. So I'm guessing she didn't make it into heaven if Adam is just banging random girls and not being faithful to his second wife.
Theory Lucifer’s soul belongs to Lilith that’s why he made a deal with Charlie
Also what do you think if viv pulls the rug out from under our asses and he made a deal with an ars goetian or one of the sins rather than eve/lilith?>
Hey so idea that popped up: Lilith made a deal to help Adam start the purge Adam hated hell particularly lucifer and hated that he still had any power (cause you know he seems like a control freak and married his first wife then gave the second free will). The purges started with a "Rebelion" inspired by Lillith and so hell wouldn't act up they started killing sinners. Lilith did this to have some kind of escape? Maybe so she could enjoy paradise or something along those lines and waited like a century before leaving to not arouse suspicion. Maybe she was unhappy because Lucifer showed no major initive or will to do much other than wallow in failed creations and such and thought it would make him take a stand as the king of hell?
I feel like with Lilith- her deal with Adam was in exchange for being permitted to stay in Heaven she will no longer power hell by using her singing by luring sinners (like in the prelude). I think she’s doing this because Lilith is just burnt out over being queen of a people that don’t really respect her or she sees no good in (like how Lucifer did before Charlie changed his mind) Charlie isn’t exactly a reliable narrator so her believing that Lilith thrived after the fall and that she cares about her people could be untrue. I also think that Vox and Lilith have similar powers (Lilith’s singing and Vox’s hypnosis eye thing) so maybe there’ll be a confrontation there
I just wanna know      When is sir pentious gonna pop some Cherri’s and I hope he gets to visit the hotel every once in awhile
thing is, NO ONE knows hazbin hotel works for the moment outside of sera/emily. Plus it implies you have to die a heroic death to get into heaven [which...vahalla much?] and I don't think Charlie wants to have to kill her people to make them go to heaven. She may continue to make hell a better place rather than murder her own friends for the sake of a corrupted """paradise"".
tbh im not surprised that the exorcists lost so badly. As carmilla said, they all were fighting as if they knew they wouldnt die or get hurt. They're all just twisted cleanup crew. Not soldiers. The only angels that actually could fight properly were Adam and Lute. Bro imagine how heavens actual fucking army fights instead of these exorcists
I've seen this and I think Viv drawd humans better than furries. Just look at Adam he is so hot xd
I have to disagree on one point Charlie fought better against Adam than Alastor Let me explain: Alastor taunted Adam, made him waste some time, dodged his attacks, used some tricks with his shadows, tentacles and minions like a guerrilla fighter but the second Adam manage to land a single hit Alastor was out of the fight fearing for his life Charlie on the other end actually hurts Adam and manages to block and redirect his attacks now, Adam mopped the floor with Charlie too but don't mistake Alastor facade in an attempt to taunt Adam for real strength
I think that the deal he is stuck with is an unstable almost destroyed soul helping keep al stable while al keeps his shadow/second soul stable as well keeping each other alive and al doing favors for the other soul
The entire series is a whole is a complete rush to me considering how many years they took a break from this series,no idea how Sir pentious just become good or why was he trying to kill Alastor,not to mention the the entire concept on how vaggie was an angel seems just too rush
Lilith likely made a deal with Adam where she agrees to relinquish her position in Hell and live peacefully in Heaven if her daughter and Lucifer are spared in the extermination. As a result of her selfless act, she still gets entry into Heaven. Adam probably kept this deal a secret because he didn’t want others to know that it is possible for damned souls to be redeemed and go to Heaven. I don’t know why he would keep this a secret since having more souls in Heaven benefits the Angels empire, but it’s probably got something to do with keeping the status quo. Alastor is likely a power hunger wendigo looking to strike deals with the Morningstars to become the most powerful being.
I think sir pentious getting one shot proves how strong Adam is that he can just bam kill easily but sir pentious if he did shoot could have slowed Adam down and help them but it allowed the other characters to fight for him
My theory is angelic power can negate demons powers. That’s why Alastor lost and a angelic beam from Adam could disintegrate all of Sir Pentious and his ship.   That’s why Lucifer and Adam are more evenly matched.  BUT. Charlie has both angel and demon blood inside her.  She NEGATED Adams power which made him freak out, because it shouldn’t be possible.😊 That’s why I think Charlie is more powerful than any demon or angel, and as a result, more powerful than Alastor.
Eh, Charlie is still the daughter of Lucifer and Lilith the First Sinner, and they were fighting on her home turf, which might have some sort of connection with her parents. So I would guess that her potent lineage and home-field advantage factored into her strength and relative resistence to Angelic power. That said, Adam clearly had greater mastery over his powers and skills to use them. Thus, Adam's performance in combat was more consistent, while Charlie needed to be angry or determined enough to briefly unlock her true strength.  Since Angelic power is shown to be clearly superior to demonic power, Alastor fought with a clear disadvantage. After all, no amount of skills, voodoo stuff or physical strength would matter if your enemy could cut you the way a hot knife cuts through butter.   I wasn't shocked at all to see Alastor rattled by his brush with final death. With his desire to be free from his mysterious contract, I would guess that not only does the contract compelled him to be in the hotel, but it somehow and somewhat weakened him. The harrowing experience must have either reminded him of how weakened or helpless he was, or just triggered some terrible past trauma.
Isnt charlie half seraphim?
honestly I think it was way too fast paced, spreading it out over 12 episodes would have been better, also I think Lilith is a coward and a hypocrit. she abandoned her family and is chilling in heaven while the people who trusted, admired, and loved her are all being slaughtered because of the exterminations.
He's owned by EVE
Ok i believe i know the reason the way to go to heaven is as stupid sounds from LOVE charlie mother may have died and because "loves changes everything she end in heaven like the snake" it may happend not on pourpose but i believe only angels can go to heaven and come back is why she is not able to go to hell, as for alastor he wants wings meaning he wants to go to heaven is the only way to find what he wants
Ooooh hear me out, purgatory.... Where is that? Why hasnt anyone mentioned it?
When Alastor started singing on the Finale song I was thinking of him wanting revenge or something, but he simply got all smiley again healed up.
im hoping pentious hasn't lost his memory and could visit hell at anytime.
Char Naol 7 years vacation 😂
I was so happy that Lucifer showed up!! Usually shows don't include powerful characters and leave it to the main cast. But hazbin hotel said Nope! We gonna have the king of hell battle with the leader of the angel baby!!
i think and do not flame me that roo is who made a deal with alastor
Still hoping Adam falls in his death and becomes a sinner.
I wish Vaggie had killed Adam
Lucifer tells Charlie that shes the first person in 10000 years or something to change things. That means the exterminations mustve been going on for millenia
A good quote or two from a fan dub of a completely different franchise that explains Lucifer coming in clutch are: “I am the devil. From. bible. How have I not impressed this upon you yet?” And “THIS IS NOTHING TO ME!! YOU ARE NOTHING TO ME!! I CAN DO THIS WHENEVER I WANT!!” -The devil from bible from shadow real time fan dub games
I hope everyone is doing well. I would like to share the good news you. There is only one God. “Within the one Being that is God, there exists eternally three coequal and coeternal persons, namely, the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit.” God is the creator of everything and, He is Sovereign over everything. We have all sinned and broken God’s law, such as lying, stealing, lusting, anger, and pride. God is Holy, Just, and Impartial. That is why when God judges he cannot let even one sin from anyone go unpunished and that punishment is eternal hell. We can’t work our way into heaven and our good deeds can’t save us from our sin. The bible says all our righteous acts are like filthy rags. We would perish if we died and faced God with our own righteousness.   The Good news is that God is also Love and Merciful and sent his only Son to save his people from their sin. Jesus who is fully God and fully human, lived a perfect life and never sinned. He willingly went to the cross where the Father took the wrath that his people deserved and put it on Jesus. Jesus paid the price for their sin and died on the cross. He was buried and on the third day God raised him from the dead. God commands all people everywhere to repent of their sins and to put their trust in Jesus. Biblical repentance is a change of mind about Sin. It’s an attitude of the heart, genuinely turning from sin to God. Everyone who repents and puts their trust in Jesus, will have their sins credited to Jesus, and Jesus’s righteousness will be credited to them. Their sins will be forgiven, and they will be given eternal life. When it’s time to face God, he will welcome them into heaven because of Jesus’s righteousness.
season 1 was rushed, it suffers from not having enough time, it feels like those last season of shows where they try to cram the ties to all the loosse end but as a first season.
See I'm not certain that Lilith is evil yet, bc Charlie seems to be a lot closer to her than to Lucifer, even in the pilot. Like, it would be weird if Lilith hated her daughter or something. I think something else is going on...
Lilith making a deal with Adam is just weird. Her entire thing was not wanting to submit to Adam but then she makes a deal with him. Maybe the terms were something like she would disappear and stop influencing the Sinners to rise up and Adam would spare anyone in Hell with angelic blood (Lucifer and Charlie).
I actually think if Adam would have said anything about Lilith it would have been to Lucifer after the first and second wife comment  I’ve also been thinking that while I believe Lilith is the most likely person at the moment to have Alastor’s soul, the fact she was in heaven makes me question it. I don’t know why because logically she still could and Alastor could be helping Charlie so that the favor is returning his soul. But seeing Lilith in heaven made me think that maybe Alastor’s deal was with Roo not Lilith.  As for the Charlie being beaten by Adam and questioning her powers. I am even more of the belief Charlie doesn’t know her full powers.
I believe Adam will probably manifest as a demon in hell. I don't actually think he's dead. such a big part of the pilot doesn't seem right to be thrown away.
My take is because Lilith thrived in hell she was the buggest risk to heaven. She was close to overthrowing heaven because she was inciting all of the sinners with her songs. Heaven got worried, and she made a deal with Adam for the extermination/culling as well as being a hostage so all of hell wouldn't be destroyed.   I also think Adams plan to kill everyone was never shared with lilith.  The whole beach thing seems more like a possible gilded prison than a vacation. She loved hell supposedly.
As for Sir Pentious goi g to heaven, i would honestly prefer the end game to be heaven and hell co-mingling more. Its obvious Heaven isnt sinless, so heaven could be a place where you go to sin and party and heaven is where you go when you wanna relax and if your vibe aint vibing, then you get kicked out or go poof.
Part of me hopes that Lilith being in heaven is some form of misunderstanding (misunderstanding in the sense of people either thinking “She’s there because she’s a coward” or “she abandoned her family to live a cushy life in heaven” etc) Because I really hope that’s not the case here (I’ll admit the copium is real atm), but I genuinely hope she’s up there for a good reason and that her deal with Adam was done to protect her family (because I don’t wanna believe she straight up abandoned Lucifer and Charlie just to save her own skin. It wouldn’t excuse it but at least she’d kept her family in mind if that were the case, despite it possibly being misguided). Idk we’re gonna just have to wait and see what’s up, but a part of me still wants see Lilith and Lucifer practically be Morticia and Gomez together ;;;; )
What if Lilith & Eve are identical twins?
My guess is the extermination started 7 years ago by lillith agreeing that Adam would be in charge of the sinners while she gets to live in heaven. Heaven agrees to this because lillith convinces them that sinners will revolut and Lucifer dosen't have a say in this because he doesn't control the circle of sinners.
The most concerning part to me is: Why do the Sinners want to keep existing in a place that SHOULD be nothing but torment?
i personally think that charlie cold end up holding on her own especially since in ep 7 both rosie and alastor (especially him) saw her potential. I really hope charlie gets more development considering she is the main character 😭
My theory is the overarching story is to bring God out of "insert pronoun here" hideaway. The point I see is that everything is grey and everyone is blinded by the truth that God originally set for them all. It could even be possible God is just as "depressed" as Lucifer because how it all fell apart, but hard to say since the beginning story says the Angels made it all. There is so many religious angles this show could pull upon that anything can happen. Whether the Sumerian, Jewish, or Christen archetypes is followed or not, they all do speak well to the original intent by God (as we know it). I can't wait to see what VizziePop has in store next!
I read a theory that Pentious going to heaven was God’s way of telling the angels “hey, it CAN be done so stop killing them.” And till we’re told otherwise, I’m sticking to that theory.
I see Adam and the Cherubs pooling together in hell
Sirpenchus could just choose to head back down to let Charlie know and make out with cherry again
should call him sir repentious now. spread the word readers.
In defense of Charlie getting her shit rocked by adam, this girl is a huge pacifist. She was apologizing while killing angels until vaggie told her to stop, so i dont think she has any experience behind a weapon  Sure she might have more power than adam, but she absolutely doesnt utilize it
Tbh I thought that the deal lute mentioned was done was alastor her thinking maybe alastor died Bcz of how much she sees Adam as extremely powerful but another theory he was in heaven for seven years to deal with Lilith for heavenly power the deal for when it’s done restricting his own, idrk tho
I doubt Adam is gone, if sir pentious is in heaven after dying I bet Adam is in hell.
Why do you sound like Kwite
It is important to understand how each side felt about his death, NO you arn't going to get what you want because it is different for everyone involved, Sir Pentious got exactly what would be expected in such a battle, not the Hollywood pacing that we have come to expect for our "heroes". It is still a battle of Sinners vs Angels and Adam was never given a reason to think his methods were imperfect ever. In the end I felt Charlie expressed her self exactly as one who truly understood how well Sir Pentious was doing and the loss entailed. If we were more incline to follow the experiences of the Sinners and the Angels, all the deaths would honestly be nothing more then statistics, nothing more. They all have dealt with death once before and no one knows if double death is possible, so no real reason to cry anyways.
I’m crying over my boy Adam being dead. I’m praying hoping to god that he comes back a demon or whatever like UHHSYSJDUJDIE I feel lutes pain when your bestie is gone
and funfact the gold blood is called ichor, and it comes from the humanspine.......
Sure pinches Is going to play a bigger role.
S1-Adam S2-Lilith S3-Alaster.   There was another villian I forgot their name, but many people talked about that demon possibly being a villian. Its starts with a R. That person would probably replace Alaster as the antagonist.
I’m guessing Lilith helped Adam get “the ok” for the idea of the extermination from Sarah or someone similar to her. So I basically believe that what you said at the end could be true
Lilith seems like to this show what Rose Quartz is to Steven Universe. A beautiful woman who we're constantly told is this amazing wonderful, lovely person, but is actually A LOT more flawed than the rose-tinted glasses image of her would let you think.
I think that adam will be reincarnatrd as a sinner and also alastor made a deal with roo
Hazbin had potential, and still has in a way!! But 8 episodes are not enough per season to tell a story like hazbin offers- It felt rushed. I'm sure it wasn't on purpose, but it felt rushed. :( hope to see more episodes on season 2!!!
The very fact Sir Pentious went down that way is too fitting. He's so flashy and dies in the lamest way. Its just too great. Plus him getting redeemed after so many Ls makes it even more satisfying. Someone everyone else discounted so much. Someone Adam didn't feel worthy of a glorious battle. That someone is the first to be redeemed. His redemption is the glorious death. He stuck it right to the man and the first man blinked him right into heaven! Less of a death and more of an instant teleport. It also showed how dangerous Adam's light is. the bad part was they didn't use it more like having a Goku style beam off.
The thing is , the only reason Alastor lost was because his staff was broken which makes me think that a lot or most of his power comes from the staff. That makes me think it was part of the deal he has( maybe w Lilith). It also would makes sense since a lot of the magic the staff is used for is green when Alastor’s theme colours are black and red. Not saying Alastor has an excuse for underestimating his opponent considering he’s Alastor but you can speculate a lot from the epic fight
what if lilith pulls a mother gothel
Wonder if his eggs went with him.
I think Pentius went to heaven because he sacrificed himself rather than how he died.
Adam is going to return in season 2 because 1. His character arc doesn’t seem over 2. He could reincarnate/regenerate in hell like sir pensige got redeemed to heaven and we can see how Adam reacts in hell3. We still didn’t see how Adam, Lilith, and Eve will interact with each other 4. Maybe Adam will go to the hazbin hotel to try to get back to heaven and we can see how he interacts with the main cast 5. Maybe Adam and Alastor make a deal This is just a theory, a film theory
I liked Sir Pentious' death because he wasn't all that bright and that isn't going to change just because he is redeemed. Also, Sir Pentious' redemption is needed because 1. otherwise Hazbin Hotel would be pretty much have the same theme as Paradise Lost but adding redemption into it makes it more original. 2. Because Emily needs to have more character building because she is such a great character I want to see more of and maybe have her own musical number (I also want to see Niffty have her own musical number but I am not sure how that would be pulled off)
Liliths vibe reminded me of Mother Gothel from Tangled honestly
If anyone saw in the background when the song for pentious started, You could see a Scene with Box and Val making out while velvette Is taking pics for internet
Honestly, I love the power scaling of Lucifer vs Adam. Like, honestly, he didn't seem all that big and bad if Alastor could so casually say "f you" right in his face. Alastor getting rocked only for Lucifer to come in and just clown around on Adam really put in perspective how high up the food chain was so good. Also redeemed Pentious 😭😭😭 I love that stupid snake.
I think Alastor can't not smile. Even when he got severely hurt and almost died he's still smiling.
I think if a sinner is at a point where they can get redeemed but not fully but they die to an angel wielding an angelic weapon/using angelic magic/powers or if they get fully redeemed they get sent to heaven which if my theory is correct that would make more sense for why sir pentius was killed then brought back and just remember thats just a theory a Film theory thanks for reading
What if.. carmilla is actually eve -? Just thinking.
4:52 I long how the scene is gray 😭
This is my first video of yours, but you said "i hoped the hotels goals would maybe shift a bit to the idea of just wanting to make hell an easier place to live"  Do you know the people in this world? Of course Hitler, but rapist catholic priests, Gacy, Karens with a holier than thou complex, etc. How pathetic to want a good place for them to go. Fuck that. Sinners can repent, but true evil can be double killed, triple killed, kill them slowly in four different ways for all i care. Your idea was stupid.
Seeing this explanation, I realize how much the story of this series can be improved. Sadly, seeing the general theme of the show, the pacing was rushed and I'm afraid those potentials will be set aside.
I love how Sara looks like "What in the nine hells is that thing?"
Carmilla said she does *NOT* want to fight angels face to face so she can keep her daughters safe.    She is an angelic weapons dealer. Not a front liner.
9:41 I feel like we’re forgetting something- Lute never said that Adam made the deal, just that Lilith HAD a deal. It might not have been with Adam- my first thought was Lute, but that’s probably incorrect
I would have liked to have more episodes
5:54 why do I feel like this has something to do with his voice effect breaking for a few seconds? If anything it’s a LOSS of free will and power- I think that the effect is something he actually has to do *physically* and, hell- maybe he rigged his microphone to do it for him and that’s why it broke when he was caught off guard- honestly idk
I hope Lilith will be a complex character in future season since the last scene kind of gave her a bad look. She abandoned her family and people to go to heaven while they fight for their life. It is weird that she would allowed angels to threaten her daughter. Only theory I have about her is that it was all her plan to get rid of Adam and angel army. She knew Lucifer wouldn't fight for his people since he lost his dream while she tried to encourage demon kind. She was seen as a threat by someone probably angles so she made a deal with them to let extermination happen while she was spared that's why she is in heaven or limbo. She knew that if they come for Charlie, Lucifer would protect her but also kill Adam off so her deal would be over as well as for extermination.
Maybe Adam is just going Hell and trying to redeem to find Lute again or somethin
What if alastor is being controlled by Lucifer?
I hope they bring Adam back but more as a man reclaiming his humanity it would be interesting.
I can’t help but think that before she disappeared exterminators decided to target Charlie or Lucifer or even Lilith herself, and she lost a fight but instead of killing her she made a deal with Adam to spare her life and that of her family if she went to Heaven and therefor stopped encouraging sinners to rebel. (It sounds to me like Heaven thought that it was Lilith who controlled sinners and would eventually lead an uprising.) So to prevent war she became a prisoner but was given luxury so long as she didn’t contact her family. Maybe she also made a deal with Alaster, just before she was taken?
I still have a lot of hope for Lilith. I REALLY want Lucifer and Lilith to be happy again. I don’t think she would do something so heartless given how much she is shown to love her husband and daughter in almost every other piece of lore.
For me the point of sir pentious death being comedic and the contrast is supposed to represent that adam doesen't take them seriously.
Honestly this might be indirect way of hell becoming in its own right a heaven and heaven having to come to terms with that they are evil. When you really look at it hell is when someone commits sin they are sent to hell but for heaven what allows someone to get into heaven was undisclosed in the first season. So could this be that Lilith and Eve could be working together and trying indirectly to influence how heaven and hell work? Or could this be example of how not everything black and white as it is deemed? It’s just such a unique situation since you could argue even that heaven is all rule based with no free Will while hell is free will based and deemed that everyone will turn to sin.
we are not asking the right questions how did Carmilla a resident of hell get ahold of heavenly power to  make her weapons ?  who if anyone is trading her that holy power from heaven to use in hell for her weapons manufacturing ?  She supplied the HAZBIN crew with weapons infused with holy power right ? how the hell did she manage that ?
I feel like alastor is going to be a villain just because how power hungry he is at the end
So Sir Pentious got redemption....but i question if it can go the other way.
When charlie hair was put down she kinda looked liked star from svtfoe but more demonic and have a tail
god... adam is so hot
You know... It is possible the freedom Alastor felt was a bit of Lilith's "freedom" once Adam died.   As in:  * Alastor dealt his soul to Lilith for something (likely power). * Lilith dealt her soul to Adam so she could get a nice vacay in Heaven. * Once Adam dies his deal with Lilith is broken, giving her more freedom and her power back. Which in turn gives Alastor more of her power, and a bigger sense of freedom.
Adam looks like the guy from wild krat
So- Lilith might have made a deal to leave hell to protect the hell born demons (and in extension Charlie) and chose to  sacrifice the mortal born Sinners in the same deal? And when she found out about Charlie's redemption plans, She sent Alastor to help.  Alastor could go two ways for me- he made a deal putting him in Lilith's debt and having no choice but to help Charlie, OORRRR in return for the power to take down so many Overlords of Hell he made a deal with Lilith and really is just a very sadistic good guy. Ya know the whole thought of the Wrong thing for the Right Reasons vs the Right thing for the Wrong Reasons.
I’m perfectly fine with how they handled Sir pentous honestly 😂
Personally I thought I thought Allister's main musical sense was that after the fight he was tired of being in the same song and dance and that being in hell is literally driving him mad and that is is looking for a loop hole.
So I feel like charlie yes is more powerful tuan alastor but shes untrained and on top of that refuses to use her power so much she doesn't understand how to use it properly
My view is that Lilith made a deal with Alastor as they were both gone for 7 yrs. it would explain why Alastor wants the hotel to work so he can get to heavent to get at Lilith. this also means that alastor accidentally killed Lilith and thats why Lilith was in heaven like Pensious.  alternatively Alastors deal could be to never kill in hell again. think did he kill anyone in the series intentionally. he was royally pissed at pensious when he ripped his coat but he didnt actually kill him.
Im feeling to spend 50k all the sudden…
Nifty's kill felt like the Aria stark ice king moment, but done right
I don't personally think Sir Pentious's death was meant to be funny or a gag. I think it was supposed to be shocking that Adam could so easily kill him and get rid of his warship all in one action.  When I was watching, that moment literally made my jaw drop at how sudden it was. At least, I think that's the intended effect. In my opinion, it was done well in that regard. It showed that someone could be lost in an instant, which to me justifies Charlie breaking down.
So im a bit confused because when alastor talks about finding a way out of his deal, he makes it sound like he doesn't have all of his power, do you guys think a part of the deal was for him to give up some of his power and when his deal his over he will get more?
I think the quick, non-epic, unequal death of Pentious was needed. The absolute contrast was just what needed to make Charlie snap, and the thought of finally starting to see PERMANENT loss of all that she worked for did it just right.  And it wasn't in vain, it turned things in their favour, as Adam and Lute were the only foes that were actually relevant to take down.
Watching Adam and Alastor fighting it seems like Al lost his powers for a minute causing him to be surprised which resulted in his mic breaking then him getting struck. With the way he starts to spiral in song after just nearly escaping death seemed more than he didn't have his full power to fight rather than Adam being overly powerful.
I think Lilith's deal was with Lute instead of Adam. Maybe Lilith somehow made Lute Adam's 2nd in command in exchange for being able to hide out in Heaven but now that she isn't the 2nd in command anymore the deal is technically done. Even then there is the possibility of that "Lilith" in the finale being the Imposter from the "Imposter Lilith" theory that has been going around.   Either way I got some ideas for both scenarios. If its the Imposter, she is pretending to be Lilith so she can secretly find information in Heaven for her plan and has tricked Lute into thinking she (as Lilith) wants to destroy Hell, but secretly will destroy everything in the end but for now she has Heaven's Exorcist army on her side. If it's the real Lilith then she is hiding out there, plotting a plan to stop the Imposter once and for all and believed that having Lute in the Exorcist army would have given everyone a fighting chance when the Imposter/upcoming threat ever struck. However now that Charlie has killed Adam and Lute wants Lilith to deal with Charlie, this can lead to some drama and suspense as this will be good of the Impersonator but bad for the actual Lilith because I can see the Imposter trying to trick Charlie into advancing their evil plan while Lilith will have to be a bit of an antagonist and try and stop her daughter's dream for the better good until like you said Charlie convinces her real mother that everything will be alright in the end and makes her good at the cost of the Impersonator gaining an edge.
8:20 I believe in the "finale" song Lucifer mentions "for the first time in 10,000 years" or something along the lines, implying the extermination has been happening for that long
bro this episode made me go from alastar being my fav character to lucifer, im so ready to see more of him
Will no one talk about velvette recording Vox and Valentino
What if angel couldn’t be redeemed because of his deal ….
It’s like the good place, the point is to learn and become better so you can go to heaven.
when Pentius was killed I was laughing hard, because I didn't except it be that fast, I thought they got cool angelic gun ant etc and he'd make at least a bit of damage to the Adam with his sacrifice, but he was just wiped out. It was so stupid, all characters there were shocked, but I was dying with laugh watching this💀
I think it would have been im fairly certain adam is still alive
I think the real curiosity in lore theory is how long does one truly stay in Heaven vs Staying in Hell? If Sinners can die again at any random moment, it truly leaves the debate on if they are just now "Dead dead" and not "Dead Angel" if they're given a 2nd chance. We know thanks to the angelic weapons that both Angels and Demons can die from it. Speaking of Heaven, can any random winner or Angel die inside Heaven, is it possible for Winners to die at all? Are Sinners and Winners immortal the moment they enter heaven or hell, because it does leave the question of how over or under-crowded Heaven is??
I think the reason that Adam could be fully dead is the fact that angels can only be killed by angelic steel which implies that their supposed to be immortal unlike the residents of hell who can be killed like any other living thing which makes sense cause in bible canon the people in hell are still mortal and still possess a mortal body they just come back after death(or at least it interpreted that way since you can’t exactly suffer for every if u can just die) where as the people in heaven are just full on immortal so I can understand that if an angel dies then that’s just it and their soul is erased but since sinners are still mortal they just comeback after dying and if their redeemed then they get sent to heaven
It does leave the curiosity of what kind of plan does Lilith want to gain or what does she wanna do with Lucifer or Charlie. I'm curious if by some chance Season 2 we might see what happened to Eve if somehow Adam is priviledge to be in Heaven and be an absolute douchbag because he's the 1st man. It's really crazy how and why exactly is Lilith up in heaven for 7 whole years, granted access given how she denied to be sub servant to Adam as predated in the old Bible Text. Could Eve possibly be in Heaven or in Hell after consuming the Fruit of knowledge and bringing evil to Earth??? Also i wanna point out in a blink and you'll miss moment. Lucifer turned the cat into a keyblade to summon some materials needed to help rebuilt the hotel. I swear if that doesn't become a physical real thing at any future convention (with a possible keychain to add to the keyblade bit) I will be disappointed.
Maybe the deal was for Lilith to create a reason for extermination. After all, it was Adam's idea for heaven to go down and kill the sinners.
So does getting into heaven require redemption? or hit by holy light of Adam? we only see him kill one person
deal with lute not him
I think both Hell and Heaven are going to change. Instead of Hell being a place where bad people are dumped, it’s a place where bad people go, either to be kept because they’ll never change or to learn how to be better and be sent up to Heaven, and Heaven will have to change to accept it. Working as a system together, not as enemies.
My thoughts on the redemption, may only work if a sinner dies again once they've done something good enough to manifest in heaven
Frudastor
So wait. Idk if viv is taking the bible into consideration while writing and making designs but I'm P sure eve was made in lilith's likeness or sm
I wish that Sir. Pentious’s attack went off and he at least hurt Adam before getting killed, then it would have felt more impactful
They did Pentius dirty 😭😭
Bro Lucifer laid the hands on Adam
I have seen a couple people talk about the final battle and one thing most people forget that the winners (aka people I'm heaven) are human just like the sinners so ofc something like a table of rocks can fuck them up just not permanently if you look at the similarities between them it makes more sense
One thing that made me super happy in the finale was when Alastor’s  staff got broken and he talked without the radio voice for a second
All i can say I wanna see more of the Vs
Why would Carmella get involved she doesn’t want to bring war to her door it would completely go against her character she just want her daughters to be safe
I think the way to be redeemed is fix your mistake when your alive and get killed by holy/angelic wepons
if you go off what luci said its been  10,000 years since anything has changed in hell so id assume thats when the cleansing started
I heard she is probably going to be villain Cause she's been gone for a long time. It suspicious and she's distant from her family She keeps Lucifer away from charlie as a baby which is weird sus??
What are your thoughts on Alastor being owned by this Roo character?
I honestly did´t feel like Pentoius died in a funny way, It felt that scene more shoking and just brutal
hold the phone.....HOW MANY DEALS CAN SOMEONE LIKE LILITH MAKE??!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I think the Lilith's deal with Adam was that she serve as his wife again, and her daughter (and Charlie's hotel etc.) would be safe from exterminations (I might be wrong and that Lucifer got this prerogative)
It would be cool if the next season revolves around Emi trying to tell Charlie that redemption is possible, but Sera, Lute and even Lilith do all they can to prevent her from knowing this
i dont know if it was just me, but, was i the only one that felt bad for lute when adam died? like she even cried, that shows quite a lot from how adam is such a shitty character to others.
Sir pentious literally got one tapped
I think the reason charlie lost is because charlie has 0 experience
in charlie's defense with the fight against adam, keep in mind while she can hold her own in a fight, its more akin to street fighting then actual skill like adam has, she has no experience in actual combat, she has never fought in a war like scenario as opposed to possibly the occasional street brawl to protect herself.
The way adam was killed by nifty 😂
How do we know Lilith is in Heaven? She’s on a beach alone with no angels or really anyone around. Maybe she’s in purgatory. And I don’t think Adam knows anything about Lilith or like you said he’d use it against Charlie.   And how did Lilith die then? They aren’t letting her in alive so did she die fighting for Hell and ended up in purgatory/Heaven?   Seriously think about what would make sense based on what we know about Heaven and Hell and who Lilith is as a person.
I love that little smile that Adam gave, it said so much. I felt like Adam was kind of wasted potential but that smile was weirdly soo much character development it was enough
Adam was RIGHT!!!
No cuz as soon as i saw lilith i said she was tannjng but still cheating i think we all know them boys in heaven & girls are lil better looking-
It seems like the holy light that Adam used on pencious only perish the ones who are still evil and it spares and cleans the ones who did enough to diserve redemption. It's like love helped his soul to remain unharmed by the light while it cleans him from hell's dirt and darkness.
Adam may not have put up a great fight with Lucifer but the fact he was still throwing Lucifer around and tanked his attacks was still pretty impressive. It’s adams lack of intelligence and patience that got him beaten.
Needs more vox
Rip sir penteniuic the first to be redeemed
A bit unrelated but I think the pacing of the whole show is a bit weird since if they really wanted to put all that info and whatever in, the episodes would need to be 40-60 minute episodes but it’s animated so they had to cut off so many scenes… I don’t know if they could’ve done this better but oh well
I'm really hoping we don't have to wait long. I've heard that season two is already in production. They're already doing voice acting. There's some speculation that it could be out and around a year and they better be a dozen more seasons or I'm gonna be pissed.
Lucky 4u Im subscribe your channel (☞ ᐛ )☞10/10
What if Lilith and Eve are in this together. Lilith in heaven and Eve in hell, pulling strings to destroy both places.
When lucifer in the end sang, he stated that charlie was the first person to change hell in 10,000 years, so this has been going on for over 10k years
I don't think Adam is dead. I think he will get sent to hell and become a fallen Angel showing that angels can fall and sinners can be redeemed.
Voice actor lost both his characters in same episode
Note that alastor is just a soul. A mortal soul. And was able to go 1 on 1 with Adam making him actually try to kill alastor. Meaning alastor was at advantage in the fight for a short time. Just how powerful is alastor if he showed his true power?
The "joke like" end is on purpose. Because Pentious was absolutely NO match for Adam. Dying unceremoniously is supposed to up the stakes, show how powerful someone is. Adam even says "That could have ended badly" and laughing. Reminds me of other shows where someone just gets squashed or torn apart suddenly with no warning. It shows how in over their head someone is.  Sir Pentious still did a good thing though as he proves a soul isn't only redeemable, but their actions can actually end them up in heaven. I wonder if he's the first, or if any others in hell during extermination self-sacrificed.  I really hope Adam ends up in hell if he's still alive.  I also think Lilith is just a selfish parent, but we'll see how it plays out. I'm also convinced that Alastor took a deal with Eve and she's the main antagonist.
Are people forgetting charlie is a pacifist? Of course she doesn’t know how to fight as well against an ANGEL who’s been killing sinners for years??
I feel like Lilith just wanted out of hell and she didnt care how she got there
Lilith could have gone back to heaven to protect her daughter because her daughter was never attacked until the last episode
I hated the finally dickmaster was my favorite character
Honestly I hate to say it but I kinda understand why Adam wanted a different wife. Not that he’s in the right for doing so, but seeing that Lilith left her family in hell for 7 years just to chill in heaven and plan out some sort of Final Solution makes me think that she’s just as awful a person as Adam is. But in a different way.
the thing is though, with all of our knowledge of redemption coming from sir pentus it can be assumed that a sinner has to die in order to go to heaven  and going off of bible laws self termination is a big no no, which means even redeemed sinner kinda have to stick around until they die (which with sinnner never dying of old age makes things a tad difficult)  so all of charlies successes will be able to stick around for a while and help spread goodness into hell
Helluva Boss = Father issues Hazbin = Mother issues??
For me the idea of Vaggie and Lucifer automatically letting Adam and Lute live felt so forced. Yeah it kinda makes sense as to why, being that the hotel is all about redemption or to just live with the fact they were spared, but what about the other exorcists?? No mercy for them?? They're only doing what they're told while Adam and Lute are genuinely bad people. It just feels so forced to spare them only for Nifty to get the comedic killing blow on Adam and for Lute to fly crying just to get the reveal that Lilith is in heaven. Idk to me it feels so weird and way too fast to have little to no hesitation to spare them.
Man I really hope we'll see more of Adam in the future...there is so much I want to know. Also he's very entertaining:')
I can honestly understand why Charlie lost much quickly against adam since Charlie doesn’t get into fights as often as alastor does and alastor clearly has more control over his magic and his strengths while Charlie I can’t see getting into many fights where she goes all out or even use her magic much in the fights, the experience difference is why I can see how alastor can hold his own against Adam better than Charlie but in terms of raw power I believe Charlie still beats alastor and Charlie could likely get stronger if she does what the sinners do and get deals for their souls
At least part of the deal is that adam gets kill
if alastor had angelic weapons I feel like he'd easily kill adam
Am i the only one who thinks that adam is kindaaaa...
Lute and Adam have the same eyes. Could it be possible they're father and daughter since they act alike and similar facial features? She also seems to have some resemblance to Lilith? Could this be the deal Lilith made to stay in Heaven? I hope I'm wrong.
3:40 it’s due to her lack of experience
Alastor is using Charlie to get into heaven. To get to Lilith and find a loophole out of his contract. Probably using Charlie with the deal He just made with her.
(:
I wonder how far down that heavenly light went through the floor, possibly to the other layers
Rip sir pentius😢
The idea of getting sinners out of hell is about over population
Lute was never going to die, Heaven needs a big bad villain to be the face. Lilith works behind the scenes, Lute was always going to take over Adam’s job once he died
in like 5 minutes, adam DIED??? we saw lucifer's cool form?? AND THEN SNAKE MAN GOT TO HEAVEN?? AND TO TOP IT ALL OFF WE SAW LILITH IN HEAVEN???!!! WHAT?
in my oppinion i would guess lilith was in earth not in heven but is just a guess since angels and demons can go to earth why not make the deal with adam's assistant that she could relax on earth and allow them to do the extermination on hell
am I the Only one who thinks that lucifer in this show Is the good guy.that is the opposite of the original story
*KEKE TRANSFORM INTO A FREAKING KEYBLADE*
8:06 my theory is the deal was more of a threat. Adam noticing that Hell wasn’t really getting worries and Lilith still inspiring sins and now teach her daughter to do the same got pissy. He threatened Lilith that if she didn’t stop He would go after Charlie and wipe out all of Hell. So Lilith begrudgingly agreed and went into a kinda off house arrest in Heaven to protect Hell and more importantly Charlie.
Lucifer: im gonna FUCK you  Everyone: 🤨  Angel , Val: 😏
I agree with the clause thing. It seems kinda out of character that adam didn't respond to lucifer's taunting with "well, your current(/ex?) Wife came crawling back to heaven and to the dick master!" Or something like that
I’m pretty sure Adam will comeback
I think the point now for Hazbin hotel is to prove the old system is for hazbins and it was all bullshit from the start, so now you must rebuild the system anew
I think lilith is containing alastror true power (like he sings in the final song) whith her deal, I think Alastor true master is Eve or/and Roo.
I think Lilith is Heavens safety net, being the only person who’s voice can control the demons, so she probably made a deal to escape hell in return to keep the demons and sinners in place.
honestly i too am a bit unsatisfied with pentious's death scene. i feel like he should have gotten that single shot off at the very least. i'd be satisfied even if it just staggered adam long enough to distract him. otherwise, absolutely a phenomenal episode
I’m on Adams side I believe he did no wrong 😂🤷🏾‍♂️
Makes the "ah yes. Me. My girlfriend. And her two demon goat bodyguards" Chaggie meme sadde, now it's only one demon goat bodyguard 🥲
I do admit. I kinda want Adam to end up in Hell as a demon somehow.  I feel like, one... I'm gonna be honest. He was funny as a villain, and I think I'll miss him.  And two... could make some interesting plot beats. I mean, imagine him waking up, and going through the shock of him becoming a demon.... Probably would drop multiple F bombs.  His reaction alone would be GOLD. But, would also make some interesting interactions with his enemies....
I hate the fact that I thought that Adam was so fucking cool and in the end he looked like a mix of Dream and Tomska.
Adam let his pride get the better of him....poetic
I’m only okay with how quick Sir Pentious’ sacrifice because he was redeemed at the end. It signifies that it isn’t the end of his character. If they truly ended his character on a joke, I’d have had a problem with it.
I think it’s pretty funny that no one of them could prob hold their own agianst charackters like the collector let alone bill or golb
I hope Adam comes back….
"Whats liiths true plan"? Slight spelling error...
If I had a nickel for every time I watched a show and Lilith abandoned her duties. I'd have three nickels, which is not a lot, but still 3 nickels.
I feel like the fact that lilith's disappearance being 7 years and Alastor's absence being 7 years is intentional
how was nugget able to servive???
I sware I love Emily so much she’s the nicest angel I’ve ever met
I could see Sir Pentious volunteering to go back to hell. Him having a halo alone would proof that the hotel works.
Or we can have a Musical number about "your hell is my heaven." we can Heaven boring No sex no drugs and lots of rules.
She is a shitty person Lilith is a crappy mother and wife and just wanted to be living in luxury and while this is going on
Adam seems more comparable to demons of the ars goetia than overlords like Alastor
You’ll need to have to wait and see to find out what the deal
I think the quick, non-epic, unequal death of Pentious was needed. The absolute contrast was just what needed to make Charlie snap, and the thought of finally starting to see PERMANENT loss of all that she worked for did it just right.  And it wasn't in vain, it turned things in their favour, as Adam and Lute were the only foes that were actually relevant to take down.
Lilith in Heaven avoiding child support
Apparently this season was supposed to have a whopping 24 episodes which probably would have given it much more breathing room.
heh heh...Nifty
The deal they made is that Adam gets power but Lilith goes to heaven probably in extermination
Judging by Liliths glare, she looks like she’s more mad at being told to stop her daughter
Poor sir pentious im glad he got redeemed
If Lilith was somehow responsible for the exterminations then she's the reason that angelic weapons even got into hell in the first place. Trick Adam into bringing the means of hell's defense right to hell.
I don’t really think that Alastor feels liberated,but more enraged. I think the scene of his fallen radio tower is meant to show his past and how he fell from power and was forced into a deal and losing to Adam reminds him of how weak he is now without his freedom. He probably thinks that once he has his freedom again he can regain his power and be in control again.
I think you didn't point out that Adam ONLY got knocked down from CHARLIE finally channeling her power properly, propelling and countering Adam onto the ground.  That was HER hand, not Lucifer's. It means Charlie's getting strong when push comes to shove.  Also, the extermination was delayed, not totally gone?
1) the snake one(don't remember his name) had ownership of his soul and died with no regrets and following the other rules that grant access to heaven.  2)angel on the other hand didn't died and most importantly he has no soul. Remember he sold his soul to Valentino. Meaning as long as Valentino owns his soul angel isn't allowed to heaven cuz he is soulless
I say the reason charlie put up less of a fight against adam was solely experience based adam and alistor are far more experienced fighters than charlie, if were going of off raw power charlie wins but with the massive experience gap adam wins. Also if lucifer was serious from the get go adam would have been killed the instant lucifer shiwed up
Velvet will side with charlie, she look impressed and intrigued with the battle being streamed "live".
If Adam looks human then how come the other angels don't, except for the exorcists, but maybe it's the deal of something?
The deal lilith had was hellborne being pardoned and exempt from extermination
I doubt Adam would be brought back, I do think it'll be cool and wish it does happen. But if it were to happen, I think he would come back as a demon. And maybe from spite he would rise the ranks and become an overlord to get back at charlie, or possibly try and get redeemed. Idk
When I first learned that Alastor was on a leash, I at first was very against the idea. But I think the way they played it out worked super well!
They could have done it fast and gave him somemore gravitas with a second longer of animation.  All they would have needed is to have the laser begin to fire, Adam blocks it with a light shield, seemingly with some effort(a grunt or gritted teeth), and then blast him just like the show.  It shows Pentios was threat Adam needed to drop him instantly.
I was thinking Alastor is controlled by Lilith forcing him to help with Charlie’s dream which is why the fight felt freeing
Lucifer’s demon eyes after they fade from full red look pretty cool
I thought Liliths deal was maybe that she’s not allowed in hell to gather sinners and in return the exorcists don’t kill her
"You'll crush the serpent's head and he will bite your heal". I found it kinda poetic that the two major casualties were Adam and Sir Pentious.
On the Sir Pentious redemption thing: It happening doesn't mean that the hotels focus won't shift to making Hell a better place to live, because no one down there knows that he got redeemed. As far as they know, he's just...gone. I do think it puts a big black stain on heaven, though - and specifically upon Sera - because before Sir Pentious' redemption, she was very clearly operating under the assumption that Redemption was impossible - perhaps their behavior could improve, but that they just wouldn't ever be able to get into heaven despite that because they were already deemed unworthy/undeserving - but now that he's shown up as a redeemed soul, it is very clear proof to her, to Emily and to ANYONE who witnessed the trial (and thus would have seen him as a denizen of hell) that Sera was condoning the destruction of souls that could have been saved. Sera's horrified look at him showing up in heaven, redeemed, could be interpreted in one of two ways; being horrified that a sinner was actually brought to heaven via redemption because she just doesn't want them there (I lean towards this), or a horrified look because of what his arrival and presence in heaven can or will say about her and her own actions.
Adam could be hide that secret from Charlie. But he proved in Episode 6 that he can’t keep his mouth shut to save his life (literally). He revealed Vaggie’s secret, revealed the extermination to the angels.  I think only Lute knew.
Adam’s face reveal had me like, “That’s Adam? The First Man? He’s just a random dude; he’s not special.”  Sir Pentious is now in Heaven! I’m so happy! I hope we still see him in Season 2 even though he’s now separated from the rest of the main cast.  Also I’m starting to believe Alastor doesn’t have a deal with Lilith. I think it’s with someone worse.
4:56, this is unrelated, but I got an ad and there's going to be a despicable me 4
Genuinely, please do a power scale 🌟
Maybe to be less worried about hell sucking cuz sinners left, remember there are Hell Born there that where never human to begin with. And the Overlords, most at least, dont seem to be BAD beings per say
Basically, Lilith is not an angel, she is FORCING the angels to keep her in there still as a demon, having a deal. As lute says “Your deal is over, and if you WANT TO STAY HERE..” So yeah.
Random fact: The music in the scene when Lute talks to Lilith sounds exactly like the first four notes of the Alastor leitmotif
I wonder if Lilith has a different view of hell from  Lucifer, since he is a fallen angel while she is an actual sinner. The extermination is only supposed to be for sinners where Lucifer made a deal with heaven, to protect Charlie and the other hellborn
People comparing charlie in a fight when she pretty much as.. no fighting experience: She's stronger than alastor, but she is not as experienced.
o_O I got the impression the deal with Lilith was with Lute. She all but admitted that ‘Adam is dead, I’m the leader of the Exorcists now,’ like that was part of the plan. And I don’t think Lilith dislikes Charlie, so maybe it’s still likely that Lilith is the one holding Alastor’s chain, guiding and protecting Charlie against his will, even if the hotel crew is growing on him maybe a little bit. It’s all 3D chess and wildcards. Whatever the endgame is, it’s beyond the exterminations.
RIP dazzle as for people who rhink dazzle will be back they won't because dazzle died by a angelic weapon.  If you remember angelic weapon permanently kills someone.
Why are you complaining about Sue Pentious’ death
you hit on the same theory i have, that lilith's deal with adam allows her to enjoy the bliss of heaven as first woman, same as adam gets a free pass to heaven as first man despite being THE WORST, and in exchange for lilith getting to stay in heaven, she signs off on the exterminations to undo what she did with inspiring hell's uprising.
This season resolved the extermination question. Hell can defend itself, Heaven is divided. Perhaps Lute will try another attack. But this season ended by opening up the Lilith mystery. Why was she in Heaven? What's her agenda?  Two other major players are conspicuously absent: Eve and God. WIll they show up?
6:55 I honestly like that Pantious made it to heaven, because it suddenly explains in a very interesting and fun way Sera's perspective: no one knows how to get to heaven not because it is a well kept secret, but because no one knows how to get to heaven. Not even her nor the angels. The fact that it just happens and that is why Sera refuses to intervene characterizes her in a much more interesting way. She's not simply a liar keeping a broken system in check, but was actually entirely honest during the trial about her perspective. It does seem to me right now that "double-dying" in the hella-verse can lead you either to heaven or to a fate we do not know yet (could be just quite literally dying or just refreshing their judgment). But either way, it begs a lot of interesting questions. Will the hotel need to execute redeemed sinners? Is there some "double-hell" some go to (as Angel Dust jokes about in the pilot)? It's really interesting and opens up things for the show to explore in later seasons. And I wonder what they'll do with it. Also, Lucifer being stronger then Charlie does actually make a lot of sense. Charlie isn't physically weak. She's just not used to fighting. You can see that the moment she stops saying "sorry" to all the angels she parries, she causes a huge spark. But she's just so used to solving things the friendly way that she can't hold on her own in a fight, and only kicks ass when she's helped by her father.
They killed Adam. The only interesting character in the show. Gdi...
I hope Adam gets revived only to end up in hell. Would be a much worse fate for him than him dying.
I wonder if Alastor would use the favor for marriage to Charlie which would effectively make him a Prince of hell and King if her dad were to die.
valentino and vox made out 10/10 episode
yeah i wonder what LIITHS true plan really is (title)
I personally High Ball Adam at Seven Princes Level. Aka he's about as strong as Asmodeus, Mammon & Beelzebub.
adam being reincarnated into a demon would be the greatest irony
With how Husker said that Heaven isn't his style I really doubt they'll go the route of every good person in hell leaving. I think the most likely route is Heaven and Hell working together to solve their problems, seeing as how they've been portrayed as 2 sides of the same coin (Charlie and Emily being hopeful, Sera and Lucifer being jaded, Heaven being snobbish and Hell being shameless, etc).
I was thinking the same thing about Lilith and Adam, heck, he prolly doesn't even know she's there in heaven, and considering how the show has painted him to be so far, both accidently and intentionally revealing secrets just to gain the upper hand, I doubt she made a deal with Adam. Lucifer even made fun of how he stole both his wives in the middle of battle, would've been the best time for Adam to slip up. Overall, I believe Lilith made a deal with someone else that Lute knows about as well, someone being who she really answers to.
I am really hoping Adam comes back. Other than the fact that I know ship Lute and Adam with how she was yelling out his name near the end, he was a REALLY cool villain and it'd be awesome to see more of him, along with a possible redemption arc!  I also loved Season 1! As many have stated, it felt a little rushed, though it'd understandable with it having only 8 episodes and - at the time of production - not knowing if they'd get a season 2. I genuinely can't wait to see what's in store, especially now that Sera has been proven wrong and shown a sinner can be redeemed.
I doubt Adam knew Lilith was in heaven
The exterminations have definitely been happening for a long time, not just since Lilith left. The very first episode states the exterminations were in response to how Lilith's power to uplift and inspire the sinners scared heaven that there would be a revolt.
Shows you haven’t paid attention or haven’t watched the series lately. It was stated that this has been going on for 10,000 years.
She atleast drew blood from Adam
tbh adam's death is just Afton's fnaf movie fate
I'd say that adam is morelikely to be around the same level as the seven deadly sins since he dealt preety easily with alastor and lucifer was playing around with him
Not going to lie. The way charlie going full demon after a 1 shot of sir pentious's death by Adam, reminded me of Goku going super saiyan for the first time at the death of krillin by frieza. Except this was fast pace
I don’t get why everyone was so disappointed by Adam’s face reveal. He was the first man. It makes sense that he’d look kinda generic. And it’s not like he looks bad even, apparently he’s fat, I just assumed his robe was huge but apparently he’s fat, but his face isn’t ugly, he could lose the hair on his chin, but besides that, he looks fine
I'm starting to think Lilith has similarities to Adam, what if she is as pretentious and self-serving as Adam. the only opposite being that she is not as ambitious and brave as Adam or her family. she just want to live her life her way and doesn't care about anyone else. Heck she may be one of the reason lucifer had low self-confidence.
ngl, the Vs watching it all was one of my favorite parts, that episode was what cemented Vox as my favorite charscter
I think they forshodow the answer to your question in ep 7 when she meets rossie because it is Surprising nice in canible town and as charlie is singing and trying to convince them, well they had other reasons for helping charlie out so i think eventually there will be sinners that want to stay but make it a better environment like rossie has basically accomplished in her area
Now i can say that Helluva biss had a better first season.  It was funnier, and more emotional in my oppinion, but Hazbin deffinedly has better animation and ost
I think that pentious is going to spend a little bit of time in heaven and be like well actually I just wanna go back down to hell.
Alastor says he hasn't been in hell for some time so I think at one point he was in heaven with lilith, also I think alastor might either be the next one redeemed or the next big bad either way
That's the funniest thing, because Charlie and Emily were right. Sinners can redeem themselves and with Sir Pentious making it up there. I can see season 2 being where heaven is in a state of panic, Charlie understanding both her demonic and angelic sides more. But yeah Lilith is defiantly up to something and I think Eve is the one holding the chains on Alastor and I'm guessing this'll be the favor he'll ask from Charlie. Also I'm gonna say Vaggie story has some more mystery to her life, and I'm gonna go with something to do with Carmilla. But all in all, awesome first season, can't wait for more. VivziePop really has taken a shine to me on how fun, weird and adult this all is.
In terms of power, Charlie has more than Alastor, but Alastor is stronger given he knows how to use his power. He blocked all the angels and then made Adam retreat, Adam just got a cheapshot on him.   Sir Pen, however, is going to be a spy for Alastor in exchange for protecting his minions that is clear.
I wish there was a struggle and pentious said use full power
On the future goals of the hotel. It could still go either way, or some sort of middleground.  While Sir P did make it there, is that what he even wants? what if he would rather go back down for Cherri or his other friends?  What if him making it up there is kept secret from hell?like they lock him away so that no one will ever find out?  What if not everyone who *could* make it up wants to?  What if they crew decide its not worth the risk? Sir P had to DIE to accend. Is that the only catalyst possible?   just my 2 cents.
I think that Alastor is in a deal with Lilith to protect and take care of Charlie bc Lucifer wasn’t good enough. With the song “Hell’s best dad,” it makes me think that he is trying to force Lucifer away from Charlie so that he can be her father figure. He even goes to the point to say he can almost be called her dad. Plus the title of the episode is Dad Beat Dad, a play on words for a “dead beat dad.” What if Lilith thought that Lucifer was a dead beat dad bc he was always in his room building shit. And in the song, we saw her walking over to Charlie when she was with Lucifer and taking her away, as if she doesn’t want her hanging around her dad, so she made a deal with Alastor to look over Charlie. And for all we know, he could’ve been watching over her from the shadows for the seven years he was missing but when he saw the tv broadcast of what she’s doing, he went out in the public again so he can protect her from smth this dangerous. Plus, the hotel seems to be working. So why does he stick around if his reason really is to watch them fail? Also, when Mimzy brought danger to the hotel, he kicked her out and explained that he can’t have ppl bring danger to that place.
I don't feel like alastor was going all out there i feel like he was just testing thw water for something
Sirpuntus is really had no chance in "fight" again adam. Snake Napoleon not even inch close to Alaster, and radio demon is run away from first dick guy
Hello there, I just wanted to share that Jesus Christ loves you and died for your sins so that you can have a relationship with God the father and be restored. If you want a relationship with God all you have to do is confess with your mouth and believe in your heart that Jesus is lord and that He died for you! And turn to him and repent of your sin, so you can have eternal life. You don’t have to live life on your own anymore! God will change your life forever, I promise there is hope! He did it for me! There is a God and I am His witness. The choice is yours, have a great day :) God loves you so much!
Listen, I love my boy Sir Pentious but I laughed so damn HARD when he died. Like this little build up moment towards his sacrifice and Adam just going "Yeah... nah" and just one shot my snakeman. Like I couldn’t even feel sad cuz the whole scene was just too funny to me
y'know, something I'm just now noticing is that both Alastor and Lilith have been gone for 7 years, if Lilith WAS the one who made the deal with Alastor, maybe this has some kind of connection...
Since sir pentious went to heaven will he become a exterminator or just a normal angel?
Id like to think maybe Adam becomes a demon since sir pentious got redeemed. Plus it would be interesting to see lute trying to sneak into hell to see him   But yeah, I dont think has any good idea of what this series is
If not Lilith being Alestors benefactor Maybe Eve?
tbf the reason i believe why Charlie had a hard time againt adam and almost probably died if it wherent for Lucifer is because she most likely doesnt have any fighting experience from what whe now
I can say I am uninterested in the Vees and what plans they might have. They seem more like a bump in the road then an actual obstacle.
I feel like before penus was “killed” I think because he was willing to sacrifice himself for everyone let him go to heaven before he died
Most deaths had to be fast honestly, how can they spend more then a minute on a death if it’s only 8 episodes I’m more then positive they would have done more just didn’t have the time hopefully a season 2 will solve that
i figered it out lilith is jesus because in the hazbin hotel early acces and interview came with it and sam haft said that jessus aperes at the end
3:18 AN EGG BOI SURVIVED!!!!!
Plo twist:  Lilith and Alastor fight against Lucifer and Charlie, which opens a backdoor in Alastors deal with Lilith, since she probably told him to protect Charlie. Then he will maybe fuck up everything Charlie has fought for or he redeems himself, and also gets into heaven with the rest of hell, and everyone is happy, the system is fair and the hellborn are left alone and maybe get peace too.
Hear me out - lilith forces Alistor to use his favor from Charlie to force her to end the hotel
I think Pentius death works perfectly as he is a joke, he is unimportant and Adam shows that, yet he will prove to be an important character and shake the foundations of this world after redemption
I am guessing Lilith is not going to really harm Charlie (that much) but will likely try to imprison her or something "for her own good", it'll be interesting for sure, Vivzie is getting better and better at story writing.
Aint it funny that a snake was the first to get in heaven
I think Alastor could possibly be on the chain of Lilith. Perhaps some deal between them was made. It'd explain his sudden power and also why he had hope only after the war between the angels. Because he might have thought he could possibly get up there and kill Lilith. I think it's far fetched, but I'm not too sure. The series tends to do shocking things.
I feel like Adam one-shotting pentious the way he did is also sort of a plot-flaw, why would Adam not use that power on all of the hotel?
I think it will be more that sinner like Sir Pencious will be able to help hell from heaven and improve it from the inside. While good sinners could help down in hell till they eventually die and be sent up to heaven. Plus if Heaven and Hell develop a better relationship, there's nothing stopping angels from coming down to help if things get out of hand.
3:54 I thought that was Adam’s true face too because in the first episode he was eating ribs through the mask
4:20 I assume ACTUAL angels are on Lucifers' level, since he is, you know, AN ANGEL. Thats all he is. I gues pure-blooded angels are just MUCH more powerful than exorcists and than Adam...
I really hope to see adam again. Redemption arc maybe?
Alastor longing for freedom is good because it gives him motivation outside of fun. But also Alastor thinks that Charlie can give him loophole that he needed.   Which means either Royal family of Hell(Charlie, Lucifer and Lilith) has say over deals OR Lilith is the one that holds the leash and Alastor tries to find a Loophole through bloodline.   Both is feasible but because there has never been a hellborne that born from dealmakers this method has never been tested. So it could be an attempt from Alastor's part .
4:53 Yeah Adam’s death was handled slightly better but MY GOD it was anti climactic.
Now  hear me out. Sera suggests many times that there are things Charlie (the audience) does not know about souls entering Heaven. Adam had a contract with Lilith. Whatever it was likely is what made Adam do the exterminations in the first place.  Sir Pentious was killed by Adam, but his soul only showed up in Heaven AFTER Adam died, after Lilith's deal became void. Did Lilith somehow create a deal that prevented Sinners from being capable of ascending to Heaven?
Seriously, why is nobody talking about the fact that the animators deserve an Oscar?
You cant really have too strong opinions of the charecters powers at this point. Alastors power is restricted by his deal to the point that he lost to adam while thinking he's going to win. Charlie has no battle experience or feel to her powers.
since the begining of the show i wanted to see 3 fights 1 Alistor vs Vox, Charlie vs Val and Lucifer vs Adam and i wanted the lucifer fight to be an utter squash match and with one of the 3 im so far not disapointed. i think the alistor vox fight will be an even fight and i think the charlie fight will start off with her getting squshed until she loses it and comes into her power and entierly flips the fight. and after the final song i feel a fight between the hotel and the vees is coming and im guessing at the dynamic lilith will play and what the deal charlie made will entail. but im alreaddy hyped for season two and the sound track has been on repeat on my spotify.
Something that came to mind while watching your video is that everyone wondered about where lillith went, but where is eve? Eve was only mentioned in episode one and episode 8 and both in passing and in regard to lucifer offering her something that adam could never.
here i was thinking she was evil nah shes just negligent
Theory: Satan is the one who got Alastor by the ropes. Could be that he stepped down as the first and true king of hell with Lucifer taking over
One thing you miss about the power scale between Charlie and Alastor with their respective fight against Adam - Charlie actually wounded Adam, Alastor didn't.
But 1 question what limit Alastor and that make him can't his power ? Maybe who own his soul ? Or the condition of the contract idk i woul love to know your tought evry one
I think it would have been beautiful karma for adam to become a fallen angle after he's defeated, it would have been a wonderful gut punch to his ego before he died.
Sir pentinous's death should of been used as a distraction to let someone else finish the job, letting happen in a better way
Cherry bomb and lute is my girlfriends
Do you think Lilith kept Charlie away from Lucy because she thought she could get her into heaven?
I want a solo for lute in season two.
When I saw it for the first time I thought it was Eve
Charlie was using 1% of her power
I wonder if the mechanism of judgement in the Hazbin world demd Pentius redeamd and teleported him out moments before Adam opend fire at Pentius?
Another thing, if Alastor was cooperating with Lilith, is it possible that you were in heaven 7 years ago and came back?🤔
I personally disagree with your idea of Lilith having a deal with Adam. In the beginning of the Prime show, it was said that she refused to be with Adam when he wanted to have full control over their relationship, choosing Lucifer instead. The idea that she would be making a deal with the very man she abandoned is a bit contradictory. I think perhaps the deal was made with Lute instead, with that deal being she would do whatever she could to get Adam killed so she could lead the exorcists instead in exchange for a means to reside in heaven. I have a whole extended theory of a long game Lilith is playing, but I think I'll wait for what you might think.
Lilith and Alistair both disappeared around 7 years but alstor came back  Ignore the misspelled name idk how to spell it
others have said that the reason alastor reappeared after his 7 year absence to help charlie with the hotel was because Lillith ordered him to help and look after her daughter, so once he finds loopholes around his deal and gets off her leash he'll probably betray them and try to take over hell himself
Another detail that is easy to overlook is that its heavily implied that Vox has an... interst in Nifty now. She killed the first man, adam, the tomrentor of hell. That, ise extremely valuable. He probably wants to recruit her to the Vs simply for that........ and she may be extremely vulnerable to suggestions by him.    also i am gonna say that the power of the redemption and the act, The Ulktimate sacrafice, might have ursurped the power of the angelic power he used.    Weee also don't know waht the weapons actually do. It seems implied that they 'kill the souls'. But far as we know that isn't what they really do. FAct they can be used on angels and demons alike especially.    A possible hting they do is less' kill' and more 'untether' the victim. No longer attached to their body or even heaven or hell, and end up drifting in the void.
The other theory for Alastor, he’s in debt to Roo, the Root of all Evil and perhaps the main villain
There’s a theory the reason why Lilith left Lucifer because he cheated on her with Eve and supposedly had Charlie
One thing that confuses me is why would Lillith make a deal with Adam? Doesnt she hate/dislike him? Also wouldn't she tell Adam not to harm Charlie in their deal? Is it possible this was Eve and Lute was mocking her by calling her Lillith? Or just doesnt know? As she does seem to get annoyed when called Lillith
I've been laughing about the snake through out the day omg. 😂😂😂
ngl nifty solos, bro even beat Adam 🤪😭
I think the deal was that anyone killed in the extermination would be sent to heaven. That's why many of heaven's people look like the sinners, any why sir pentious respawns in heaven after Adam nukes him.
RAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHH NIFTY THE SLAYER
so far I've been loving Hazbin Hotel and there season finale is Great and yet it still makes me wonder if there setting Lilith up for Season 2 as the next Villain
I actually liked the way they killed Sir pentious, it was quick, it was real, that's how death happens, in just a second, and that makes it hurt even more
if serpentius going to heaven  is proof of anythign is that adam is the good guy and the purges were actually just ther thing that charlie tried to achieve just faster
Just imagine if in season 2 Hell is already overpopulated or worse than ever because demons don´t fear any sort of consequence since the Extermination Day is no more
2:20I kind of disagree, because as we know sir pentious didnt really die, he went to heaven!
Adam isn't a bad guy he just broken. Adam did a lot of stuff but he did it because he thought he was right with things. He didn't see that, right before his death. That why most of the angel is hiding there face behind a mask. To hid there sins, don't hear no evil, no see no evil, no speak no evil.
I feel like something that’s being left out is what exactly is the ramifications and relationship between Lucifer and Lilith. Knowing relationships in general something between them could’ve driven Lilith away or possibly one or both are hiding something about the formation of Hell and the history surrounding it.
Actually, I thought everyone assumed that Adam was stronger than Alastor. So it was more of a surprise to me that Alastor not only kept up but toyed with him for a bit. Fucking loved it though.
this is unrelated, but has anyone ever told you you sound like popular MMOs?
Well, given that if Alastor's deal is with Lilith, and Charlie is actively but unconsciously going against her mothers desires, it would make sense to help Charlie in order to get rid of Lilith, right?
id like to add lillith could just be evil idk why where assuming lillith is a good guy while we could just say she sold out her people to live in heaven cuz heaven is better then hell i agree with most of the other stuff in the video tho
I think Lilith’s deal with Adam was that she would stop inspiring sinners and letting the exterminations happen as long as she could be exempt and that she could stay in heaven.
I think Lilith might have made a deal with Adam to get Lilith into heaven in exchange for her not supporting the rebellion(a minor sacrifice on Adam's part for a major win but a win win for Lilith not because she gets to live in heaven but because she gives up something she wanted to stop doing anyways to put herself in a position where she won't drive hell to rebellion) and Lilith's deal with Allistor was longer standing potentially even from when he entered Hell since he was throwing weight around early and when he and Lilith vanished 7 years ago it was Lilith collecting on that debt and making Allistor work as a guardian angel to Charlie since Lilith would be necessarily off the table due to the deal with Adam. However Allistor is way more malicious than he lets on and wants to have the chaos his chains prevent him from having but with his order from Lilith likely being something like "help my daughter with her hotel and make sure she and hell stay safe" he's realizing that there is ways to loop what he wants with chaos and bloodshed into that by creating conflicts like the battle against heaven which can still keep Charlie safe, technically further her goals by redeeming sinners, and still move forward his ends in the process. The thing is this would likely put him at odds with Lilith who's trying to use him to keep hell from rebelling but since she couldn't go to hell due to her deal Allistor gets full reign over what Charlie hears of the potential rebellion against heaven. Lilith might even be having the exorcists attack the hotel to try and kill Allistor and help make Charlie's case by killing sinners and thus letting them be redeemed(which might be the mechanic of their redemption, or at least the main one) without letting the Exorcists know her plans for the hotel. I could see her being a hidden ally in season 2 and possibly even redeeming Lute from her murderous leanings now that Adam's either gone or in hell where he belongs. The non-disclosure of her deal might make her seem like more of a villain than she would say if she could and it would make any visits to heaven on Charlie and Vaggie's part more and more likely to break Allistor's secret wide open.
This show has really found its pace and has gotten really good. They better stop playing with us and tell us that s2 date!!
And yet someone that is only 3 feet tall killed him, but I had a feling that she go crazy on angels but not on Adam but she is a phyco. I just really wanted to see if Alistsor stab him for revenge. Well yeah but Adam was out for blood and Charlie even during the fight is a pacifist at heart she kept apologizing to the angels she was fighting and even then she probably doesn’t want to hurt a lot of people and probably she has never or rarely ever used her full powers agent people so she was probably holding back
I see some coming back to help others
I believe Adam went to hell after getting killed by nifty so he will eventually join the hotel to get redemption but he will disguise him self to do it
Carmilla makes sense she said she only did it to protect her kids and didn't want to bring them to her door
I feel like Lilith started the extermination knowing that any sinners who are redeemed will be sent to heaven upon their death to the angels.
What if Lute is Eve
I think the reason Sir Pentius’ death was set up to be so silly and meaningless was to reflect and foreshadow how silly Adam’s death was going to be.  Pentius sacrificed himself for the sake of love, died hilariously and unceremoniously, then ended up getting the ultimate reward of redemption.  Adam died trying to make his own di*k hard, was actually shown mercy at first, he rejected and spat on that mercy, only to die an arguably more hilarious death than Pentius at the hands of Nifty. Meaning his soul is most likely destroyed, the ultimate punishment.
Remember lilith was missing on the pilot
I understand they wanted to have a bit of a gag death but they could've at least given him a hit on Adam and then did a quick death, at the very very least yknow??
There is also a chance of Serpentius choosing to leave heaven and return to a renewed hell.  Now we get to see what a redeemed demon will actually be treated like in heaven, what it is like for him to rub shoulders with exorcists and holier than thou types that earned heaven on their first try.  Also Cherrybomb is still in hell.
Lilith is hiding from eve
How can Lilith have made a deal with Adam to let the extermination happen if it’s been going on for 10,000+ years and she’s only been gone for seven??? Unless you’re saying that she made a deal with him just to get away from the extermination then I get it. Still all very interesting and plausible
that show was straight up cringe.
I like how in the final song it’s revealed that Alastor’s power is being constrained by his deal
I really dont like how Adam looks like a basic try hard energy drink dude. He looks like his diet is just energy drinks and his hobbies include Fortnite and drinking more energy drinks.
I hate how every single theory channel jumps on the owning Alastor train I swear to God, like we see who possesses him and shit.
The difference is experience Charlie doesn't use her powers she has no training in combat so all her skills are improvised or with at most a month of experience whilst alastors has that battle experience and IQ so inspite of being lower power he could fight on a much higher grade
I'm ok with the sinners going to heaven because that means or of the alstors who enjoys tormenting people will stay there
Adam did nothing wrong.
pluh
Kinda lame Charlie had to be saved by her dad…defeats the purpose of the fight and it would’ve been a cool use of strong females being badass
Im really pissed that razzle or dazzle died and its overshadowed by sir pentious🤣
Did Lilith ever die? What if she died 7 years ago and ended up in heaven for sticking it to “the man” (adam) etc
I have my own theroy that what if lke Lillith "complies" with lute, where she actully in secret is helping charlie, but making it look like shes fowloing lutes orders? i doubt that woul;d ha[ppen but i can dream
Dumping Adam is gone for good I'm pretty sure he's going to be in hell soon
Vox is gonna have another tantrum about Alastor coming back again. But this time, I'm hoping Al beats him
Are we sure Lilith is in Heaven, though?could it be a mislead due to the lighting? She could be in earth
Could have handled both Adam and Sir Pentious' deaths a little bit better. Sir Pentious could have had at least a few seconds of hopeful anticipation (maybe even let the cannon actually fire and hit Adam) before he gets wiped out. Adam being made a fool by both Lucifer and the nobody Niffty is also kind of sad for a guy who almost single-handedly took on the entire Hotel. Have him die by Lucifer's hand, after realizing the extent of their difference in power (essentially let him feel like Sir Pentious did after he fails his shot), refusing clemency and swearing to the end. I would also keep his smile towards Lute in his dying moments, it was definitely worth a 1000 words.
ima be honest i think carmila not going is purely logical for the characters main motivation to kill the 1st exterminator in the 1st place
Wasn't the whole thing with Alastor that he came to the hotel for entertainment but then ended up getting attached to the others, to the point where he himself ended up getting hurt. Alastor seems way more conflicted at the end than liberated. He's even like "Why the fuck did i let myself almost die for people im not supposed to care about. I will now change this feeling of mine by convincing myself that im just using them for my schemes".  I feel like the writers are really good at character consistency and foreshadowing, with multiple scenes where i in my first time viewing experience have been able to predict how characters were going to act and sometimes even what they were going to say because of it. So i'm feeling real strong on this one 😄
It would be really lame if adam doesn't come back as a demon because it'd be cool seeing her meet with lute again and if they're gonna cop-out on one death, they can do it for another 😂
No my dude. The way Pentius “died” was perfect. In the heat of battle anything can happen from wiping the board with an air strike or killing the enemy general with a rock. Besides, turnabout is fair play. Ain’t that right Nifty? 😆
It's "Left me with more questions than answers"
I suppose that Lilith the one who gave Adam the idea of extermination. The deal is more likely to be Lilith to give a reason to Heaven to supress sinners, for exchange Lilith goes to Heaven.
I feel like the theory of Alastors power being limited is true, and that being said I'm impressed Alastor held his own for that long with limited power against Adam.
Sounds odd but I think the deal with Adam was Lilith being Adams Wife as in the biblical sense the woman has to be subservient to the man. Since Adam is dead then that means Lilith is no longer bound by Adam.
It makes sense that sir pinches was redeemed
Alastor has defiantly lost his marbles and I am here for it! It’s obvious that not only is he going after the person holding on to the end of his leash but he will definitely target the Vees! The Vees might think he is gone for good but he isn’t so if I were them I wouldn’t be celebrating and making out just yet☺️
Feeling of freedom? Dude, Alastor was scared as fuck. He's trying so hard to free himself by anywho is chaining him down.
With how Sir Pentious (the GOAT) died, I really wished they brought back the whole thing they did with Allistor and Angel Dust;   have the ship itself blow up before he was able to get close, use that confusion-eye-thing he did with Angel, and get at least ONE good, disorienting hit on Adam (mabye even ripping his shirt like with the coat). THEN he gets vaporized. Idk, the way it was scripted I barely processed the fact that he died and had to watch the scene again.   I wanted to feel sad about it because Sir Pentious is my boy my pathetic little gleep glory but I guess like with Razzle and Dazzle, it just happened so fast I felt nothing upon the first watch.
one of my theories is that Lilith got killed 7 years ago in an Exterminationand ended up in heaven, if you think about the fact that she actually didnt do anything wrong and just got sent to hell with Lucifer
I think I would a prefered a more explosive send off to Sir Pentious like crashing the blimp into Adam and some Exorcists and in retaliation Adam kills him and the egg boys.
It would have been fun to see a kind of bean struggle between the blimp and Adam
After the fight Lucifer says Charlie’s the first one to make a change in 10000 years. So that’s how long the exterminations have been happening.
thanks for the spoiler thumbnail a**hole <3
My current theory is both Lilith and Lucifer realized that without heaven's cooperation the only way to liberate hell would be to take-over. But that would mean evil taking over. Not wanting that, they agreed to let heaven do whatever they wanted as long as innocent hellborn were kept out of it. Lilith was taken to heaven to keep her in check, since her music is capable of persuading the souls of the sinners (Charlie's power), and Lucifer was forced to stay and protect Charlie, also to maintain a semblance of order in hell with his mere presence. This is why Lilith takes Charlie away during "More than anything". Lucifer had to stop dreaming about saving souls from hell, and stop putting ideas in Charlies mind. But it was too late, Charlie did grew inspired by her father, and his account of the past still paints Lilith as a protector of her people. There's still a chance Lilith is playing a long game, letting Charlie take charge while she still "makes good" for the deal she made with heaven. But for the last scene in the show, I kinda suspect she really just wanted to keep the deal going not expecing Charlie to get that far.
Left with so many questions mostly just like how could I Lilith do this to her wrong kid but yeah there’s definitely a lot of questions. Honestly, the finale just had me thinking that if Lilith me that kind of deal, then maybe she’s not the one who owns Alastor so maybe if somebody else but then who who could on Alistair saw who could’ve trip Tim Ward beat him to get that thing to begin with?
I know Lilith's eyes were covered by her sunglasses, but she looks nothing like the secret trading card
I just hope she won’t be the second pink diamond cuz this shit is getting to complicated
Carmilla didn't want to fight. She only helped so they can possibly defend hell from the slaughter but she wanted to keep her family and people safe. She refused to fight incase they failed because they would have gone straight after her family as revenge and just shutting the whole resisting against extermination. But she helped so maybe they succed. So she played smartly and kept herself out of it so her people can be safe but kept herself out of the front line so they can't track this to her.
Yo why Adam fine
This show needed at least 1 or 2 more episodes for season 1
Im wondering if the "deal" was that Lilith made was giving herself up to basically be a "hostage" by heaven given how much she empowered hell and brought deamons toogether. And mabey Adam threatened to slaughter all of hell and mabey even Charlie if she didnt give herself over.
My guess is Lilith made a deals to protect Charlie from Adam or heaven?
I am pretty sure we aren't done with Adam and that next season we are going to find out that he mirrors Sir Pentious and falls down to hell as a demon after dying.
back to what i said last episode what if lucifer , lilth and Eve made plan together for them to change the tide or are working with God or a high rank archangel recarding how sinners can be redeemed but none of them wants to tell charlie anything because in ep 5 lucifer contacted someone in heave to open the portal so it had to be lilith because the talk between adam and lucifer it looks like lucifer is still in contact with eve who replaced lilith as charlie mom because they both know lilith cant leave heaven dude to some reasons which is no longer in effect cause adam is died so yh im curious to what season 2 have in store
I feel like season 2 would introduce lilith as the main antagonist or possibly even the introduction of Michael.
The reveal of alister's contract patron would have to be a season two finale
Isnt hell crazy overpopulated? Which is whyeven though heaven is corrupt, Charlie thinks that it could balance the ease of both places. I thought Sir Pentious death was so fucking funny.. it was comedically perfect.. the fact they were upset about it after too made complete sense even though it was so tone deaf. But it was sad and hilarious at the same time. It was one of the funniest moments
If you closely take a look at the scene where on the screen it says that Extermination day was cancelled, you can see 2 characters that are most likely going to be in Season 2 bc it shows Angel's brother, which is the black spider and the other original main cast character, the mad scientist angler fish (I honestly can't remember his name rn) but those 2 characters are most likely going to be in Season 2 bc otherwise they wouldn't be there
I think Alastor have make a deal with Eve, not Lilith. Technically Eve must be in hell because she is the one ☝️ who eat the apple and bring evil on earth plus we haven’t see her yet. I think 7 ago they might have a confrontation between Lilith and Eve, that make Lilith hiding in heaven from Eve power by making a deal 🤝 with his ex Adam, probably both were scared from Eve
I think alastor wouldve killed adam if he went all out to begin with
You forgot the main issue about hell being over population
My theory is either Lilith is gonna be a villain or she’s gonna secretly be a good person and a good character if she’s a villain then I’m guessing she’s gonna go after Lucifer first since there is really no proof that Charlie really did anything to Lilith?
update tirlist pls.
am i the only one that wantps adam to return 😅
sir perntious was the weakest of them but had more bravery in his heart and whole body and he truly deserved to be the first one to get into heaven and that's a fact! He is that dude right now!
I don't get why everyone is giving Lilith so much of the benefit of the doubt, she devastated Lucifer, she openly rebelled and fled from Eden, of her own free will, and then somehow after already having her own free will then "gifts humanity free will with Lucifer" which opps just so happens to include sin and the creation of Hell.  And then she's up in Heaven hiding out even when "sinners can't be redeemed" and she should still count as a mortal soul and technically a sinner from before Adam and Eve, unless we have confirmation that she herself has never once been a human.  Then notice Lucifer's statements and the periods of disappearance, Seven Years of Alaster having "clipped wings" he's always been a murderous sociopathic monster, and he's trying to regain something, for seven years, and for seven years Lilith hasn't been returning calls and sipping margaritas on the Beaches of Heaven. And Husker already knew that Alaster was missing on a leash but didn't know where he was for seven years. Sounds to me more like Lilith used Alaster and then when the time came, he was stripped of his power and everything we've seen so far has been the end result of him building himself back up. And well Radio and Songstress come on, what's radio without music?
It's so good to know that this show has a few seasons planned because I just NEED this to continue on for a long time.
I didn't really have an issue with Penetious' death since he didn't actually, practically die. If he was permanently out of the show that'd be another thing, but since his soul is still around, it doesn't bother me.
Im kinda thinking the deal could be those two
Lucifer said that Adam's first wife didn't mind what he was offering... nor the second. I have so many questions about that now.
Honestly I don't think the extermination is going to stop. Sarah didn't look thrilled to see that it was possible for demons to redeem themselves and enter heven. Like I think after this war even though hell would just defending themselves she's still going to justify the extermination maybe even an all-out war. I just don't trust her.
I think the Pentius scene would have worked better if he'd gotten the shot off, but Adam dodged and counter attacked. As is, Adam acknowledged that the Death Ray could have hurt him, but didn't seem rattled enough to give the scene real weight.
In Helluva Boss we have a shitty mum and a great dad, so there is a good chance that we get the same thing in Hazbin Hotel.
I liked a lot the season and the two final episodes in the 7 episode we see charlie trying to get it all together to be ready for episode 8 so its was necessary in my opinion but a bit boring but the episode 8 was a blast it was the episode all the season was building and it had it all  especially action fighting against all the storngest charachers(lucifer , alastar , adam).
Season 2's gonna have to adress a lot of questions lol.  I know Alastor never lied about his arrangement with Charlie, but he never told the truth and never mentionned being on a leash. He wants out and doesn't seem to mind who he has to step on to accomplish that. However I truly hope he has a change of heart and once he's free, instead of taking over Hell and pulling the strings, he settles with his 'friends' and found family that have wormed their way through his heart. I may be too cheesy, but I find fully evil vilains boring, and redemption is always a pleasure to watch in a complex character.
I really hate that this season didn’t get the amount of episodes that it deserved. And I know it was out of the teams hands but really left some scenes to fall flat. The scene where Vaggie was learning to fight for love wasn’t in character for Vaggie at this time. We should’ve had some scenes where Vaggie was fighting like Carmilla said. And the Sir Pentious scene and his death is in character but has no weight. The thing that the writers failed to do is give you characters where you’d be sad to see die. We never got to learn about the main cast and get that emotional weight. As a writer, I know in a limited amount of time it’s going to be hard to do that. Though there are some scenes where we could get those, even where’d Vaggie got her wings could’ve had more weight if they’d put it where she gave mercy to Lute. I think the writers are just looking at the plot points and the action but not much of the character’s personality and flaws that can go with the plot points.
when they killed Sir Pentious, i was upset because it felt like just an empty death. totally pointless. then i saw the ending
The deal was that Lilith stayed in heaven  to keep her from singing in hell and causing an uprising, in exchange for keeping the hellborn and her family safe
you misspelled lilith
I can understand the push to go to heaven though, unless its been retconned Hell’s enviormemt is miserable for humans the allergies, the heat and cold, existing in Hell is uncomfortable in the best case scenario.
lilith being in heaven isn't super surprising to me. considering she and alastor disappeared at the same time and there really isn't anywhere for them to go but earth or heaven (and i'm sure the angels wouldn't be too keen on letting such high ranking demons gallivant through earth), it's logical to conclude they were both in heaven for that time.
I dont even have prime, so i cant watch the show ive just seen spoilers and watched them all so i can get with the lore the most i can, having the relevant idea of whats going on. But if theres another season- i genuinely want to see an episode of the other Exterminator angels turning on Lute perhaps because she fell weak. But in yet another act of spare, vaggie helps defend lute. Sure i like the idea of lute being a villain but there are a lot more threats to be hyping for and i think Lute getting a chance of redemption arc because of Vaggie, would be pretty cool to see.
This finally was so intense i personally think that Lilith was the one who told adam or heaven that the demons where uprising maybe she even helped adam plan the original  examination i personally think that Lilith will be a villain in season two ngl
How come the Vs weren't doing anything? They were so enthusiastic about killing angels.
I mean I was thinking that sir pentious somehow survived and dealt this final stab to adam... xd
I think it was a huge mistake for Adam to be killed off so soon. This guy is like super important lore-wise and I really thought he'd be given more depth!
I think alistair made a deal with eve or some othere darker beings his simbols are strange who else can there be
Hopefully season 2 won't feel so rushed.
I think adam has great power and strength  That makes puts between the sins and the ars Goetia  But lacks battle experience skill and battle strategy (Lute has these feats on lock down she made vaggie look like a child)  Alastor only lasted as long as he did because he used battle strategy skill and experience  But his power and strength is just out classed  I believe alastor is the 3rd strongest overlord Zestial is 1 Carmilla is 2 Alastor 3   I wonder if adam is gonna respawn because he is immortal And no immortal has ever been killed before Or  is abel gonna show up and avenge adam  while not having the same power or strength as adam  abel could be a master fighter hand to hand weapons battle tactics with a fair amount of strength and power Similar to an ars goetia Making much harder to finish off  Unlike adam who let his guard down heavily and died because of it  Lute said she was in charge now but she is missing an arm  got beat because her pride didn't let her quckly finish off vaggie (she wanted vaggie's eye)  I think she will be in command but not the big threat from the army of heaven  Maybe Cain can pop up and deal with abel after a crazy surprise blow delt to hell like 25% of hell's population gets erased without notice or something
Part of me thinks lilith is playing both sides.
I think Adam's smile at the end was him getting to see Lute's face one last time..
Why tf does Adam look like ridgedog?
Liith's
Nifty killing Adam made me laugh lol Maybe Alistar has the deal with Lilth to look after Charlie, because she always knew about Lute and Adam
my theory was that Lilith is sacrificing her peoples souls (sinners) for a spot in heaven
Friendly reminder…Charlie was most likely not using her full power when fighting Adam…at least if that arm thing is any indication
Also, part of me actually wants to see Adam come back as a sinner demon. Because as it stands, he's almost a Martyr for heaven. Someone who died at the hands of demons while doing his job. If he appeared in hell as a new sinner demon. It wouldn't just confirm that souls can go up or down even in the after life. But also shows that it's possible angelic weapons don't eliminate people but send them to a new part of the cycle depending on their choices. Also, having Adam thrown off his throne and being forced to live with the sinners he once killed would be more ironic of a fate. Like, he got into Heaven on a technicality and now he's getting his proper punishment.
You need to take in consideration, that most of Hell dont want to change, so even if you leave some "good sinners" behind, will change very little.   the one thing that can change Hell for the better is Lucifer and his family taking more direct actions ruling the place. Lucifer never cared much about Hell, Lilith was the one that cared, but now Charlie show him that Hell can change, so maybe he will step up to rule Hell
It makes sense for sir penitous to be wiped in a second tjough, considering how weak he was compared to alastor and lucifer
Charlie did say her dad let the angels comes down after a meeting where he said 'Sure kill them' so I don't think that was Liliths idea.
Alistair has a deal with voodoo spirits, you can tell this by the Images that are flying around him while he’s using magic
My actual reaction to seeing that scene with Lilith was just “that’s interesting”
just putting it out they're you misspelled "Lilith"
I think it was brilliant, realistic, and an appropriate subversion of tropes that Sir Pentious died the way he did
The exterminations have been happening for 10,000 years it was specified in the where they built the hotel back up. It was specified by Lucifer
One thing I’m confused on is the power levels of these characters. Charlie, Alastor and Lucifer? through this entire series Alastor has been hyped up countless of times for how power he is, but then lost so easily. I feel Charlie has more strength up her sleeve but we really didn’t see too much, with Lucifer getting the most spot light of the battle. Idk I just feel like the power levels (kind of expect Lucifer) is a little odd.
9:15 as long as she doesnt live a hermit live on an island and drink green milk from a space cow
Would be cool if the reason why Adam smileing was because he knew that he would be sent back to the Garden of Eden, which we could see in the future if Adam returns because of that
I think in season two Emily and Sir Pentious are going to be our eyes in heaven and between those two they will figure out how to redeem souls. I don't think Sir Pentious gave his soul to anyone which may be the key to redemption. I also think Lucifer was doing something before he joined in the battle at the end. Remember the deal was every year the extermination was suppose to happen and Adam just changed the rules of the agreement out of spite and I think Lucifer was either in heaven declaring the deal broken and then went to join the struggle or he was getting all his ducks in a row (lol) for the after math.
Not sure why people are suprised Adam is way stronger than Charlie . Lucifer is still a seraph so him being stronger makes sense .
THEY KILLED MY SNAKE BOY AND MADE ADAM HOT WHY WHYYYYYY
I think Lucifer stepped in that time because if we remember, he made an agreement with the exterminators that no hellborn should be harmed, so when Adam harmed charlie, that agreement became null and void and he had full reign to fuck Adams shit up but it being his daughter to get hurt just made it worse for adam 😂
I think sir pentiouses swift defeat is meant to be a shock that comes out of left feild si sad somber music wouldn't really fit as its spoon feeding you what will happen soon. I think its also meant to show you just how powerful adam is and how weak even middle ranking demons are to adam.  Mind you, sir wasnt even close to being an overlord but he certainly had a fighting chance with the minions and death blimp. Showing how shocking it must have been for the other hotel staff to see someone use all their power and fail almost immediately, getting absolutely evecirated without the opponent breaking a sweat .
adam the first man just being a dude is perfect
This has me thinking adam is going to reappear in hell. I'm thinking it's basically a cycle. Good souls that die go to heaven. Bad ones go to hell and if either of the 2 wind up changing & dying normal then they switch.  Lilith might have fuck Eve with her deal with Adam. Adam does seem like a great or good guy so I suspect they made a switch & Eve is stuck in hell. She might be the one that out smarted Alastor making him protect her & making him a good lil boy weather he likes it or not.
WHY IS NOBODY TALKING ABOUT ALASTOR'S LINE ABOUT "UNCLIPPING HIS WINGS"?!
I'm just confused about alastor mainly, Idk if he just became the villain or not.
.
so vivz watch to much dragon ball
Imagine if the redeemed sinners act as pseudo-cherubs for hell  Also, what if the reason the exterminations took place in the first place was to give sinners a chance at redemption by getting a chance to be rejudged after their death based on their actions in hell? Only time will tell.
All that...only to be taken out by Cocaine Pinkie Pie.
'i question hwo powerful charlie is'.    dude she literally blocked what was probably an even more serious version of the punch he used to compeltely destroy alastor's shield at the end there.     What she lacks is an actual understanding of her own powers and experience. she is probably much more powerful tahn she's shown by far..... probably, horrifyingly powerful if certain gueses i ahve are right. dangerously powerful.     REgardless alastor was someone who specialized in hunting other overlords so he has much more experience in fighting than charlie by far. but even then he didn't manage to even draw a drop of blood from the man.
2:54 I really feel like if they framed it as horrific Sir Pentious being one shot in a terrifying blast of angelic power, it'd work so much better. It would be way less emotionally jarring while showing how powerful Adam is.  But they chose the jokey framing instead and then followed it with serious reactions to his death as if they didn't frame it as a ridiculous death.
Imagine Adam dying and God being cast because he is neutral 😅
Wasn't every action that vaggy did teal now just for Charlie, she never even mentioned revenge
i hope they reveal limbo. a state of existence and non-existence that could be an excuse to not have anyone permanently die. also explain how sir Pentious made it into heaven despite being struck down with holy power.
im actually pretty sure (atleast what ive seen) that lilith is in eden not heaven
Nah they never said extermination day is over. Its definetly still gonna continue
yeah i agree sir pentious's death was so weird it didn't really take an emotional toll on me
I would agree with you on Pentious’ death if it weren’t for the fact that he didn’t ACTUALLY die. He just ascended into Heaven.
So if sir pensious  became an angel.... would Adam come back as a demon?
I full on think that it is Sara's accidental fault. She decreed in the court of heaven that they know a soul is redeemed when it arrives in heaven. Not only did Sir P get redeemed but his soul arrived right in front of her face. Not in front of St. Peter. Where souls end up if they are winners the first time.   Maybe she accidentally manifested this to be true and therefore it is now
It would have been better if Sir Pentious had the same Send off like Majin Vegeta were he's going to use his Airship to Self Detonate  Taking the majority of the exorcist but Adam Still Surviving Sheesh I would have shed tears after that
Alastor was trying to kill Adam. I don’t think Charlie was trying to kill, which is why alastor was able to seems more powerful or at least that’s my guess.
At 10:17 You said there is nothing to look back to, but in Episode 3 Scrambled Eggs, Zestial is talking to Alastor. He says "It has been an age since thou has graced us with thy presence. Some have spun wild Tales of you fall into holy into holy arms." Followed with Alastor laughing and immediately turning his back to Zestial in to look in the reflection of a broken window looking from side to side quickly replying "Oh, I just took a well-earned sabatical" before turning back to Zestial and finishing with "Though, it's fun to keep everyone on their toes." Maybe not in holy arms, but the "arms" of the demon in a holy place. And by arms, I mean leash.
I have a theory, Charlie’s Mother and the radio Demon both had an absence of seven years before the first episode
I wonder if the fact that Pentious was completely vaporized by literal holy light is a factor in his redemption. Kind of a "cleansing fire" sort of thing.   "Sacrifice yourself" and "be vaporized by an angel" are pretty annoyingly specific parameters for redemption, but I have a hard time believing no one in Hell has ever died trying to protect someone they cared about before. The show already calls out that it's kinda silly no one has tried killing an angel with angelic steel before, so i can only take so much more "nobody thought of that"
I dont think the lamb died, but i imagine lucifer came because one of them died.
I think she just wants chaos, and forced Adam and Alastor to fight to cause chaos and her entertainment. I wouldn't be surprised if the series ends with her or (in my opinion less likely) Alastor being the main villain. She made sure to keep them separate and it just worked well for her.
3:43 I will say, I think objectively she is stronger than Alastor, she just doesn’t know how to fight. She easily stops adams full assault with a single hand when she focuses. Then Luci throws him and beats him
She will definetly be the villain
I think we should also talk about what that favour Alastor now has over Charlie is. We know he said that the facour wouldnt involve hurting anybody, but he clearly has an idea of whst hes gonna ask for.
it should be noted that Charlie kept getting stronger and even surprised adam. I think its more her not knowing how to fight then anything, she's still far stronger.
Adam video please!!!
I think the reason Alastor is chained under contract isn’t to just be a body guard or protector of the Hotel/Charlie, but also to keep him from destroying all of the work they're putting in. He's easily one of the most evil sinners in Hell, everyone fears him as a psychotic power hungry serial killer. He doesn't just not believe in the Hotel's and Charlie's mission, he's an antithesis to the entire thing. Alastor being chained up is the only way his master saw this entire thing succeeding, and if Alastor breaks his chains somehow he'll be its biggest threat. Its not just raw power, clearly at this point he's not the strongest, but he also proven to be capable of manipulating people better than Vox. Vox has a literal power to mind control too, and uses a team to accomplish this, so that’s not a small feat for Alastor. Alastor is a god damn menace, and I'd love to see him become the final villain of the whole concept of redemption.
Why is nobody talking about the fact that Dazzle died in that fight?
Charlie is inexperienced as a fighter and has neglected her powers in that area  I don’t mind how they did Sir Pentious’s death. Adam is way more powerful and it showed that something you love can be snuffed in a moment
bro why is adam is handsome bruh
Agree to disagree with everything you said. I think the script was PERFECT. I'm glad Carmine didn't fight, as her whole theme was to avoid war for her daughters. Also i loved the scene where sir pentous died and landed in heaven. This just proves that Charlie was right all along and is enough evidence for Ceraphim to change her mind
I was really disappointed how they did Sirpentious in like that. Like at least let him fire a feeble deathray. Plus the amount of time they mourned him left me feeling disappointed. Canonically they'd spend a few months with him. Going into a happy song right after he died seemed distasteful.   At least Pentious got to kiss the girl before his exit stage right.
I hope they make season 2 quickly... We waited so long for the first season and its only 8 episodes 🥲😭
Until we see Alastor stop smiling I refuse to believe anything has actually shaken him. Even Adam breaking his microphone just gave him pause. Something has to make him lose composure and having his plans to get out of his deal thwarted by Lillith or maybe even Charlie would probably do it
Cant wait for them to visit sex offender island in the next season!
I think sir pentious as an angel is perfect because do you really think he's going to just stay in heaven? He's probably going to have a squidward in tentacle acres type deal. It'll prove that sinners CAN be redeemed and go to heaven but why should they when they can make hell better? I think it'll work out lol
I think Lilith doesn't want the Hotel to succeed because if all the Sinners are redeemed and gone to Heaven, she no longer has any subjects to rule over other than the Hellborn. And she seems much more interested in the Sinners than the denizens.
I think Sir Pentious' unceremonious death works because of his redemption. If there had been more attention and heart put into his death scene, his turning up in Heaven could have retroactively cheapened that moment. I would be pretty pissed if he was killed off in a snap like that and then really was just gone though.  That is to say, it works from the audience perspective. The characters in universe aren't going to feel more or less grief for him no matter how the scene plays out, but we as the audience will, and might feel kind of annoyed for having our heartstrings tugged just for him to be totally fine.
im sure charlie's still powerful than alastor, alastor just has more control with his power and has more combat experience and charlie doesnt really use any of her powers
vox being gay is the best part
Nah nah I think it’s okay some may still wanna go to heaven. I think having it so that the choice to check out is there but it’s the pride ring. The only thing that would prevent a soul from being redeemed would either be pride, or because they like their home and their family. I’ve been under the impression that Angel would be redeemed at some point and his character arc will end with him choosing to stay in hell where all the people he cares about are and maybe even want to take a more active role in helping people out that were in positions like his. Or maybe he just feels so similar to me that I’m hardcore projecting we’ll see!
I think Sir Pentious’s death is funny retroactively considering g Adam was so convinced that sinners couldn’t be redeemed, but ended up being the catalyst that proved Charlie right. I think that’s hilarious, just wish he lived long enough to realize what he did.
I think when in Charlie’s battle with Adam in comparison to alastors fight. Alastor probably has more experience in fighting compared to Charlie.
I full heartedly believe that because of all the cliff hangers and unresolved plots that this first batch was ment to set up MENY more sessions, as if a way to kinda make sure it won't get canceled as easy.
Idk if I agree with Lilith being the antagonist just because Lute told her so…she probably would need a much stronger motivation. The only true villain still around now is Lute (and potentially) the personification of God we have yet to see in Hazbin Hotel. Which while controversial I would LOVE to see God as the real villain at some point.
Adam should still stay dead in season 2
What throws me off is for as much as adam is a complete ahole, that looks he gave lute actually made me feel bad for a sec. Only one sec but nonetheless
2:28 Defenetly agree here! His quick dead kinda had a comedic tone that didn't fit.  Howerver, considering that Sir pentious is revive minutes later has a winner, I get why they didn't make it dramatic. In a way, his death scene basecly tells us "You didn't think this scene fit? That's because it's a not a true death scene". Still wish it didn't have that comedic undertone thought for the reasons you mention
I'm just glad Adam didn't disappoint in terms of powe, also makes me wonder how strong he'd be if he went to hell, since he would be under the same condition as Lilith possibly
I feel like it's also likely that Lillith's deal with Adam was probably one of protection or similar(maybe not knowing that Lucifer already made a similar deal that no hellborn are to be killed) for her family while she is basically a "guest", IE politcal hostage. Idk I just want it to be true that a main character has 2 loving parents that try in their own ways to be good parents. Maybe I'm huffing that copium.
I'm dissapointed by Adams human form but thats actually my only gripe rn. THO YEAH SIR PENTIOUS DEATH MADE ME MAD!! So anti-climatic but him getting to heaven saved it kinda🤷‍♀️ Well I am confused by Charlies family dynamic mostly confused by her and her dads and I wonder what made Lillith chose heaven over her family. ALSO DID LUCIFER FUCK EVE TOO?? Because of his comment to adam-
The power scaling of Alastor Charlie and Adam comes down to experience… Alastor is an overlord that once in hell immediately started fighting and climbing the ladder of power. Adam like the executioners fight with reckless abandon cuz they had no perceived danger to themselves. Charlie has never actually fought anyone before. So I can believe in raw strength it goes Charlie > Adam > Alastor but experience it’s Alastor > Adam > Charlie. Which is why Alastor gets blindside but an outburst of power from Adam he didn’t expect as he was easily handling him before and even says how sloppy Adam is then the same with Charlie fighting Adam
Season q was amazing but it was way too short in my opinion
What is going to happen to Adam is she going to be now in hell ASDA overlord or is it going to come back to Heaven send his Adam the first human so yeah we'll see I guess ? 🤔
Ok but is razzle/dazzle dead??? LIKE WHAT
The deal that Adam had with Lilith could be she had the overlords build mistrust and resentment to one another thus building a place where humans can't have a chance to go into heaven. As Adam said hell is forever if there was a chance for sinners to redeem themselves he will lose his standing in heaven and he's favorite pass time.  Back to Lilith this might be why the other overlord didn't join in directly because of a deal made by lilith to not interrupt the angle exterminators. The overlords might happen just her creation just so that she can build this continuous cycle of miss trust and anger in hell  And you might ask why Alistair was able to attack. That's probably because his deal is different than the others defend but never attack an angel
I seriously hope we see Adam again, he was easily the second most entertaining character
I didnt like how pentious AND adams deaths were handled. Adam was finished off as a joke. 🤦   It takes a great deal of effort to animate a half mask and half face like this. Then the mask fully broke and they had to animate his full face. The face reveal was really unnecessary and unless he was going to manifest in hell because if he was going to manifest in hell, he would not be in his angelic garb and we would need to know what his face looks like.
Did you notice at the end that Charlie is wearing Lilith's crown?
Despite Adam being the Angel. But Lucifer is the original of the angels. Ofcorse Adam will lose to Lucifer.
I think the reason sinner can't get into heaven (usually) is because they know heaven exist by being good are expecting a reward Sir Pentious sacrificed himself with no expectation of a reward it's basically what happened to John Constantine in the live action Constantine movie
Where can I watch hazbin hotel ?
That episode was fire🎉
Actually I think Lucifer did mention that Charlie was the first one in tens of thousands of years to change the outcome of an extermination. So they've been around long before Liliith dissapeared.
7:07 I mean, the way I see it...why not both?  The point of the last few episodes really hint at another aspect of Charlie coming to the forefront: tapping into her devil side more and becoming more accepting of the idea of growing into a genuine leadership role for Hell. Because end of the day...Charlie almost certainly cannot get into Heaven on a permanent basis herself, any more than Lucifer can - her plan for redemption has always been for the "hotel to rehabilitate sinners," as in the mortal souls of sinners. I always took that as hellborn from the imps to the Sins being inherently bound to Hell by nature.  But by that, I think Charlie's arc has now shifted and matured with her, as has the goal for the hotel and now with Daddy L's full support and spirit reinvigorated. Now it can exist to still act as a path to redeeming the souls of those who want it but also generally to foster camaraderie and unity to better those who don't have that interest; Charlie still cares for them all and will almost certainly remain behind in Hell regardless of what progress the hotel makes, for the people of her home. I could even see that being a plot point, Charlie getting the option to enter Heaven full time as an angel, complete redemption in her father's stead (and even Vaggie's to an extent, being an angel), and having that choice put in front of her...and that even possibly tying into Alastor finally seeing his opportunity to break free and grasp supreme power in Hell and completing his ultimate villain arc.
My theory: Adam wanted to make a deal with Lilith that she stay in heaven (though I'm not quite sure what she's supposed to get out of this, unless it's just _being_ in heaven) But in episode 1's opening, its said she doesn't like Adam telling her what to do, so if she were take that offer she would need more incentive, enter Alastor. I think she made a deal with him that she would _leave_ (leaving room that one such as Alastor could potentially find power to usurp the throne if they wanted) in exchange for him protecting Charlie and not attempting to take her soul. If Lilith were to come back to Hell, this would likely mean the deal is broken. However there's a hole in this theory in that it doesn't explain why Alastor was gone for 7 years.
Ain't no way Nifty doesn't get street cred for killing Adam
Eve hasn't been shown yet, so Alastor could be owned by her, another option is Lillith of course. Although I don't think he owns him Zestial is also absolutely worth checking out. Alastor was shocked by his appearance and people around them were running away or even setting themselves on fire. Alastor doesn't have this effect alone so this could be more of a Zestial thing. Besides, he is old. Very old. Presumably about half a millenium old but maybe a lot older, considering Adam who is the first soul literally talks like a frat guy. Whatever he is. Zestial lays low, that his entire strategy for as far as we know. When he crept up on Alastor Alastor's reaction showed that he was no joke. This could be out of respect, fear or just surprise either way it's an impression we didn't really see on Alastor before. I'm not saying he owns Alastor ofcourse, there's very little alluding to that. He had more confidence towards Adam who managed to beat him. Granted he massively underestimated Adam, but that's a different story.
i don't think alastar is owned by lilith but it seemed to me that he was becoming a better person as mindy had said it has been a long time since alastor did something terrible so my theory is that alastar was ter first person to be redemed from hell however he had a deal with lilith where she would give him power but he would own one to her and the day he would go to heaven she stole his place
Alestor can't make any damage to Adam at all his fight maybe look more cool witch his power but it only make Adam annoy at best while Charlie have less fight experience but sill can hurt Adam Alestor may got more style tactic and trick but Charlie still got more raw power then him
Lilith is right up there with valentino, in the evil scale. That is unless Charlie talks some sense into her in the next season.
Honestly. With pencious death being in a joke fashion I think it makes sense. Adam takes it as a joke and just the slaughtering of demons as a joke as well. But to Charlie it is so much more devistating.
i think sir pentious comic death was on purpose, something to quickly showcase adam's power, like if homelander instantly decapitates someone important for the show for an example, happens so fast that at the first you laugh, then you realize (oh were fucked). Still think could've been handled better tho, and deserved more spotlight on atleast a try, and charlie deserved a bit of spotlight in the fight also. Still incredible finalle tho
About Sir Pentious being obliterated on a whim... Yeah, that was shocking... Which is, I guess, the point ! Azel and Dazel died unceremoniously as well BTW. But don't you worry, just by EXISTING there, Pentious will make Heaven totally upside down. Just look at Sera's face damnit !
Notice this at the end when vox and Val were dancing it seemed like they were about to kiss
İ am still wondering where is the fucking eve ??? İ dont understand that part of the show. What happened the Eve? Why we didnt ask that or see her in the show?
The fact that Eve cheated on Adam with Lucifer could be alluding to Cain being Lucifer's kid rather then Adam's, which would make the fact that Cain killed Abel yet another way Lucifer ruined Adam's life. I really hope Adam comes back as a Sinner that comes to reside on the hotel so we can explore that.
Adam is not a scum, he acts like a child because of his past, he had 2 wives that left him, got his world destroyed once, how do you think he is just a scumbag but dont even know the story behind his true past?
I believe that the reason why sir Pentious did end up going to heaven despite being killed by Adam, is because he wasn't killed there at all. Proving himself being able of change for the better, he was rehabilitated and thus transferred to heaven before being annihilated. What I'm saying is, we see his ship being destroyed, but he likely wasn't on it at that very moment. (I say "likely", because that would be the easiest way of explaining that, instead of trying to even start thinking of what happens to someone in this universe, when they get killed for a second time)
I feel like God most likely moved Pentious before he was killed. God should be more then powerful enough to move a soul instantly, faster than light can travel.
If she wanted to be in heaven this whole time she shouldn't have left Adam for Lucifer to begin with like???
Lute is going want revenge she obviously loved Adam
The show isn’t meant to be super serious. Don’t think things too seriously for hazbin hotel. Also, why did you black and white Adams death but not all the other angel Gore?
NOOO SIR PENTIOUS DIED 😭😭😭😭 HE WAS MY FAVORITEEEEEE 🐍
The whole angel weapons weakness was CAP 🧢🧢🧢. Not to mention Vaggie lost her wings and her eye to the angels, so how did she not no.
GOD TIER season finale!
Finally! A character with mommy issues! I hope Lilith is an actual bad mom and person.
I like the idea that Lilith is a mirror of Adam.  He was shitty and arrogant, absolutely.  But it would be nice to see for so many reasons.  A deeply flawed, arrogant, self centered, and even childish woman would make just as much sense for being the literal first woman from which all future generations improved.  Same as Adam.  It's different from the usual depictions as well, following the trend of extremely powerful demon names being attached to less than serious personalities.  It also gives other ways for Charlie to develop, knowing she probably looks up to her mother and can't see or doesn't want to see her flaws.  This might even be why Lucifer was estranged for so long.  Lilith putting a rift in their relationship intentionally.  It's a tragically common story.    As for Adam dying already, I REALLY hope he comes back as a demon.  He's too interesting a character for others to play off to be gone this soon, and sets up the next major conflict:  demons finding redemption, and the souls of heaven falling to corruption.  If anyone showed all the major character flaws to fall, it's Adam.  Plus, something about his face kept reminding me of Goetia features, and his overwhelmingly blatant sin is Pride.  Something rampant among Goetias.  I don't think he'd become one of their family or anything, but could very easily get a callback design
The first St Pete do you not understand why Snake ended up in heaven. He did something selfless sacrificing himself in the process in the hopes that he would be able to protect the ones he loved or grow to love. AKA he did something that only a saint could do a hero's death and hero's reward. It's not what killed him it's how he died and what he died for. Try Occam's razor for the answer of why the snake went to heaven.
Lucifer being alastor's contract still isnt out of the question?
I'm glad Adam got killed that  dudes toxic as fuck-
Now all of hell know that nifty is insane i wonder who is gonna be the next bad boy of hers?
Lilith is a manipulator she lies more than anyone
I think Charlie might have more raw power but Alastor has more fighting experience
Im sorry to say but your entire opinion around sir pentous's death was dog. If you think it was supposed to be a joke then you saw the scene wrong
See who says Lilith is in heaven she might be in the living world and I don’t know how much they’re doing, like with hell of a boss I know the base in the same place and they can go to the human world in that one
I think Lilith has a much more devious plan, especially if she is the one who controls Alastor via deal. She is clearly a manipulator with the uprising, her deal with Adam and Alastor, leaving her family behind completely, separating Charlie from her father (they could've easily done the Charlie and Lucifer scene without Lilith taking her away but they devoted considerable screentime to that). She is definitely going to be THE antagonist. Whether for good or bad is to be seen.
I think Satan is a hellhound who runs the Wrath realm and he has a leash on Alastor, therefore Alastor hates dogs more than how he was hunted by one.
Im still not sure why alastor bothered to fight, hes been pretty damn neutral and the amount of effort he put into it felt weird.  Follow up: im actually a massive fan of pentious' death considering he isnt out of the show yet. Its a fitting way for him to die and it segued nicely into redemption
I mean, Charlie may be stronger than Alastor, but she's a pacifist, she's inexperienced, that would explain how Adam is able to overwhelm her in combat.
Charlie may be stronger than Alistair but she lacks the combat experience he has remember as far as we know she was primarily a pacifist all her life
The way you didnt even acknowledge the pentious and cherri bomb kiss
Would love a vid about Adam. At the end of the day, I would  watch any vid and/or theory about Heaven in Hazbin Hotel.
Hell is still a bad place alastor is still a bad person who won't change. Sinner with a good heart should go to heaven because they could get seriously hurt
You forgot to factor in that Charlie literally stopped Adam with one hand to even HIS surprise. Compare that to how Alastor got punked and re-evaluate your power level comparison regarding Alastor versus Charlie. She clearly has some hidden potential. I suspect Viv isn't showing us her true power on purpose.
Another possibility is that Lillith was always tired of Hell when she was first banished so she made a deal with Adam to stage a fake uprising to convince Sera & the higher ups to approve the exterminations.  It would also be a more believable twist to the story at the beginning of episode since Lilith never really cared about other sinners and was only after her own feeedom & self interests
I’m looking forward to seeing what the inside of the new hotel look like that was really fun obviously
I feel Alastor has a deal with an angel, maybe Michael or azrael. Maybe his hate for lucifer is because lucy looks like michael or the angel that he has deal with it. So him fighting adam and estimating how strong an angel and how can it be kill gives him an idea on how the deal can broken
I just realized Charlie being like awh in the background at 2:38.
Who's Liith?
I honestly think Charlie would still one shot Alastor because he didn't hurt Adam at all, just out skilled him, atleast Charlie was able to deflect an attack from Adam compared to Alastor,  and, she even damaged him.
If they made a deal, wouldn't Sera know that Lilith is there?   or what if it's Sera and Lilith made a deal, that in order for Lilith to have a second chance in heaven, she must leave hell in order for the exorcist to do their job and for her people to be clueless and no motivation to uprise or fit back at the angels. Further more from episode 6 Sera was still afraid that Hell might bring an uprise with Lilith gone or not. I refuse to believe that Sera didn't know that Lilith was in heaven. And I'm honestly surprised how Adam never rubbed into Charlie and Lucifer that She was in Heaven with him. (It made me think that Adam didn't know she was there to begin with But i might be wrong on that)   But the thing that gets into my head is, why didnt they show that non-angelic weapons can't kill them? i mean i would imagine at the first extermination the sinners did try to fight back, but their weapons wasn't affected by the angels and without Lilith to lead them, they feared for their possible last soulful life. The pacing of the show is very off, and for me this kind of plotline should have a much longer episodes, like 25 episode is doable or minimal at most if we want extra other scenes so that it doesn't feel so rushed. But i still love the show don't get me wrong, love the musicals, the animation, the plot twist. But due to is fast phase it is quite unpredictable.
Correct me if im wrong, Didn't Lilith dissappear around the same time that Alastor disappeared as well?
Them showing Carmilla with little action is good. We get to appreciate her later. Also since Adam's death was more comical and Sir Pentious getting redeemed, I'd say it's a happy ending.
Did you watch the show?
It was perfect
I think Alastor was in heaven with Lilith, and that Lilith owns his soul. In his last song he says how he needs to unclip his wings, which I think is him talking about being in heaven (kind of like being an angel and having wings) and then Lilith sends him back down to hell (clipping his wings)
I'm fairly certain Lilith is in Eden, not Heaven.
You thought Sir Pentious's death was a JOKE!?? It was a GUT PUNCH!! He constantly took an L & for a second you hoped he'd get his win but as soon as Adam noticed you knew it was over. But this time he couldn't just crawl out of the rubble like before 😭
Honestly I expect Adam knew what happened when a soul in heaven or hell died. He is one of the first human souls to die and did eat the apple after all.
I think Charlie is still more Powerful than Allastor on a technicality level, but since she’s a pacifist and doesn’t like violence, she doesn’t really know how to fight compared to Allastor who does and enjoys fighting and violence lmao
What if Pentious finds that he dislikes being in Heaven? Not that he isn't virtuous, but that he doesn't connect with people like he did at Hazbin. He reveals this to Em, who is already inspired to foster a means of getting people in Heaven to sympathize with what life is like in Hell  So, Em and Pentious create the Hazbin Hotel, but in Heaven. A place where the Virtuous can experience a big of what it is like for people in Hell, in a safe and controlled environment. This creates something of a Yin-Yang parallel, with Hell's Hazbin being the most heavenly place in Hell, and Heaven's Hazbin becoming the most Hellish Place in Heaven.
Pretty sure that deal Charlie made is going to keep her from stoping Alister from killing Lucifer.  Very “you won’t hurt anyone” but you can’t stop me vibes. And Charlie has untapped potential she only unlocked abit when pushing Adam away.
"You'll crush the serpent's head and he will bite your heal". I found it kinda poetic that the two major casualties were Adam and Sir Pentious.
Ok my theory goes like this after watching finally after souls can’t get destroyed, after getting killed with angelic weapons. Demons either are reborn or go to earth or are redeemed and go heaven.
I just realized that the only main characters that died were both played by Alex Brightman
I like the dichotomy of Emily and Sera at the end when Pentious got to heaven, the look on their faces of "Oh my GOD CHARLIE IS RIGHT!" was great
I had an odd idea that they lied about Lucifer being the one to pardon the hellborn and it's actually Lilith. My thought process was when Adam talks about Lilith it sounds like hes still in love with her so maybe the deal was if she divorced her husband and stayed in heaven with Adam he wouldn't kill Charlie Lucifer And the other species that formed naturally from hell. But hey that's just a theory.
Why would Adam make a deal with Lilith after what she did to him?
I would agree with the idea of Charlie, but its very clear even in her demon mode she is not attacking with killing intent, stands to treason she's not using her full power either because of that.
It was a bad decision to kill Adam off. He was the only reason the plot moved forward. Now the Hotel has proven that sinners can be redeemed so the story is over. The extermination won't happen anymore because sinners can be redeemed, and the Exterminators leader is dead.
I think Charlie is stronger than Alastor, because she chose mercy over vengeance with Adam.  Alastor was delighting in the slaughter with Adam, even battles with Sir Pentious were not over so quickly.  I think if Lucifer had not arrived, Charlie would have gone full demon.  If that ever happens than even Alastor would be saying, "yes, Ms. Morningstar."  I think Sir Pentious death was prefect in that build up and Adam just swats him away.  I loved Sera's face when Sir Pentious arived in heaven.  Her entire worldview was the Extermination was a necessary evil to protect Heaven and Earth from Hell becoming too powerful was shattered.  Think of all the sinners she condemned to death and suddenly find it was all so pointless.  Remmeber she said getting into Heaven was more than written in ink.   I wish Heaven's biggest problem was that there too many who deserved to there.  I think that Alastor will be big bad in the series one day.  I do think that people will want to make Hell better because they see it can be done and eventually they will be redeemed.  Though there people like Alastor who revel in their power and still commit evil.  The Vees are still out there and it will their schemes.  I had a feeling that Alastor wanted to work for redemption, but wanted to see if it was possible.  Being redeemed is a hard road to follow and Vox would love nothing to claim the Radio Demon's soul and all the other souls Alastor controls.
love that lucifer has a keyblade.
Lilith probably like adam she didn't eat the apple she already have free will.😮
I think there is definitely still a place for the goals to shift more into "Let's better hell overall" instead of full redemption tho.  what Sir Pentious's death really did was level the scales. Sera said that we were the ones being ignorant and she held all the cards, but now she is just as much in the dark as we were. Sir Pentious's redemption opens the door for more open negotiations between heaven and hell from now on, and now we can make BOTH heaven and hell better, maybe have a whole different system for the afterlife completely, imagine being able to willingly go from planes to planes, a whole new afterlife
Yeah Nifty putting the Finishing Blow to Adam was kinda predictable when Charlie gave her the Knife  and her whole "80% Harmless" but was Still SATISFYING!!
One things for sure, Season two is basically Charlie and her mother reconciling their relationship, since season one was about her reconciling with her father.
Lilith was probably bored and tired of the reality of hell and the fact that no matter how hard she tried, she would not turn hell into another heaven with all its luxuries and beauty. So, she made a "mutually beneficial" arrangement with Adam that allowed her to enter heaven. Before leaving, she broke up with Lucifer and forced Alastor to protect Charlie when she disappeared. It must be remembered that while Adam was narcissistic and pretentious, Lilith values her freedom and pleasure above all else, which is only confirmed in subsequent episodes
How is the first man adam this ugly
Wait rq if pentous went to heaven and got redeemed doesn’t that mean Adam went to hell
The best way that scene could have played out would be if the death ray reflected off the back of adams guitar as he was hiding behind it and redirected towards the blimp, exploding it. What actually happened was lame.
Well, the angels could have easily destroyed the whole pride ring in the past. So maybe Lilith was there to deafen it down in hopes of letting Hell's population grow in time for them to figure out a way to kill angels.
Well, we don't exactly know the who of the deal but we do know the what of it. It seems Alaster promised the person he made a deal with to help the hotel however he can. Also the two mentions of 7 year disapearances makes it highly suspect that Lilith is the one he's one the leash too. My theory is he could have been on the leash to Lilith ever since he first came to hell and his mysterious rise in power is due to her helping him in the backgound. Maybe making an attempt to depose overlords that were causing problems for Lilith and her family.
They could have drawn out his death. Could have been cool if the holy light burned away every layer of his demonic form
I think the problem with Charlie is not that she isn't powerful, but that she's just not used to it. Like all the other characters had millennia to hone their skills and master their powers but she's had 20, and she's always been adverse to violence and rage, of course, she's having trouble harnessing her true power when she's done nothing but hold herself back this whole time. She isn't a battle-hardened veteran she's a 20-year-old Disney princess. It wouldn't make sense for her to completely wipe the floor with Adam when she has no battle experience, no matter how big her power is. And she also was attacking out of rage which means her strikes weren't precise and yada yada martial arts shit
For now it seems that redeemed sinners have to DIE in hell to be transferred to Heaven in angelic form.  But only an angelic weapon can kill a sinner.  So no, it still doesn't work, if not as a suicide factory "hoping for the best".
Considering how Alistor is connected to voodoo I would make sense for him to be indented to a loa
Nope Carmila did not need to be there at all
Lucifer said this is the first time in 10,000 years something has changed, so I i bet that's when the exterminations started. No way they've only been going for 7 years
I'm surprised no one's mentioned the connection that Alastor has been gone 7 years, and Lucifer/Lilith broke up 7 years ago. Also on the topic of redeemed sinners staying down - they never implied that as soon as you're redeemed you go to heaven. It's just Sir Pentious died and got "reborn" in heaven. We still don't know what happens if they get redeemed and are still living in hell.
Here is my prediction: just like Sir Pen (RIP) died and went to heaven, i feel like adam went to hell. It would show just as much as an angel can fall a sinner can rise. Also i feel like lillith made deal with adam and allistor, adam to not target her daughter and allistor to guard her in any case.
Probably my favourite part about Adam without his mask is that he looks quite a lot like his voice actor, Alex Brightman. I guess the easiest way to design Adam was just to copy the face behind the voice.
No secondo me va bene l'idea di riabilitare le anime al paradiso, perché e cio che ogni anima dovrebbe aspirare dopo la morte, ovvero il paradiso😢 è li che tutte le anime dovrebbero stare
I kinda like how Lutes arm loss was hinted at so early on. The demon blood stain she always had was on her left shoulder. I know she manually ripped it off so I think it will grow back since it wasn’t angelic weapon that caused it, like how Vaggie eventually got her wings back.
I don’t think that Lilith somehow is related to the extermination. As Luci told Charlie “no one tried to change things in Hell for 10.000 years!”  But Lilith has been missing only for 7 years.  Still curious what was the deal between her, Adam and/or Lute 🤔
People are really unfair regarding Adam's appearance, he's hot.  And thanks for using his actual unhurt (mostly) appearance on the thumbnail, it's the best one, and simply his normal one considering it's without wounds screwing his look.
i had the exact same theory about adam and lilith
liith
I loved that the finale could be serious and still have its funny 😂 moments.
I think Lilith might have ended up in heaven by self-sacrificing herself to protect Charlie, and that the deal she had with Adam was that Charlie would be safe as long as Lilith told no one that sinners can in fact be redeemed.
I'm pretty sure the full belief that sir pentious thinking he was about to die die for the ones he loved got him poofed into heaven before Adam could touch him.
Seeing how Adam isn’t that smart, most likely the deal was give Adam the idea of extermination while she gets a permanent vacation. I feel like the new season is gonna start with an angelic messenger saying good job your first redeemed soul has been sent to heaven.
My guess is that God reincarnates everyone who dies in hell with a new try, but if you redeem yourself, youll be able to go to heaven finally
If sinners can get redeemed then angels can fall.
Most mysterious character really you sure it ain't god?   We only now that he might exist but he has to because of all the angles being created
Though it is weird that Lilith would be against charlie, considering Charlie mentioned how her mother had similar views to her. That sinners could be redeemed, makes me think she is playing the long game. Though considering Lucifer mentioned trying the same thing charlie did, failed, and lost everything. It is possible his everything was her, possibly took place 7 years ago. Same time as Alastor's retirement, and the last time Charlie talked to her mother.
What if the writers' long game with Sir Pentious is that his ascension to heaven proves sinner souls can be redeemed and that the boundaries between the two afterlives is much more vague than either side expected? Sir Pentious' journey could end with a heartwarming note where he decides his own destiny; heaven's golden cityscapes are immaculate but he found his family in hell and returns to the basement floor after filing a request with Sera (or after stealing an apple from a shop xD). it would make Charlie feel validated and still allow the crew to decide they want to make a little happy place in hell so nobody goes to heaven. maybe heaven is the friends we made along the way?
The extent of the extermination's timeline was actually explained by Lucifer in the song where the Hazbin Hotel is rebuilt. It is within the lyrcs of the song that Lucifer says that Charlie showed something that had not been seen in the past 10,000 years, suggesting that the exterminations have been going on for that long. I also think that another element of the show that is also hinted at which is a big reveal is that the Vees are planning on taking over all of Hell and that Carmine and Zestial were right to not believe in their attack plan. For not only was Zestial correct that one should never go to war without proper intelligence, as history has shown over and over again, but also Carmine's suspicions about the Vees (minus the element of her having killed an angel), was proven correct in that the attack plan might have been their attempt to empty Hell of many overlords and souls not aligned with them, giving them a stronger hand when the dust settled.
I dont think the deal was with adam, i think it was between Lilith and Lute, using the exterminations as a way to increase tensions untill adam is killed, so she could finally get revenge in the afterlife
Actually, we don't know that the Beach Lilith was on was in Heaven - It might have been on Earth. As for the rest, no clue. I just felt that assumption needed to be pointed out.
Honestly, the finale was pretty underwhelming. Kinda predictable and played it way too safe for me
I feel like she’s not in heaven she’s on earth you have to know the details
I think Lilith wanted Adam gone.  Lute tossed his halo at her feet like a hitman presenting the identifying portion of a victim.   IMO Lute played both sides of that beef and found a course to act on after the first angle was decapitated. She would gain power within the army of heaven, and no longer have to put up with the epitome of toxic male. Can't say I blame her, there is turning the other cheek, then there is putting up with a man like Adam... Woof.
We a prequel what happen seven year
I theorize that Lute WILL be defeated in a future season, and the person to take her place? Sir Pentious xD
Judging by Liliths glare, she looks like she’s more mad at being told to stop her daughter
I have a theory...I think that lute is Eve's daughter. That's why she is so dogmatic in her beliefs as the only parent she has (or now had) was Adam. It's just a thought, but I honestly think it might be the case as making a deal with Lilith is like a pseudo-mother. I do think that she made that deal as she is resentful of her mother Eve disappearing.   It's an inversion of Charlie.
One key agreement in the actual Lore of Lilth is that the angels are allowed to kill of her children, and in exchange she vowed to kill a mortal child for every demon slain...  Maybe an interpretation of that
I think will be pissed but its sounds like the deal with lillith ... lute is probably ok with being spared now that she will run the exorcist
Sir Pentious going to heaven proves the hotel works, sure.  But it also proves that heaven's rigidity and callousness with sinners is unjustified.    Every one of those souls they destroyed could have been redeemed,  could have become one of the souls they're charged with protecting.  Now Sara's bullshit is looking mighty foolish.
I predicted from the beginning that Lilith was somehow in Heaven...but I thought she was a prisoner
So hear me out. What if Lilith was just using heaven as a plot to destroy them from within? What if adam didnt make the deal, but lute did so she could be in command? So what im saying is. Lilith made a deal with lute to have adam killed, for her revenge. Lilith knew charlie starting a hotel n would have to talk to heaven, so lilith is using charlies plan to get revenge on adam n possibly the other angels
I am gonna say it i do not think Lilith owns Alastor's soul it would go too far against her morals for that to make sense to me even if she is already in heaven, personally i think a certain character that Vizie mentioned a while back named Roo might be the one considering what type of character she is ( a crazed power hungry being who eats practically anything)
Did anyone catch when Zestial Morde told Alastor he was missing due to angelic reasons? Then the ending shows Lilith in heaven….?
Justice for adam
1 thing and creators mentioned some time before series came out when sinners are killed by angelic weapons which is their final death, they evil expunged from souls travels into inanimated objects or buildings, which why some anthromorphic objects in series.      Rest of their being is transported, to some kinda void like limbo where guess they formless and unconsicous, and stuck there, unless do like sir pentious and die a rightous death, or sacrificial one it seems be only way you escape the place once you go.  I guess it's same for exorcists, still half explain all that going forward how all that works, ps, think lilith who story been fabricated at least by her to charlie,it wouldn't suprise me if she was really eve as well since some biblical texts they are same person anyways.
What happened to the eggies😭😭😭
Personally I would have our Napoleon snake fire his death beam only to have it over powered by Adam instead of just killed before firing but that's just me
It might be more transparent than we think. Like Lucifer, she might've just lost hope in people and decided to distance herself. The only reason she's back in action now is because Lute threatened her little resort life and whatever arrangements she seems to have made because of Adam.
Even if Charlie has more power doesn’t mean she knows how to use it in a fight. She needs to learn some combat! Experience is important.
regardless, i'm excited for season 2 to come out in 5 years
Sir Pentious's death mostly works for me. He stood almost zero chance, but he tried anyway, because sometimes victory or survival aren't the point of fighting.   I still think this season desperately needed more airtime to develop, but it was a helluva fun ride.
Lilith was in Eden probably
Did razzle and dazzle die?
So wait, is carmila technically responsible for striker getting his angelic weapons he used on stolas?, cause being able to stop a extermination must be a massive feat & the amount of angelic weapons used would make such knowledge impossible to not know, especially when the leader of the exorcists was killed.
Shut the fuck up the this “oH the contrast” bull shit, all that happened was Adam fucking destroyed sin Pentious thus forming into Angel Pentious
In my opinion Lucifer is gonna have to confront his wife when he finds out shes been in heaven this whole time and i want to see more serious Lucifer and Charlie less goofy on Lucifers end
Lilith "owning" Alastor is not really a good theory, just because both of them disappeared for 7 years. There is a theory that Alastor has a deal with "vodoo gods" since he uses different kinds of vodoo powers
They killed both of the Beetlejuice voice characters
I don't think the deal was with Adam but with lute.
8:29 honestly I think this too.
so am i the only one thinking that alastor was not up to the part in the fight...?? coz i thought he was the big d not adam and what's the deal with vox getting hard on seeing alastor fight
When I first saw the scene, I had a  panic attack. I just had to kill Lilith in Diablo 4 cause the Devs wouldn’t give us the option of joining her.
It’s fun but I ain’t waiting 2 years for season 2
I wouldn't be surprised if we get some confirmation about Eve. We know Adam was yhe first soul in heaven and we know the apple, that lucifer gave Eve, brought evil to earth. Paired with the somewhat menacing grin of her holding the apple, it is pretty difficult to say where she is currently, we know Adam went to heaven but Lilith was sent to hell with Lucifer, but nothing states where Eve went. Which can set up a really interesting villain later on, the catalyst for all evil.  I just find it strange that she is mentioned once, in the beginning introduction and never again.
Maybe Lilith doesn’t like the sinners. If Charlie is her only daughter and the sinners are the descendants of Adam and Eve I’d imagine Lilith could care less about them. I could see Alistor being contracted to Eve or Lillith like you said. I could see Lilith not caring about Hell and Eve being the same. If Eve is in Hell, I could see her not caring for Hell, and trying to get back at Heaven for wronging her.
ah yes, my favorite character, Liith.
I assumed Lute was the one that made a mutual deal with Lilith to demote or get rid of Adam to take his position and kept Lilith hidden in heaven for years as part of the deal.
I disagree about carmilla carmine take -> a lot of people bring up the fact that her character is not fully fleshed out and she should've been icluded in a final fight scene. However acknolodging her character development so far and current episode structure of the 1st season, I think that by doing this writers would have done more herm than good. Think about it: From character motivation standpoint - she herself pointed out that she is not willing to ingage in fight unless it is absolutly necessary (protecting people she cares about like her daughters and zestial - is the most important thing for her), knowing that exterminators have never destroyed the entirety of pride ring, knowing that lucifers daughter is the one that engages in a fight against angels, knowing that the Hazbin crue knows and can now defened itself, there was no reason for her to engage in slaughter factory, that puts her and her daughters at risk. Now from wrighting standpoint - she from the get go didnt play that big of a role in the main gole and conflict of the first season. Which are: can a sinner be redeemed? and how can Charlie stop the extermination. She didnt partake part in a redemption, nor did she ever consider it, so that leaves us with the fight against the angels - her main role as a weapon dealer was to provide the main cast with weapons wich she did - her main role in the first season is identical to Rosies, they both set themselfs up for the future season and provided solutions to tough problems in the current season. Also another note there were 8 episodes with 20 minute lengh (in a comedy musical might I remind you) shoving more wouldve overbloated the script and introduce more pasing problems
He sacrificed himself for EVERYONE!!!! 😭😭
Here is how you fixed Sir Pentious dead:  Let him fire his dead ray, actually show Adam hurt, like with Charlie's spear attack, turn angry at the blimp, show Sir Pentious proudly closing his eyes admiting defeat, and then you show Adam nuking the blimp with a more serious and annoyed expression.  They treat his dead like a joke and I'm not okay with that honestly.  Also, what the fuck were Vox and Valentino singing about? "Overlords hanging by a thread" Excuse me? Rosie was chillin, Carmille was chilling, no other part of hell was attacked by the exterminators, everything was exactly the same in hell, the only overlord "hanging by a thread" was Alastor since he was struck by an angelic weapon, yet he returned at the finale... So what the hell?
6:55 I honestly like that Pantious made it to heaven, because it suddenly explains in a very interesting and fun way Sera's perspective: no one knows how to get to heaven not because it is a well kept secret, but because _no one knows how to get to heaven. Not even her nor the angels._ The fact that it just happens and that is why Sera refuses to intervene characterizes her in a much more interesting way. She's not simply a liar keeping a broken system in check, but was actually entirely honest during the trial about her perspective. It does seem to me right now that "double-dying" in the hella-verse can lead you either to heaven or to a fate we do not know yet (could be just quite literally dying or just refreshing their judgment). But either way, it begs a lot of interesting questions. Will the hotel need to execute redeemed sinners? Is there some "double-hell" some go to (as Angel Dust jokes about in the pilot)? It's really interesting and opens up things for the show to explore in later seasons. And I wonder what they'll do with it. Also, Lucifer being stronger then Charlie does actually make a lot of sense. Charlie isn't physically weak. She's just not used to fighting. You can see that the moment she stops saying "sorry" to all the angels she parries, she causes a huge spark. But she's just so used to solving things the friendly way that she can't hold on her own in a fight, and only kicks ass when she's helped by her father.
Yeah, totally makes sense that Carmilla would be there because her entire thing hasn't been about keeping her family and herself out of the fight, sparking the entire interaction between her and Vaggie. Nope that hasn't been made clear since her first appearance or anything.  Its almost like most YouTubers actually don't have even the slightest bit of dignity and just want to push out videos, and dumbasses care more about editing than accuracy.
Here's my theory on Sir Pentious getting redeemed:  Sir Pentious redeemed himself by:  - not betraying his friends (as symbolism to him being a venomous snake to reflect the sin he did, maybe) - having some forms of genuine kindness and concern for his friends  - wholeheartedly sacrificed himself for the sake of his friends.   Likely before he died,  he had maybe betrayed multiple people. His egg minions on the other hand either are his goons before going to hell and the reason why they're with him is to represent their dumb yet wholehearted obedience to him.  Or maybe they just manifested with Sir Pentious as to represent him not trusting anyone but himself or people lower minded than him that's easy to control.   A dumb theory
Killing off Adam was actually the stupidest choice they could’ve made ☠️ could’ve killed off Lute but nooo
I'm considering the Eldritch family, green color and tentacles as evidence, of owning Alastor now myself.
Charlie is still much stronger then alastor ( alastor got one tapped lol) like, have you seen that punch
yeah, Pentious' death confused me, for one it was way too quick. like we didn't even see Him when he died, we only saw the ship. i wish it was made more clear and personal, like just a quick shot inside the ship as Pentious sees his impending doom or whatever. like, i was genuinely more upset seeing charlie's goat dragon being killed
I loved how Sir Pentious died, it was poetic.  His entire bit was coming in hot and ready, only to hilariously flop the plot.   The build up to him taking his airship out, only to be blipped out of existence in an instant was perfect.
SIR PEN WAS THE REAL ONE!
Really hope to se Adam again, that his last look on Lute make me feel a bit sad for him, if Sir Pentious got into heaven then maybe he will retrun in demon form? Lute is still around and will seek revenge so seeing Adam in demon form could be a nice plot twist.
Maybe she made a deal with Adam if she stayed in heaven she would birth his daughters or something like that while her having a chance to try and gather information about how to take the heaven down. And her deal with Alistor would be to do as she says when she says. In exchange for help to regain his power and to recover wounds.
02:00 but does he beat Goku though?
Did Adam LOOKED HAPPY to have died?
Personally I don't think it was the fact that he was killed by Angelic light, but rather the fact that he willingly sacrificed himself, committing *the* most selfless act possible, that got Sir Pentious into heaven. I'm under the impression that because he gave his life just for the chance that they might pull through, that was enough to redeem his soul.
Spoilers for next seasons- Extermination begins 7 years ago, because Lilith was first sinner who go back to heaven after hell. And then Sera see this sheet and she want to kill sinners before they reborn in heaven
The moment they told Nifty to just stab an angel when she sees one, I knew she’d be the one right away lmao
i think theres a chance Alastor deal is not related to Lilith because the theory was that he was sent to help charlie or somethinf. but with his song is clear that he doesnt care about "heroic sacrifice for friends", he just wants power and break his deal, so probably he will use charlie favor for that. Lilith was just chilling there and probably her deal was assylum with Adam
Honestly, I think Adam just wanted the first woman who left him. Lillith came to Adam desperate to get out of hell, Adam being a simp does it of course but with some strings attached. What’s those strings are? Idk.
I mean, did Sir Pentious sell his soul? Maybe sinners need to own their soul to make it to heaven.
I don't know. I'm not sure how Lilith will fall into place with the lore but part of me is thinking that the reason she is in heaven and the deal with Adam was less to save herself and more to protect hell and by extension Charlie. After all, we clearly see Heaven is worried about hell as a whole, as stated in the first episode, hell just sort of... appeared. It wasn't something they made and with the angels being so focused on order and control it scares the shit out of them. As such maybe heaven was planning on doing something worse than exterminations, Adam maybe contacting Lilith and threatening her with this knowledge and wanting to tear her away from her family, her people, gave her a deal. Be stuck in heaven and allow the exterminations to continue so Adam can continue to have fun killing sinners, or she and the rest of hell will be wiped off the map by heaven. Lilith, wanting to protect her husband and daughter agreed.
I like the show it’s OK. Some of the episodes aren’t the best but I really wish we went back to 12 episodes per season it feel super rushed.
I can see season 2 being a bit of a tension with Emily and Sera having proof with Sir Pentious being "redeemed" in Heaven but Charlie no longer being interested in letting her people join Heaven after the events of Season 1.
You can assume their is no soul trading in heaven, so adam is this powerful for his own merit
Loved that Adam smiles when he saw Lute before he dies... It like hes happy theres someone  beside him before he dies... Both of his wives left him but theres someone beside him one last time.
Lilith i’m assuming just made a deal to go to heaven, and i’m assuming Alastor probably went there too for at least some time, only to be sent back down to take care of Charlie, while Alastor is thinking about what he can do to escape the deal he made with Lilith so he can continue terrorizing hell and as he said pull the strings.
Weird wild thought what if alastor was redeemed at one point and before he left for seven years but didn't like the rules of heaven so he made a deal for Liliths power for his soul. Then she sent him down to keep Charlie safe and keep lucifer and her from getting close. I feel like the favor he uses with Charlie will be her sending lucifer away or something. Like i said wild thought 😅😅😅 can't wait for season 2 ❤
7:06 Pentious beeing in heaven doesn't necesarely mean the heaven and hell system stays as it is, on the contrary, I think him beeing there will be used to show that heaven isn't as great and he will return to hell to be with Cherri and his Egg boiz
You see ladies and gentlemen? Lilith spent 50k to kill Adam instead of making a beatbox battle with him.
When it came to Alastor he definitely got too cocky.   I feel the only reason he truly got hurt was because he let his guard down. He was dodging Adam's attacks beautifully until he focused his attention on his broken radio staff. In which he should of thought was possible.
Im still crying over Dazzle...
Lute WILL die before the series end. I'm just not sure if she is the S2 big bad, or the Final Boss. Depends on if Sera turns out to be the Big Bad OR if Lilith is. Still not sure if Lilith will be a villain that's under Boss Lute or if Lilith is final boss.  My money is on Lute playing a bigger role than Adam did. The clues are there. I missed it before but there are clues in ep6, when we see Lute & Adam in Heaven. Take note this is 5 months after the Extermination that happened at Pilot/series begining. BUT Lute has bloodstains on her.  Lute is always seen with blood splatter on her. She also is the one to survive and take charge.  She is being set up to be a major boss villian.
Where is her horns?
What could be a non-antagonist arc for lilith is that she maybe struck a deal to protect her family. We learn that she was the reason the extermination started in the first place and the way I understood it was that this happened early before Charlie was born or when she was still young. Maybe lilith felt guilty about the extermination too because she was the one inspiring demons. That would mean that she had an interest in Charlie not being fierce like her, or a dreamer like lucifer, because maybe at one point Adam threatened lilith with her daughters life. That one day Charlie was without protection and could be killed. Maybe lute lied about the "pardon" lucifer struck with the exterminators. I could see Lucifer as someone who is so sure (or maybe was back then) that his strength and power could protect his family from harm. That's why he created razzle and dazzle. Therefore if he was so sure of that he wouldn't need a deal for protection. But Lilith maybe wasn't ready to take that risk and that is why she and lucifer separated. She took Charlie and made a promise to heaven not to stir trouble anymore with her singing. But when Charlie got older and felt herself inspired by her mom there maybe could have been another thread to target Charlie in particular (she is half angel after all and could likely be a bigger thread then lilith herself). She came up with the hotel Idea and that's when her mom struck the deal with Adam to leave hell for good so that her daughter wouldn't follow in lilliths footsteps. All to protect her daughter. She basically finally "bowed" to Adam, something that she refused to do from the beginning and what I suspect would be very hard for her, but a big ego boost for Adam. He would "allow her to come back to him" in exchange for her daughters safety, under the condition that Charlie didnt cause any fuzz. Now that Adam is dead the deal is off the table and lillith needs to take care of the mess. She will likely be royalty p*issed with lucifer in the next season, and try to discourage him and Charlie. So I think she will be the main antagonist for season two, but In the end Charlie will change her mind and convince lillith to mobilize all of hell (maybe via Alastors podcast). I suspect the main villain for season 3 will be Cera and/or an invisible force of evil (attached to eve like seen in the intro).  I hope this made sense lol
I think the deal is she gets to stay in heaven
Also why is nobody questioning that Alastor said “Once I find out how to unclip my wings guess who will be pulling all the strings.”
Lucifer does mention this has been going for for 10 thousand years in his lyrics. Im thinking she struck a deal for the hellborn, and before then they senselessly slaughtered everyone in the pride ring. That or shes written as a true villian and made the deal to protect herself, probably offering to take charlie who chose to stay in hell.
9:10 and 9:27 i was kinda thinking of a similar theory too.
I think Lute was the one who made the deal with Lilith. Adam was too arrogant and self-obsessed to die for a deal
No one:    Lucifer: "Bow-chicka-wow-wow"
I don't have to explain my reaction, Vox did it for me (maybe exept for I didn't hate on Al lol)
So I don't think the hiatus will be that long, as Amazon will probably step in to lend a hand for the second season.
IF alastor does manage to break free from his binding he could legit rival hell itself
nifty killing him was actually pretty good tbh its for the best haha rather than letting them go back and then it being back to square one
I think that to go to heaven you need also to lose your sinner body or die so your soul is free to ascend
You know what'd be the funniest way to do Lilith? Go full Rian Johnson on her. Say "Your Lilith Theory Sucks" and just make her a stone-cold bitch who was willing to abandon her realm and daughter purely to get some sunbathing time in. They'll never do it, of course. But it would be funny.
i just hope thare is a season 2
But the whole thing with Carmilla was that she did not want to fight and only killed an angel to save her family
I want to know how Nifty managed to finish off Adam, I really doubt she did it out of love (at least Carmilla said welding angelic weapons is not enough to actually harm them), especially if you take into account that Adam at that moment wasn't a threat anymore. Or that scene implies that Adam didn't die because he smiles when Lute looks at him and Nifty didn't do any damage to him because she stabbed him just because she's a maniac and Adam  just played along
I actually liked the season 1's ending. ❤️💖✨🌙💙🤍⭐
Yeah Adam needs an analysis of how strong he is cause people think Alastor is comparable even though Adam didn’t use any of his angel magic like he used against Charlie or the big one against Lucifer which split the hotel and the hill beneath them
Adam’s face shown Me: yeah I prefer Lucifer…
Emily and Serpentious may be working together to change Heaven's system too. They may be exploring Heaven's politics and understanding of how or why some souls go to heaven and most go to Hell.
There might be a chance that Lilith might be playing the Dagmar card from Disenchantment.
Adam was the only reason I even watched this show and now he's gone
I’m gonna take a wild guess and say Lilith is actually an anti villain in a way. Lute explains that the deal with Adam was done because he was dead. Lucifer and Lilith separated before her disappearance. Alastor was also missing for seven years and only showed up after Charlie called her mom.   So in theory, Lilith remarried Adam to keep her family “immune” to the exterminations. This is a double whammy if she owns Alastors soul, keeping a large distance between them would ensure no chance of him getting it back and keeping him at bay. But since marriage is “till death do you part” this means Lilith can remain in heaven since she’s Adam’s widow, but now has to stop her daughter in order to maintain her family’s immunity and to keep Alastor  tied down.
i kinda hate lilith's design like compared to the other characters like alastor, vocx and lucifer that have sm personality in their design, lilith who's voice is the lifeblood of hell is just....heidi klum (?) ngl disappointing.
I do wish Sir Pentious' death beam was fired and Adam countered it with his holy light, a bit of a beam struggle with Adam quickly overtaken and wiping the ship out instead of what we got. Give him a bit of respect for his sacrifice and show what his gadgets was capable of one final time.
Jesus was the second adam maybe adam died to allow sinners to get into heaven? Maybe that was the plan?
My take is because Lilith thrived in hell she was the buggest risk to heaven. She was close to overthrowing heaven because she was inciting all of the sinners with her songs. Heaven got worried, and she made a deal with Adam for the extermination/culling as well as being a hostage so all of hell wouldn't be destroyed.   I also think Adams plan to kill everyone was never shared with lilith.  The whole beach thing seems more like a possible gilded prison than a vacation. She loved hell supposedly.
Can adam beat the prince's like mammon or asmodeus?
Im glad im not the only one that thought Sir Pentious shoudl have at leats done SOMETHING to adam
I really woudlve lived for Carmilla, Alastor, and Rosie to have teamed up against adam... Wouldve been a sick fight... I hope they do a teamup next season
Ok did anyone else notice Adam is a hypocrite? He leads the exterminators but by doing that the exterminators are breaking a commandment, thou shall not kill
Just a point out, you wrote Liith and not Lilith 😅
Wait.. adam looks like that 👀👀👀👀
Adam looks much more complex than "the idiot antagonist macho way", I mean, 1º the "background story" that we know is only from the perspective of lilith and can be a lie, 2º even Adam being a Jerk Lute and the others exorcists looks like respect him as a good leader/warrior, and how Lute react with his "death" its clear that or they were big friends or a couple, so its clear that Adam is much more, and Behind that facade of an idiot who talks nonsense there is someone much more serious, probably partly a victim of circumstances and who plays a much bigger role in all this than it might seem. Now that Lilith looks like a "the bad guy" in this, maybe she was manipulating Adam or something like that. And what about Eva?. Dont knoe I only know that Adam was a great character and I love Lute.
i think the only reason adam killed almost killed alastor is because he said that radio was dead and his staff broke which could tie into his powers
The way they ended Adam was utter trash. Strong disagree on his death being handled good at all, let alone better than pentius.
I love seeing people say “that’s Adam? He’s just some guy” as if that’s totally not the point. He’s the FIRST ‘some guy’. He really isn’t anything special outside of just being the first.   Not throwing hate to anyone who says that, I totally get expecting more from his actual design, I just personally love that he looks so bland and unoriginal. Because he is exactly that as a person.
I believe that she has lost the will to fight for Hell but still wants to protect her daughter so she contracted the strongest overload next to Zestial which is Alastor to protect Charlie and her dream as a weird "I'm sorry".
Maybe it's a story of picking out the weak sinners and what comes out of it a bigger stronger army she would want out of it.   I think Allstars deal could be he can't start a army or war that is why he got Charlie to do it.
The last episode made more hyped for season 2 than the 2019 pilot did for the 1st season.
Charlie is obviously more powerful than Alastor, the difference is she isn't used to using it or practicing with it. You could see toward the end of the fight with Adam she was able to rustle up some intense strength that effortlessly overpowered Adam. It only happened in that one moment, but Charlie is not a fighter and not used to fighting. She spent half of this fight with a shield just blocking attacks and not retaliating at all.  Lucifer seems to be much the same way, he only punched Adam ONCE at the very start, to get him away from Charlie, the rest of the fight he just avoided him and didn't fight back at all until the very end when he hit the ground and Lucifer started beating the hell out of him. He was critical of Alastor and other demons as being mindless killers, so maybe he feels like violence is beneath him and only really uses it when has absolutely has to.  Charlie is straight up half Lucifier, presumably the most powerful or nearly the most powerful angel, and half Lilith, presumably the most powerful demon. In a lot of stories, nephilim are way more powerful than both of their respective halves combined, and she isn't just some random one, she's the one made out of the top tier power houses.  Charlie also has wings, though she strangely doesn't use them. I'm guessing they are angelic wings, like Lucifer, and perhaps she doesn't use them because of an aversion to angels (given the extermination) or the aversion to her father. But now that she has basically worked out her daddy issues and her girlfriend is an angel with wings, i'm going to guess Charlie will start using her angelic wings in season 2.
I think at times Addam was the Hero the show needed.  As with a lot of moddern shows after a while you feel more invested in the villians then the over plot armoured main cast. And that the villians have more skin in the game.
in the title: liiths true plan. THATS BOTHERING ME SO MUCH
3:38 in charlies defence she has never fought anyone before and Alastor has more exeprience then her, he has killed many people before and not to mention that Alastor was mainly dodgeing Adams attacks and wen charlie tryed to protect her father she was able to stop Adam with only one hand, i think charlie is still holding back
This episode proved that Nifty solos the hellaverse, since not even lucifer himself could kill Adam when Nifty could.
Seeing adam's face was like being excited for a movie adaptation of your favorite series and finding out the main character is voiced by Chris Pratt
vaggie in spandex tho
The shows good but the pacing feels a lil rushed
I think they killed Adam to early and I would think that Sera would've saved him, since she probably helped in creating him. Adam does have a point, he was the first human to bring all of humanity to the world and it's not like he is responsible for the sinners being in hell in the first place. While he is an arrogant jerk he did seem to care for Lote and he was probably told by the angels that he was special and flawless, giving him that huge ego boost. Would've been more interesting to see his side of the story, what happened in Eden to have made him so blood thirsty. All we know is that Lucifer took his first wife than corrupted his second wife with the forbidden fruit. I would've liked to know if at one point he was a decent guy, who was just a bit arrogant then becoming bitter and more selfish over what happened with Lucifer.
I had a small idea on the redemption thing. Since when sinners are killed by non-angelic weapons they just respond, it's possible that if they become good and die that's how they go to heaven
I think the quick, non-epic, unequal death of Pentious was needed. The absolute contrast was just what needed to make Charlie snap, and the thought of finally starting to see PERMANENT loss of all that she worked for did it just right.  And it wasn't in vain, it turned things in their favour, as Adam and Lute were the only foes that were actually relevant to take down.
I agree with Vgmarkis on how they shouldn't have made Sir Pentious's death a joke. There's a time for jokes and a fan favorite character's death such be one of them. They should have done exactly what Vgmarkis said on his death, playing some sad music and making his death more epic and depressing. But I do like him going to heaven as of anyone he should have gone their first for how sweet, kind and precious he is.   Again they really were idiots for making sir pentious's death a joke, LIKE SERIOUSLY he's my favorite character and he's a fan favorite so making his death end in such a way was IDIOTIC, they clearly need to learn when is a proper time to make a joke when to take something seriously. Anyway's the episode was meh for me, sir pentious is one of my favorite character's and I think most of you guy's can agree that he's great
Nooo Adam noooo😢
yes im only 57 minutes late❤
i know everyone thinks lilith made a deal with alistor but how about eve, lucifer did metion her at the end
I honestly CAN NOT WAIT for the next season 🤩🤩
I think a better death for Sir Pentious would have been if the death ray hit adam and (since we've never seen it fire) watch as it seems to completle Atomize him, only for Adam to reform from nothing a moment later, and sneer "I'm going to guess thats not one of ours." Then comidicaly kill Sir Pentious, with a "My turn" sort of finger gun blast
The extermination day being cancelled could mean that this *specific* day was canceled and next year Lute will come back
I swear to God...if she was on vacation her character is just a bad joke
Honestly I think it makes sense Carmella kept away from the active fight. Only reason she killed an angel in the first place was it was actively going after her family. She’s probably at home readying herself in case one of those fucks steps up to the kiddos again
Mimzy killing Adam was better than how the night king died.
I dont think we have seen Charlies full strength in this battle save the  moment when she blocked Adams attack against her father. The type of energy she used in that moment seemed, to me at least, different and more potent than what she used the rest of the battle.  It seems like Lucifers absence rom exterminations has something to do with the "Pardon" the Hellborn sinners enjoy regarding the exterminations. A "You stay away from the battle field and we wont attack the group of Demons your daughter belongs to" kind of deal. A deal that was broken when Adam was about to kill Charlie.
It would be an interesting idea to see Adam as a demon in hell and actually somehow getting redeemed.
tbf, it was charlie's first fight vs a guy that has benn literally fighting since time immemorial, and she held her own
One idea I had...what if Lilliths deal with Adam to protect her child? Because correct me if I'm wrong, wasn't Lucifer and Charlie the ONLY ones that the exterminators not allowed to kill? After all, they are the rulers of hell. What if Lillith made a deal with Adam thar she will stay under the watchful eye of heaven, as long as her daughter is protected from the extermination.   With Adam's declaration of war and his death, the deal is now off
surprised that adam looks like a regular dude but honestly i wish for more of his character because surprisingly he was one of the most enjoyable angelic characters in the show  Edit: the way adam smiled when lute came to him sends chills down my spine fr fr
Maybe if Sir Pen is going to heaven, the next season will start with Adam being reborn as sinner? xD And then he would have to deal with being a low ass sinner, with everyone hating on him as former leader of the angelic army, having to sort of redeem himself and show that he can be of value/ learn modesty, I think that would be funny
Did anyone else notice how when Lute's mask gets knocked off the eye glitches like Vox when hes pissed at Alastor? also Adam's eyes glitch at one point to. Im not sure if that means there is a connection between Vox and Lillith or Vox and heaven but its very interesting.
I think the Lilith's deal with Adam was that she serve as his wife again, and her daughter (and Charlie's hotel etc.) would be safe from exterminations (I might be wrong and that Lucifer got this prerogative)
👍👍👍
I wanna know what is going to happen to Alastor, does his powers rely on his staff/mic, how will he come back(as an overlord or continue to help his friends rather than being an overlord or both) It seems like he wants more power now so possibly a villain story? There are just so many missing parts/plot holes, i cant wait for season 2
Adam is going to return in season 2 because 1. His character arc doesn’t seem over 2. He could reincarnate/regenerate in hell like sir pensige got redeemed to heaven and we can see how Adam reacts in hell3. We still didn’t see how Adam, Lilith, and Eve will interact with each other 4. Maybe Adam will go to the hazbin hotel to try to get back to heaven and we can see how he interacts with the main cast 5. Maybe Adam and Alastor make a deal This is just a theory, a film theory
You're talking mad shit about Sir Pentious.
I am upset that they made Sir Pentious's death so comedic. I wish they did something like when he fires the death ray Adam counters with the holy light and the beams meet in the middle but then the holy light starts pushing the deathray's beam back and *then* explodes Sir Pentious's ship. Or the ray stops after a minute or two, bc it doesn't last long or something, and the holy light destroys the ship like normal
I still believe charlie was holding back in her fight against adam and even if she wasn’t she doesn’t not have any experience or combat skills of any kind
Nifty taking adam out truly did not see that happening put it was set up perfectly 😂
These demons and even the overlords are or were human. Because my theory is that hazbin hotel's "Hell" is literally Earth tainted by original sin.   Heaven is a hollow kingdom and an empty throne room. The angels were blinded by their own righteousness.   This is the result of God's absence.
Not sure I had Handsome Jack moment With Adam
They did sir pentious bad,Bro did not even get a fight scene just straight up vanished
Part of me feels like Adam will eventually come back, we see when lute pulls herself out it shows her with demon horns and we saw she's in charge since adam is dead. Could Adam come back as a demon or come back in heaven seeing lute in charge
Ye I did not like that adam blast them blimp in a milisecond, they could at least "cross beams" and then Adam overpower the death ray, but it feeled like it was hasten on purpose.
I was mad at first with Adam’s lame death granted like he said himself  “Fair is fair, an eye for an eye” If our boi sir pentious gets a lame death then so should he
Things I'm kinda feel conflicted about is:  1) Vs appearance. Despite them literally taking only Ls this episode (seriously, Al stayed alive and Charlie with Lucifer grew a backbone and got validated in their worldviews, and Camilla and Rosie probably got good rep from all of this, everyone good is alive and got Ws, so idk what they celebrating)and not even Al is gone, why are they celebrating? Why we got so much of them in last episode? I really hope they remain minor villains since if S2 is as short as S1, they will just steal away development time that everyone else deserves and need. 2) Songs were kinda mid in last episodes, especially trailer song that sounded so good in trailer but is kinda bad in actual episode 7. 3) Sir Pentious death and reformation didn't feel as impactful due to so few episodes developing him
We can always discovery that the alistor deal is with papa lucifer
I mean, Adam did fight demons yearly for almost 10.000 years. It's not like Charlie is less powerful, she has more potential than him but lacks experience.
personally, only in the last episode the quick overall pacing of the show really got to me. Aside from that, i really enjoyed those last two episodes, especially with the reprises of more than anything and happy day in hell!  ALSO, rosie is more sympathetic than i ever imagined, i was so happy with the screentime she got!!
I don't think Charlie was ever meant to be stronger than Alastor in turms of power (at least in the pilot and the majority of season 1). The hotel crew even wanting Alstor to be the one to handle Adam seems to go against this as its not like Charlie was actively co-ordinating the battle on the ground so if she was stronger than Alastor there would be no reason for him to fight Adam instead of her.  She did seem to unlock a kind of "Demonic arm form thingy" when she stoped Adams punch (Which was the same attack that destroyed Alastors forcefield btw). So if someone really wants Charlie to be stronger than Alastor this power that she unlocked here seems to be the best angle to approach it from.  But Alastor didn't use the full demon form that he did in episode 2 (which i don't think he has ever used since cause the other forms he takes seem more like shapeshifting than his demon transformation) so i still think he is stronger than Charlie even with her new power. +He has more abilities and batter fighting skill from what we've seen.
“I don’t care who they sending from the IRS, I’m not paying my taxes!” —Adam (maybe)
Really interested about Lilith's situation. With the way Charlie described her, she definitely didn't seem like the person to just up and switch sides without a good reason. Only one I can think of is that she lost faith in Hell.
I think Charlie was still holding back during the figh with Adam. Towards the end, she briefly let out her full power and literally stopped Adam in his tracks with one hand.
DID LUCIFIER BANG EVE AS WELL OR SOMETHING CAUSE I HEARD LUCIFIER  SAY YOUR SECONDE WIFE  SO DID LUCFIER BANG EVE????
1:12 My favorite sir pentious just dressed like a soldier from way back when- NOOOO SIR PENTIOUS NOOOOO 😭 He’s one of my favorites… We will never forget you…
I hope you do a how strong is adam video!
42 min ago
They should have probably let Sir. Pentious hurt Adam before getting finished off, then his sacrifice would have felt like it played more into the success rather than a needless sacrifice.  I mean, I guess it did inspire Charlie to power up and Charlie fighting brought Lucifier into the brawl.  Adam mostly killed Adam in the end, because he let his arrogance lower his guard enough to get him stabed a few dozen times by Nifty.
I feel Sir Pentious's death actually works. Alastor couldn’t handle Adam, how could Sir Pentious? Further more it adds to the scene being heartwrenching, because he never stood and a chance and he dissapeared just like that, i almost didn’t understand at first that he was truly dead. His sacrifice felt almost like it was for nothing and that was painful to know about, because how dare it be that way? But it is that way, irl its always been that way. And this show deals with a lot of existential questions. It doesn't take away from the scene, it is just different in the way it is experienced.  Talking from experiences, since my dad has died of a heart attack on the streets right next to me. I was usured to the side, unknowing of what happened. A first aid responder came up to me, and i was told she probably needed to ask questions about my dad's stuff and history, only for the first thing out of her mouth to have been "He's dead."  No explanation, not gloves, no epic fight against death from his side, he just fuxking died on the sidewalk while walking with me. I had just seen him talking and well a couple of minutes ago!... so i dont hate that this is what happened with sir Pentious. It feels more real and present than if the scene had followed the code for a character's typical death.
i am so glad that one of the egg bois survived
Ninfty proved me why she's my favorite character
Then why did Lilith and Lucifer split if they were of the same mindset? Sinners and hell is not worth their time. Everyone was theorizing that Lilith left cause Lucifer had given up and she hadn't.
I'm still pretty comfortable saying Charlie is stronger than Alastor. Remember, she was able to outright stop an attack from Adam. I think what it was is that Charlie is SO nice that even in her full demon state she was holding back.
Personally, i think Lillith is back in Eden.   The deal couldve been between her and Lute without Adam even knowing about Lilith for the sake of protecting her secret. He literally can't keep his mouth shut. You cant tell me he wouldnt have used a "that's why your momma abandoned all you lost cause freaks to chill with US!" At charlie during the court case. No, Vaggie being an angel was his Ace.  Lilith already lived in Eden, maybe she wanted to a simpler time before sin ran rampant among her and eves children damning them to a hell she no longer wants. Before she even met Lucifer and he became depressed. She's licing the fabtasy of Eden again.
He might’ve been redeemed, but he hasn’t died
Lucifer will no longer allow extermination. Season 2 will focus on The Vees as the baddies
the exterminations have been going on for 10.000 years i think, thats what lucifer sain to charlie in the ending song
Here is the thing. In terms of raw power Charlie definitely has way more than Alastor. She was able to actually hurt Adam while Alastor mainly dodged his attacks and the attacks he did land not doing any visible or lasting damage. Sure you can argue that was mostly because of her trident but later on When Adam was trying to attack her and Lucifer she was able to block a full power attack from Adam with no effort even surprising Adam himself and as a reminder a single punch from him broke Alastors barrier and even Alastor could not block his attacks. These two feats alone I would argue put her raw power above Alastor but she is lacking both in terms of skill and mastery of her power as it seems like she did both those things on accident and she seems to genuinly not want to hurt anyone even choosing to spare Adam so she is still holding back.
hey
Amazing video also I like this man’s content it’s awesome  :D
Here a crazy what if Lilith is not Charlie daughter but Eve.
Charlies weakness against Adam and in general most powerful beings is that it seems her Demonic powers more recently started taking hold and her Angelic nowhere to see on top, most people treat her as if her Angelic powers/blood arent a thing. And taking from the scene where she singlehandedly stopped Adam in his tracks (with a pretty showy cinematography) it looks like that will be an emphasis in S2, Charlies powers developing and having to learn to control and use them, and eventually discovering her Angelic side
I think the power imbalance between Adam lucifer and Charlie is supposed to show how much charlie has neglected her magical powers
I'm curious what that "favor" from Charlie to Alastor will be 🤔
If it wasn't made clear - Angels are more powerful than demons. So I would not call Adam, "broken".
when season 2
I wish sir pentious would have managed to at least throw Adam of balance for a second, buying them some time and then quickly be obliterated. It just felt like he didn't do anything.
Lilith just confuses me now. So she doesn't care about hell and it's people anymore and just wanna live a selfish boss queen life in heaven or something? Unless there is something we don't know yet, I really dislike her now. She just left her daughter! It will suck for Charlie if he own mother goes against her. Man... I want answers!
Vaggie should have cut off Lute's wings.
I think we might be able to rule out Lilith owning Alastor’s soul if she’s in Heaven.    Personally I think it might be Caine who owns his soul since Caine is probably one of the oldest and most powerful sinners if he’s still around plus being the son of Adam and Eve I can see why he would want Adam double dead.
Probably seeing lilith going to use alastor as pawn of her plan I can definitely see that
I think Alistair works for the Eldrich gods, cause the color that keeps binding him is Neon green and they are neon green.
Its official now! Sir Pentious is canonically hot!
Hear me out, maybe Sera os the one that has Alastor on a leash...
The Hazbin Hotel Finale in Season 1 is a real tearjerker especially with Sir Pentious' death, but at least he's in Heaven especially since he got redeemed. Also I was definitely shocked to see Lilith at the end of the episode. I wonder what she'll be like in Season 2.
Little detail i've noticed is that Lucifier only joins the fight AFTER one of the Charlie's (sacrificial) lambs gets killed. Guess she didn't have that family rate after all. RIP Dazzle
nah alastor had adam beat, adam just happened to break the staff which for some reason removed most of alastors power, it will be interesting to see what the deal alastor made actually is and why the staff is the key to most of his power.
Did u notice sera n emily were just as shocked when they saw pentious which means they didnt permit him in. But he got in anyway
Charlie could be Stronger than Adam if she would have Fight expirience
I'm still kinda surprised that adam just looks like some guy. Honestly, he looks more like a Blake or a Brad.
Interesting 🤔
Im probably gonna trigger some people but dante and vergil can beat or kill all hazbin hotel and helluva boss.
Poor sir pentious im glad he got redeemed  Edit: 154 is wild yall
Adam’s face reveal had me like, “That’s Adam? The First Man? He’s just a random dude; he’s not special.”  Sir Pentious is now in Heaven! I’m so happy! I hope we still see him in Season 2 even though he’s now separated from the rest of the main cast.  Also I’m starting to believe Alastor doesn’t have a deal with Lilith. I think it’s with someone worse.
Man, this is the best episode so far!!!
