I love it when Wizard starts rolling up a leaflet. I will miss this.
I really wanted the ‘66 corvette 😢
so what happened? hoovie had a divorce and had to sell everything?
What a legend. When I become a YouTube legend I’m going to own 41 cars so I can be like super Mario and 1 up you
Hopefully no more asian restaurants
I hope the divorce did not require you to sell the SL that was your grandmother's
What did the mustand sold for.
I so wanted the trans am.. I had one in my early 20s. 1999,  Ls1, 6speed, metallic silver.. wasn’t a ws6 but I loved it.. perfect for 21 year old in 2009 lol.  Especially for 6k.. damn.
The HOA must love you Hoovie….
They said the X5 problem was not the value stems dumb a** , what really was happening the CCV system needed to be replaced On the X5.
I bet your wife is happy.
When a scumbag impersonates you and swindles other people its not your fault or responsibility to make good with the swindled person for another’s wrong doing. Shame on the dirtbag who scammed them, as you said karma will catch up with them and shame on those who were swindled for being so gullible.
The hotel del is great.  Theres not to many places you can get drunk and watch the navy seals buds training, and as a Marine these something perverse watching people in difficult courses.  Laughing at something you have an understanding how miserable they are.  And glad its not you at the moment.🤣
THis channel ROCKS
Time 4 u to upgrade buddy
this fr me on gta trying to buy the new car
I'm still waiting for my deposit return
One year later and the garage is all full again
11:47 you're all idiots 😂
So many suckers out there… good thing!
sold them all by 1991
Who gives a toss , when you sold the MCoupe in a year and did jack with it, it shows ur just another American who loves the sound of his own voice. Forget cars, fill up ur space with flowers.
hooovieeeeee where's the aston martin? o.O
Whoever got that transam for 12k got a deal I’ve had offers for that much and mine is bone stock with more miles
Where’s the Mercedes’ SLS??
I had to part with my 2007 Mercedes C280 last week that was in immaculate condition (except for the fender bender I had). Friends said this was not a car sale, but rather an adoption process. “Can I see the maintenance records on your current vehicle first before we talk about the possibility of taking this car home?”  Hopefully Hoovie kept Grandma’s convertible. I’d whack him on the noggin with something more substantial than a rolled up newspaper if he sold it!
HOOVIE, WE OWN A 2016 LEXUS NX 200T, BOUGHT IT NEW OF COURSE, IT SHOWS ON THE ODO, 6,250 MILES AS OF TODAY. IT MUST BE THE LOWEST MILEAGE NX IN CA? MAYBE THE U.S?  JUST LOVE IT, WHITE PEARL, BLACK INT, HEATED COOLED SEATS, TWIN SCROLL TURBO, LUXURY PKG, ETC. REALLY NICE VEHICLE.  ORANGE COUNTY, CA.  LOVE ALL YOUR VIDEOS!
HOOVIE, DO YOU KNOW IN England THEY CALL THOSE THE FROG EYED SPRITE?
How was tax day this year?
im still watching, did you make some profit ? peace
If they would have waited a few months they would have made way more money. This market is crazy right now.
I really enjoy this channel
Why are you selling them to buy the bugatti that needs everything
Now you can fix the R8 for your loving wife. I really want to see her haul ass in it…
Nothing like gettin a pile a junk oughta yo yard !
Sell the Countach! Take the win. Leave the wedge behind.
I love when the wizard starts rolling up the magazine 🤣😂🤣
Did Hoovie get rid of his first car? The Mercedes?
A good olde purge is always a little scary, but also a lot of fun... Immediately brings that "what can I buy now?" Feeling back 😁
None of thse cars was sold on carsandbids. :D
I never thought I'd see Hoovie allow sanity into his mind. I am very proud of you.  And absolutely happy that the Car Wizard whacked you in the head. The fourteen looks of horror the Car Wizard shot  you as you read the sold list was priceless.  But you still own a Range Rover and that alone should put Car Wizards three new yachts in the water rebuilt. The world is full of cars you want Hoovie. Now you can buy more.
If you want an investment car to just sit on, I'd suggest a post-engine refresh Gen 1 Acura or Honda JDM NSX, or a twin turbo Supra, or a stock FD RX8 with the twin turbo package. The problem of course is that you inevitably devalue them every time you drive them, and that really isn't what car ownership is about. Car ownership, even for a collection, should always be about enjoying the cars for what they are, so it's always sad to just see collections where people never drive the poor things.   Oh dear, you're probably going to regret selling that 73 Mercedes, because they're just getting to be so rare to find and getting one in decent condition is practically impossible these days. Hopefully you got enough out of it to make it worthwhile, because it'd be practically impossible to ever replace.  Also, any car that, following your realization about their value, suddenly seems to precious to drive, you should sell. It is never worth it to keep a car around that you are afraid to drive and potentially damage. I'd sell the Countach. Hell, I'd probably sell just about any of those cars if I were in your position. Have a week of track days just thrashing every one of them around and whichever ones haven't tried to break your legs off (Countach), spin you into a ditch (Z8), or burst into flames (Ferraris), I'd seriously consider keeping. I do think that keeping the little subaru powered spyder and the Mercielago is a good idea. They're comparatively reliable and pretty easy to drive for the amount of fun you'd get out of them. Plus, selling the Countach would give you loads of extra funding to buy and fix up project cars that you've always wanted to tackle. Plus, it isn't like you can't find extremely entertaining daily driver cars. I mean, all else fails, you can always buy a Model 3 Performance and decimate the 0-60 times of just about every car there. It just lacks some character, which is always sad.
$16,000 to this guy is like $10 for avg person.
This guy has more cars than dealers these days.
I thought you guys were all selling your cars to buy the salvage Bugatti
Man i wish i woulda bought a dakota rt when they came out
HOWWWWW MUUUUUUUUUCH did you get? You know that's all we really want to know
Come Over to Canada.  We need Trudeau Gone
Dumping the inventory before the market CRASHES, and cars are worth much less.
Last video:  I’m selling all my cars!  Everything’s for sale!  This video:  Wait, no, that one’s not for sale. And neither is that one. Or that one. And so on.
I'm glad you didn't sell the Lambo's, they are why I'm subbed to your channel!
The write off video
The only one I wanted was the Bug-eyed Sprite.  Back in the 70's, I had a 1962 MK II & sold it for $100.
Love your videos!
Well done to Urination bob
“Most are gone “ 17 of 40 isn’t even half Hoovie…
Please keep the vette
So he sold the mustang for less than 55k?
hey man, if you want to keep that Lambo and its paint in mint condition maybe consider doing an xpel paint protection wrap! you wont regret it
Where's Grandma's Benz?🤔
If karma is real, then isn't getting scammed just karma catching up with you? I don't believe in karma, but if you do, you gotta accept bad karma for yourself as much as for others.
Not sure if I just missed it but could you get into a bit about why you decided to sell all your cars?
Sell the rest. It’s a sellers market right now. I embrace minimalism Hoovie.
So what country are you moving to with all your gold coins  /  or are you going to buy a flying car  / because your up to some thing  and it's got to be good  / well enough with my  b/s  / good luck with what ever your doing
No Closed Captions = TWO THUMBS DOWN!!!
Glad you kept the ones that brought you smiles! 😀 Keep winning.
How much did the Mercedes go for?
Hopefully the IRS doesn’t go after him for capital gains on these hoopties
Bro's been saying Urination-Bob in his vids and im like who?? First time i realised "EuroNation-Bob" lol
Everyone is selling cause the car market is at its peak I think. Its ridiculous. Why wouldnt you sell and make a huge profit daaaa
What happened to the Park Avenue?
Almost at a million views Tyler congrats!
damn you even sold off your park avenue?
They aren’t gone, fake news
Glad that you kept the little Porsche kit and it fun also the baby blue Corvette hey just keep the Corvette even if you sell everything else I guarantee that you will have tons of fun it's valuable and mostly very low maintenance and fun to drive it's a head turner all day long oh my dad use to own a big eye back when I was five my mom loved it it was red back in 1970
I'm glad that you kept the lamborginis
When he Euro Nation Bob I heard Urination Bob
15:19 lol 😂 nice Picard quote you did there.
Are those car games or simulators in the background?
He’s just selling leftover props that are old content 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 and making content out of that 😂
If you did multiple videos on each car and sold them for a small loss, you probably didn’t really loose money on them.
The more Hoovie vids I watch, the more he strikes me as the car loving "Jeff Goldblum"  and maybe a little Nicholas Cage.
You sold the two cars we had in common. The TA and the Sprite. It was fun to hear you sing their praises, fun machines.
Karma is real. Hope they get payback.
Urination Bob ! Betting that the ca's that came from you were some the best He have Ever Had .
..........don't tell me you actually sold your grandmothers old 560SL did you Hoovie?  I didn't think you'd ever sell that, didn't it have a soft spot in your heart because it was hers?  Steve
I'll buy that little red car in far left had corner ‼️ How much are you asking ❓ Great time to dump your collection ‼️ Economy Crash is here ‼️
so why did alot of car youtubers start uploading vids like this all around the same time? what happend? seems sus
Selling all those cars must have been task in itself. Myself I'm only worried about fixing my 64 Ford F100 just need a spot to work and some new floor pans
Getting rid of the junk,while keeping all the good stuff...
Getting rid of the junk,while keeping all the good stuff...
Yeah the Ferrari doubled in value because you drove it in car trek!
I wanted your imperial, but I didn't know you sold anything., dammit!
Hoovie may have 'lost' some on those cars, but the ad and YouTube revenue makes up for it. Also remember, according to what he would sell those cars for, he just netted around $400,000 on the sale of them. New cars on the way!
I’ve just watched a few of this guys videos because the Super Bird caught my attention. My question is does this guy think he is the second coming of Jeff Goldblum ?
I was holding off on watching this video because I was scared he got rid of the Corvette. Im glad he didnt! Ha.
why dont you give away one car for free to you fc
is that a Merkur Scorpio in the back of the garage?  HOOVIE!  you need to do a MERKUR!  either a XR4ti or a Scorpio!  there's plenty of Hoopties of those nowadays
Very nice of you to sell the scammed guy the car he was after, less the 'deposit' he was scammed. That's class.
Well done, Hoov! You got rid of a load of boring crap, you should not have bothered with in the first place! 😄 I would love to see you go for something really unique and cool.. LOTUS EUROPA SPECIAL  THE most stylish Lotus ever built!
That beautiful mustang is sold :(
bruh take the money and run before the market comes back down
BMWs are trash
You stayed in the hotel where they filmed Some Like it Hot -- one of the GREATEST films of all time!   :0)
I knew you were going to keep that 66 Vette & the Countach. That metallic blue looks absolutely amazing. . .💙😍👏💯
Wizard:  "I couldn't imagine having to think about 40 cars"  Hoovie completely misses the sarcasm.
This video sucks.. it is a little parade of Wichita yuppeeness
Something just doesn't sit right with me.  He says he is selling all his cars, prices them, and people make legitimate offers, and he declines.  I know it is the owner's right/prerogative, but as a prominent youtuber, he should honor his word.  Or at minimum not price them.
yeahyphyeah
Did you sell the pimp my ride van?
Congratulations on the sale. I for one, don't know how you did it. I have a hard time selling my vehicles in the game Snowrunner that I play on Xbox. I get so attached to them, but when I need cash to upgrade one, or buy another truck in the game, it's hard for me to sell. I couldn't imagine selling my real life counterparts. But I do know the feeling because I am an avid mountain biker and I get super attached to my bikes and it becomes nearly impossible when I have to sell them. I always have a moment with them before they go. Now that you are flush with a huge windfall of cash I am looking forward to seeing what you buy next.
Urination bob back at it again
Bye bye you talk to much
Buy some sun glassess dude. 15 solid minutes of squinting into the camera!
If I had a Countach and a 348 then I'd keep them too.
Well now you’re channel name makes sense …all you have now is a garage lol
What storege system do you use for your car I need one
Actually, what you observe is Tyler's daughter manifesting the pimp my ride car from Tavarish using the Law of Attraction. Children are powerful manifestors as we describe in our books. Process described also: Natural Born Miracle Makers, W. Andrea Ziarno
Can you show the arcade in the back please
white alfa romeo 164?
No conspiracy just the inflation in the used car market. Makes total sense from a business perspective.
Hey I'll give you $7500.00 for that 348 Ferrari which is around $3200.00 more than it's worth.
You sold THE JUNK, But keeping the gold. Smart
Rip to anyone who buys a car from hoovie lmao this guy has the worst luck with cars
500k for a countash? People have lost their minds!!! These cars are pigs and drive like S@#t! ...but, I guess since some mullet headed wanna be Don Johnson drove it in the 80s, its now a classic!!!
You really did good getting out of cars. Jay Leno can afford all those rides but I don't see why anyone would want to have all that liability ? Gas goes bad , battery going down , tires degrading.
I love seeing all these idiots complaining in the comments  "hE dId tHIS FoR viEws" he literally sold a crap ton of his cars, more than half his fleet is gone, yeah he listed all for sale but he did mention in that video some cars were not ready yet. Some cars he wants to use for content first when they're ready. Ya'll sit there behind a keyboard without knowing really anything just to talk the talk. Smh Love ya hoovie!!  makes me question if people actually watch the videos before they say anything.
Still very interested in the R/T
Gotta make room for more cars/ more experiences! I tell all my buddies who collect cars don't get attached there are far to many interesting cars to experience and learn about, after you buy a car seems to be when you finally learn all the ecentricities of what you'd actually want out of the platform so later if you decide to repurchase a car you can find something more aligned with your ideal version.   Still waiting for Hoovie to buy a Morgan +6 or an E-type
These cars aren’t really going up in value. The Ultra Rich are looking for a place to ‘park’ their money other than garbage artwork.
Whoever made up that fake email is a clever, clever.
what happened to the BMW i135??
What about the sls?
I hope that you didn't sell the '66 Corvette.
Selling high, never get more money for most of them than right now, or next year maybe.
since you have all that money and shows, and were impersonated because of that, why don't you give those 2 that lost deposit money on the scam their money back? That's the "man" thing to do.
So now he's a Multi Millionaire! Respect!!!
I don't like this guy because I'm poor and jealous
Carma XD
Before we talk about what cars I sold and no longer have a tax bill that will bankrupt me.
Oh man, he sold is grandmother’s Mercedes!?!?!
Now just take your channel down and we are good!
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
What? No pool? WTF dude...
yes please DONT ever get rid of the countach thats a much better Lambo then any others
It looks like a pretty kick ass house you should probably do a tour of it
Should have emailed the scammer and set up a meetup with the cops.
BMW V8  valley pan gaskets
Sells suburban , keeps rump rover. You must REALLY love your tow truck driver
this even hit the dutch news
I really want that Dakota R/T!
I have to admit, I stopped watching the video in the policy gen section. Far too long.
The Wizzard said 23 cars !! BOP! BOP! BOP!!!
I see you still have a car in that garage of yours, you think we wouldn't notice? Why there's that pink jeep there, you sneaky!
u sold the mustang?? blasfomy...
Dr. Hoovie, dude... you may require counselling when you realise the "not so important" cars are gone. I'm feeling your pain before you do. Time for a hum....oh no, that's okay, I'll get in the X5, no wait, oh stuff it, Escalade it.....um, oh.... Maybe I'll just settle for a luxury sedan cruise, M5, nope, 7 series is gone too, OOOWH!!!! It will take new cars and lots of time to heal. I suggest buy the first car that you can buy is a good start, and the next one after that too....etc.
Where is the Typhoon?? 😢😭
I’ve got a mega rare Avalanche 1/1 ever made and registered if you’re ever in the market for it.
When are you going to sell the GoldenEye Pinball machine or the racing game in the back Hoovie?! I WANT THAT OUTRUN MACHINE!!
Please use captions!
whats up with that white Alfa Romeo 164 next to Lambo? love to see video about that car :D
Mumble. Scream. Mumble. Scream…….make up your mind.
The issue with the BMW X5 and smokey exhaust, may not actually be  tired valve stem seals, but a faulty crank case ventilation module, which have a habit of drawing engine oil into the inlet manifold when they fail and thus also  into the combustion chamber, creating quite a smokey exhaust.  I know this because we had a couple of 4.4 litre BMW X5's suffer the same problem and we diagnosed that the Crank Case Ventilation module was the culprit. It takes  about 2 hours to replace, once you have removed the front wheels and lowered the nose of the vehicle down low enough to make reaching the firewall side of the engine easier ( to reach and unscrew the Torx screws holding the CCVM)  which is where the module is located. Not difficult to replace by BMW standards and certainly one of the  easier things to replace, without much frustration lol.
Goonsquad selling their cars too !
I wonder if the bouyant market has ensured all the unsold cars have been fully paid for my the sold cars. Or maybe there will be a 2nd wave?
Good
Ugh the insurance ad is really long….
Star trek references make me happy
"It is still the dumbest automotive channel on all of YouTube" 😂
Rock on Hoovie!
So you announced you're selling all the cars, provide prices for each car on what you'd sell it for, people offer to pay you what you're asking and then you decide not to sell it. Do I have that correct?
Hope you're buying Bitcoin with that quickly depreciating cash.
Is that a gray and red Bentley coupe ? Can we see more of it please.
8000 dollars each dear god yeah no persons purchasing that diablo . I would be buying retrofit coil over setup and running that wheel gap lol
Does your wife still have the SLK?
Seriously..... You let the M5 go, but kept the Z8!....... 😳😳😳😳✖️✖️✖️✖️🤦
Nooo not the sprite! 😢
Hey Hoover you still got this suburban?
How am I not subscribed I swear I was!!!
Trying to keep up with the registration and insurance of 40 cars would of been the end of me.
Is it just me or does Hoovie have Jeff Goldblum vibes?  The voice, the mannerisms.  I just see Jeff Goldblum
What’s the dudes name is EURO Nation bob …… this whole time I thought it was urination bob
Hoovie Hoovie Hoovie you did exactly what I would’ve done after selling all those cars!!!! YOU THE MAN!!!! You got something there it’s finally able to compete with Freddy’s McLaren!!! Money well spent!!!
Star Trek quote! ❤❤❤
Sell the market top lol
Good with a bit of luck you will piss off and get a real job
Wish he’d kept the ‘66 Mustang...
Awwwww.  🥲
Curious question for you Hoovie: Why did you get rid of the Hummer as opposed to the Conversion van?
What about the sls?
Should rename the Channel to "Hoovies EMPTY Garage"
Ok now I understand why I never got a response! That's a lot of interest
why tf am I watching that PolicyGenius Advertisement when Im not even from the US
Hay Hoovie, just looking at you getting it on with the wizard and that motor mount for that red nova. Ya" no doubt you have the dummist channel on you tube, but keep it up, it keep's things interesting...cool.
I wish I had the money to get one of hoovies Hooptys
Did he really sell them or is he hiding them in a secret undisclosed garage somewhere lol
The smart play currently is to go short and hang on. Dump the hanger! Get cash and get small.
Bet Grammas cars not gone though…. Thank god 😮‍💨
Can't wait to see what is next
Hoovie it’s time to get a McLaren even if it’s a rescue
If I could help Hoovies sell his Hoopties I would pack up the Hash Pipe with Rocky and get all schmoked up.
Rob dahm will buy your diablo, and squeeze that 6 rotor into it
Insider information: Anybody who knows anything is selling their EXTRA unnecessary cars. Cars are selling at crazy highs (work for a dealership) and if you have extras it’s like having a lot of stock that’s bound to crash.
I have a 1998 bmw 328i convertible for sale if anyone interested
🤡
Okay but what about the SL?
YAAAAAY FOR DENNIS 😎😎😎😎
Wow congrats 🤑🤑 u have a free car lol
You should sell that Lamborghini. You don’t even fit in it without needing a 6 month yoga workout and  the chiropractor on the speed dial after the first pot hole, you said it yourself if you get a dent that paint job would make colour matching a nightmare
👊🏽😁🇺🇸, I like what's left.
There's not a suitable strut made new by some other company for some other car that would not work in the Lambo?  And be much much cheaper than $8K per side?  By the way, "most" of your cars are NOT gone.  17/40 is less than 50%.
We all know why Tyler had to sell most of his cars, right. It probably had something to do with an angry wife😜
sometimes less is more
i know its euro nation but i chuckle every time I hear urination bob....
Used car prices are insanely high.  A great time to sell a bunch off. No secrets..and getting rid of the old crap is always a good idea.
How much for that blown Chevy 427? :)
“Nobody wants to do their jobs these days.”  Amen, Hoovie, amen.
Sure they can stop yet pinball don't just take away the ability for you to access the things you need to get to anywhere you want
Now viewers are waiting for a new batch of fresh Hoopties😄👍
Case-in-point why hoarders die surrounded by their junk.  "This one has a rare cracking pattern in the seat leather." "This one has metal air valve caps...can't part with it!"
Please tell me that you didn't sell your grandmother's Mercedes! Your touching story about her and your experience with the car, it would break her heart to know you sold it.
The Adverts are getting longer, yet ill still never buy anything on them or youtube premium. So fuk off
When you was reading the list off to the wizard I wish they would have shown him doing backward flips in the shop 😂
he had to sell off his collection to pay his bill with the car wizard lol... 😛
Great post! Keep it going!
buys dream to sell? somethings up
2000 T/A 😢
So where is grandma's Benz SL?  I didn't see it anywhere, and I assume he didn't sell it.  Is it at the Wizard's??  And the SLS?  He has barely had the car--where is it?  From my POV, it's the best car he has.
yawn!
I never noticed that Bendpak lift has no center columns, the platforms are hanging on cords.
"I sold all my cars! But here's all the cars I kept." <shows more than half the cars have been kept> Oh well...sold cars, but made friends.
It sometimes hurts to part ways 😥
You’re not the “dumbest”. Those cars that you lost money on are gonna give you back blessings on blessings. Remember when you bought cars then gave the cars back to the owners and let them keep the money. Now look at you today… #blessedautomotiveyoutubechannel
This sucks...  Start u-tube buying cheap interesting cars and then complain about the GT350...and others.   Yeah... you made it...we didn't.  WE WANT videos relevant to those who still have Hoopties....not what was in your garage...Jay Leno.
Commercial too long….  You are making me move on…. Too much…..
Ah nonono ☝🏽 ive done this before in need for speed (sold all of my cars) and you think you’ve downsized, simplified and cashed out.. no no ☝🏽 you’ve actually only begun the second spree of beater buying 🤷🏽‍♂️
"riptide blue"
So since you don't own my 66 Green mustang anymore..... Two things...  I did put a brand new heater core in it..... but that was in 1991 so I guess 30 years wasn't a bad run... LOL...  Secondly,  I blew the rear out of that car once, and rebuilt a stronger center carrier, but apparently not strong enough.  And I guess I will let the cat out of the bag and mention that the car was a coupe originally, and I converted it to a fastback....  I made sure you knew that when I sold it... You were very kind with your opinions on my old car and  I appreciate all your positive comments...  My buddies all think you will be buying my current project.  a rotted out 63.5 falcon convertible......  Im not planning on selling that one....  Hope your next business endeavor goes well.   And for everyone on youtube, yes, the one thing that made that mustang special to me was the coupe to fastback conversion....  It went well...
I wanted a E39 M5 after I sold my E46 M3, prices for a good example are just crazy now.   I ended up finally looking at the Cadillac CTS-V3 (looked at the more modern M5, Audi S8 Plus, Panamera Turbo...I like to keep my cars a long time and my friends and family that own the later say sell all those at end of warranty).   I had a deal on a V3 after months of looking for the right one and the dealership sold it out from under me rejecting me just wanting to wire them the money that night and have it shipped.   They told me it had a sunroof issue and I'd have to wait for it to be fixed (bull poop).  A week goes by and they tell me the car is ready and waiting for me to pick up the keys.  I take a 3 hour drive with them calling every 30 mins asking if I am still coming down.  I get there at like 9pm and ask about the car with just some random salesman in the parking lot and he tells me 'dude that car sold out of state 3 days ago'.  I go in and they play for like 30 mins saying "We can't find the keys while I kept saying just let me see the car first.".  Of course they wanted to sell me all sorts of other cars on the lot.  I called uber and headed home.   One the way back up I get a text from another dealership locally that found something called the VSport (the CTS with the V6 twin turbo in it).  I am no longer a big V8 guy down here in S. Florida since everyone has one.   Now I have a 550-600RWHP car that gets people coming up to me at red lights, in parking lots, etc saying WTF is that?  I like cars off the beaten path.  This car drives like a real driver's car.  Now my problem is traction even on 295/25R20's (I know I need more sidewall for max grip, but don't want to run DR's).
That heater core leak in a 1965/66? Mustang brought back memories.
Anyone else think he sounds like kinda like Jeff Goldblum?!
My good friend has a Bugeyed Sprite. It’s a FANTASTIC car!
Please do a collab with The Stradman and sell him your Lamborghini Countach!
So, no more Grandma's car?
Mercy ALAAAA go.     sigh....
The million dollar question: Did you keep your Gran's Mercedes? Please say yes.
One day you make a video that everything must go. Now you making a video why you don’t wanna sell, you want people to beg. You or something !? I don’t even know why your making this kind of a videos ??
Hoovie sold himself long time ago.... annoying suckin’ up to these silly greedy startups. Show for dumbest folks only...
Oops,  bronx was being bad .
The bug could have been a cartoon
Why did you do that your silly
Lmao I thought you said urination bob
So you have fallen prey to Motor Trend TV I see. Get ready for lower viewership and having to do what they tell you to. MT has ruined some great automotive YT channels and I guess the big checks influence people to sell out.
So apollo 911 and the air cooled still around ?   Lets see the airport hangar and see how many more you have ??      I cant imagine storing and driving 15 cars let alone the 20 or 25 you still have.
WARNING! THIS IS A RE DIRECT FOR AN INSURANCE COMPANY! reporting this. thumbs down.
You sold half.. you need to sell ten more.  And I dont believe you have 17 cars now.  Bet its 25 to 30.
WOW, freaking scammers, they scam large and small. That Corvette needed a Chevy 502 crate motor to give it some balls
This was smart.  Car market is peaking.  Clear house now.  Build it back and get new content over time.
Keeping the Z8 is a good decision. They are so rare that the price will just climb and climb over the years
I immediately made two full price offers and was paying all cash.  3 days later "I sold them to urination bob".  The idea these vehicles were ever available to the Youtube public was a ruse. He had 1/2 cars sold before he ever did the "for sale" video.  I feel played.... it was all about making a splashy "for sale" video and not a genuine opportunity for a long time fan to buy a vehicle.
x5 with smoking issue,  thats my kind of project car, but,  if I had 4500,  my teeth would be out of my head.
You are mighty close to high tension wires… 😱
And now what?
I think he is putting all this money in Bitcoin, Etherium etc.
Noice pinball in the back ground
Ki
You must be loaded now you've sold all those
Find that scammer! I'm sure the check can be traced.
That Range Rover Sport is my favorite. That design at the bottom of the doors compliment the entire car so well 👌
Are the lifts for sale too?
wow i really did not think any of thoes cars were going to sell.  except for the mustang.
5:16 *YOU SOLD YOUR BMW TO JOHN OLIVER? ROFL*
So he cleaned out the crap basically ,job well done H
Time to shift the wealth I guess.
No way he sold his grandmas Merc…
How much for that rug?
can I haz sum dat cash?
Why did he sell them all. Thank!
I want that Samurai
they don't care! The scammers only care about your monies!!
Well timed, as the market is still hot.  Before the Fed reduces "quantitative easing"/"socialism for finance industry" and all the free money dries up.
Everyone’s looking over it, but when hoovie said no one does their job anymore, is so true. No one cares. Everything is poorly made and over priced. It’s sad
Basically you've only kept the cars that will appreciate in value, nice.
why don't you have your own domain?  Would've save alot of headaches..   DMARC,DKIM,SPF and you're set for a safe way to secure mail.
Wait, does he sound just like Jeff Goldblum?
Serous Jeff Goldblum vibe coming off of him.
What I love about this channel the most, is it’s completely pointless!!  Haha keep up the good work!
Congrats! cant wait to see where your future purchases take you!
“The line must be drawn here! This far, no further!” - Captain Picard, Star Trek: First Contact. 👏🏼 👏🏼 👩‍🦲
Sell the countach to stradman please so we can still see that beauty on YouTube and have updates on it
Please pay someone to edit the audio and mix it properly so people can actually hear and understand you without making 300 volume adjustments while watching. YouTube channel with over 50 subs with the worst audio mixes award goes to you hands down.
Praise God! I could insert twenty five million dollars worth of cars in my garages, however, many mouths can be feed and souls touched globally as they are currently! Each individual can use their vast resources to bring hope and healing to a lost world! God Bless!
I pay so I don't see adds. Then you put ads in your video. Sick of it. I'm off
Policygenius kill it for me. Next
Hoovie.  I recommend hiring an IT guy help you set up your own domain as well as digital signatures on your email.   You should probably set up a small webpage where someone can message you for buying requests. This will help prevent impersonation attacks going forward so your potential buyers can cryptographically be ensured they are legitimately being emailed by your mailbox.  You don't need to be tech savvy, just have a professional, an IT Wizard if you will, help you set it up.
Im glad the countach is staying and the murciealago
I miss seeing the Rapide, how is your friend liking it?
15:52 Alfa Romeo.👍
tyler...you are funny dude 😆
Do you still have your grandma's car (I wanna say mercedes)?
I see that pink 1 in the back
where the hell were thay listed at?
I’m trying to sell all the cars also Tyler “ I don’t wanna sell it” lol😭
How can you live in Kansas when you've been to San Diego?
Tyler I like you, you're a great guy. But I would have to agree with you and that your channel is a dumbest car automotive Channel on YouTube but it's not that you're really dumb more like Murphy's Law happens to you all the time
Bank was like... Mortgage pay up.
Please don't change the format too much tyler
Why did you sell the M5? :(
You ruined your YouTube channel
I love that you have outrun 2 in the background
The biggest mistake he made as not selling the Countach. I would have probably sold the other Lambos as well. This is clearly a car bubble that will soon collapse, just like the housing bubble. I would have kept the 2001 M3.
Just came back from Coronado! Cool lil place a with alot of history! Would love to stay in one of those new residences the hotel is building. 🏨
Sell them all.... :) You can do it!
Man if I had the money I loved that Trans Am WS6. Hope it goes to a good home.
Wait you sold your car your grandma gave you? Please tell me you didnt.
this is a comment
Apparently , Some people have a lot of money to throw around.
Is policygenius just like compare The Market or go Compare like we have in England?
Nice selling 17 cars.  You still could have made more if you loose the emotional attachment.  The Lamborghini that is a no brainer.. If you where getting offers for more than your asking?? Sell it.. 🤦‍♂️
Real used car salesman.  Wanted to get rid of his crappy cars and put all for sale marketing. Hey I want your lambo..Oh sorry that one not for sale.. what is a douchebag.
I was wondering what The Car Wizard felt about these car sales. I got my answer @ 15:07.
No masks indoors at a cali hotel?  noice!  breakin the law, breakin the law!  lol
Will you be at Barrett Jackson in January? I’ll be there with Hubbard Auto Sales and friends…it would be great to meet you.
I’m high on Austen Healy Sprites. That bug-eyed baby is adorable.
This is the dislike counter for this video.
Great  channel great content  👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍
There is a good guy around every corner. But also a bad guy.  It's sad that bad people try to do scams on every level. You are the good guy, but you know that. Take care and be safe  Greetings from Holland
@stradman is looking for a coontosh
So its official no more hoopties in Hoovies Garage just cars that are the complete oppisite now.
Hotel Del in Coronado is an AWESOME place. It is the spot where Marilyn Monroe was filmed with Tony Curtis and Jack Lemmon in 'Some Like it Hot', One of the funniest movies of ALL-Time! It was also the site of the US-Chicom with Nixon. The beach is awesome. Plus the brunch served on Sunday mornings used to be an absolute sight to behold! If you go to the Hotel Del, eat lightly for prior 24 hours before going to the brunch on Sunday morning...then sample everything. Oh, and Hoovie's cars are just a plus!!!
Damn I love in vegas and went to dema for 2 days and didn't see you! So sad. I got a picture with Freddy and Jared though lol. Awesome guys!
Those video games in the garage are looking like a good deal...of fun!!!
How much did you sell the Lamborghini countach for
Hoovie… long time fan but sorry man I’m gonna have to say your no different then the person who stole the deposits. You stole time from people and lied. You said a price you would sell and you didn’t. Dude that makes you a dirt bag. Think about it. You lied bro.
Listed 40, sold 23... "they're all gone" lol only Hoovie.
Hey Hoovie i think you are missing one BMW the smallest one of the family, the series 1
Omg, 😭😭😭😭😭
I love the 7.40i. In my opinion the most subtle and beautiful sedan ever made. I have one, and also the 7.50i. I love all the BMW's from that era. I have the 5.40i too. Luckily all of them with low mileage. It doesn't come cheap repairing them if you don't do it yourself.
Your collection was garbage sir.
My entire fleet is for sale, except the ones I don’t wanna sell, even if you offer more than I am asking.
How much $ for the OutRun 2 machines?
Bet that bank account fat.
Wait. So you're keeping the Jimny? I wanted that one!
It's simple.. this is the perfect time to sell cars.. the market will crash then you start collecting again
Man, conspiracy theorists sure are entertaining for a while. Then they really can dry your out from boringness.
Now I know why you got out of used car dealer ship you have morals 👍👍
What are you going buy to replace your car addition
How much you want for the pink one
What is this GTA V?
Coincidentally Richard Hammond also sold the majority of his cars... so it's not a surprise people noticed a very odd trend. :-D
Tyler: I am selling ALL my cars! Tyler in the next video: I am keeping 17 of them! Also dude, think a bit about our planet, you can do perfectly fine with just 2-3 of those old V8 or V12 gas guzzlers. Get a hydrogen powered Mirai (an easy buy for you) like James May for a daily driver, compensate a bit. And this comes from a fellow car guy.
Lamborghini Balloon white Pearl that’s on the countach is a breathtaking colour irl. Especially for a colour from the 80s. 👌🏻👌🏻
Where’s Grandma’s Mercedes???
Thankfully the Hooptie lives! I can't wait to read about how the Wizard will now be still4 to buy that bigger yatcht ..
This is hoovies wife’s fault isn’t it?
Love the Car Wizard looking at Hoovie and saying deadpan "I cant imagine having to manage 40 cars...." in a workshop full of more than that. Mark is a master poker face.
damn your house is massive
Would you be interested In a full modded overfinch Range Rover supercharged. It’s also has amazing interior. Great fun fast car
is the "pimp my car' van still for sale ?
What?
18:00 ...still the bumbest, yet the sweetest!!! ;)
Will the real hoovie please stand up
Jesus Christ, yahoo?  Are you 70+?  Get your own domain and for $100 a year get exchange from Microsoft and create multiple emails.
Not watching the whole video but i know dam hoovie aint sell grandmas car
Love ur content
:(
I know how to match pearl white paint. Just sayin'.....
Care to donate your lift to a disabled veteran?  Lol
What happened to the Mercedes that your grandma gave you?
Did you put the Viper up? Message me
what about Grandma's SL? (1 million dollars)
Calm the Nerd down,,
why not put it on cars and bids?
Hoovie the car hoarder. Lol
I bet he kept the Audi Allroad and just doesn't want anyone to know.
Hoovie gets on my nerves sometimes but I will grant him this: he has a fine-@ss setup there. I wish I had a garage like that. I'd be working on restoring cars every day. Btw, sweet Corvette. Glad you kept that.
Hahaha oh dear!  I always thought Hoovie was saying urination Bob until I saw the sign at https://youtu.be/6H4JanQgiuw?t=434  😅
Not the hummer
Buy high, & sell LOW. Isn't that the way it's supposed to work Hoovie?
He's smart. In another year, these prices are going way down. The infrastructure bill is filled with taxes and fines for owning classic cars. Eventually making them illegal to drive on the street. Biden regime will destroy the automotive industry and kill 500,000 jobs and businesses related to it.
I know the owner of the 511K dollar Lambo it was a friend of mine and it was a beautiful car
The wizards garage will be going out of business lol
Better invest before tax time 😂
What ever happened to the barn find LT1 Camaro?
Funny but I'm also selling all my cars)
12:10 you can see his address
Wheres the $
Where’s the Border Patrol Raptor?
just well done
Come buy all the least reliable vehicles ever created. 😂
honestly just feel like hoovie wanted to be a 80s drug kingpin with that collection
Tuning out. Too long advertisement
Bugeye
Wow what a lot of effort scammers go to for a lousy 2K.  Just go to work for a few days and you have that anyway without being a crim...
Glad to see you keep your Barbie Jeep.
Buy that white Alfa 164 on wizard shop!!
Prices are up because money value is down
Hopefully there are a few people in your audience who have the technical know-how to find who the scammer is, and forward the info to the victims and the authorities.
Telling people something is not for sale is one of the most surefire ways to make them want it more. I collect coins and set up at local shows. I had the opportunity to set up my collection at a larger show, you know, just to show them. Yeah I suppose it's a form of flexing, but why not. I made the mistake of not putting up a sign that said "not for sale". I had to tell everyone that. Over a brief 5 hours I had all kinds of responses to that - the coins not being for sale - some of them just respected that, some very nice compliments on my collection and taste, etc etc... but some people were like "No really, how much do you want for it?". I ALMOST sold one coin because the offer was more than double what I had paid. And then, I realized I would be opening up a HUGE can of worms if I did that, and even worse, money was never the point. I enjoy them, and when I put them out that morning I had ZERO intention of selling them. I would have become a huge whore hypocrite.
How's The Wizard supposed to afford a second yacht if you're selling all your cars?
You sold your Grandma's Mercedes that she saved for you..??
When the IRS came knocking,  I had to sell all my cars and went into hiding.  But they found me inside a downtown stormwater drain and took my phone,  my watch,  my Nike shoes.  They did not take my packet of chewing gum.
Definitely get more than a half mil for the Lamborghini
Who cares
We all know what urination Bob bout to do in those cars 😂
Yes, but how much for the Barbie Power Wheels Jeep?
Turned into humble brag garage.
Hi Hoovie, I like your video! :-) My name is Mike, I'm trying to make new friends and get into a car I might like. Maybe you could help me out? :-) I newly subscribed and I like your channel.
you cashed out because the market is high everybody knows its all about the money for you  so please dont pretend any different
2 bad your Diablo is LHD, my country is RHD for registration
KW Suspension actually rebuilds and lowers Classic Suspension. But it would have to be sent to Germany.
BTW... How the hell is it that you do not have a Viper???? Prices are going up and they are exotic. WTF????
I love you're stuff. Thank God you kept the Lambs. The Rest are ehhh.... Who cares.
Should rename the channel to almost empty garage :)
As long as it made daddy happy
Lend me some money foo, u packing them bills now
Sell the 348 and find a 355.
This is how I know the market will crash xD
16 minutes in…. Did Hoovie just do a Schwarzenegger voice for a Patrick Stewart Quote from a 1996 Star Trek movie?
Love you vids and humor... Forgot  "for shit pay" after, people don't wanna work these days.
you have one of the awesomest channels on YouTube
Tyler “Welcome to Hoovie’s Garage, the dumbest automotive channel on YouTube.”  WhistlinDiesel “Am I joke to you?”
No, I seen someone else doing it, so i did it too. COPYCAT, Guess that was the guys idea who stole your money. Well if he can do it, I can do it too!! HAHAHA
So no longer hoovies garage? Now Hoovies arcade? Hoovies basketball court? Hoovies cineplex?
dude sells 23 cars in 2 weeks...im over here, i've owned 3 trucks in my entire life
Well done, my friend.
Sell the countach to the stradman🙋🏻‍♂️
Close captions at 7:15 "urination bob" had me dead.
Any time you decide to get off the Countach I'll be right here waiting. I got a black  one but was told i was appropriating another race since I am white. Soooooo..... need a white Lambo! Standing buy! That's not a typo.
🎏
I think the stradman would like to take you up on that countach.
Well, it's hard to sell nice quality products when they're 10-20 years old. Have to make sure find the right ones.
Smart move. Gas cars will only depreciate over the next 5 years.
I don't watch often but what happen to the Dakota
those walls are in desperate need of decorating
Now you have more room for activities 🤪
Dude put coilovers on the diablo and call it a day, they'll still work better than whatever came in it lol
They never got Used Anyway
"I don't have some kind of insider knowledge that the X market is about to crash!"  Is exactly what every person who's trying to avoid getting charged by the SEC for insider trading says.
Welcome to Hoovie's Empty Garage   ...This is the show now.
"Nobody wants to do their jobs these days" no, nobody wants to work soul crushing jobs for shit pay, must be easy to say things like that when your job is YouTube lol.
40 failed you tubers new videos I bought hoovies car hoping to get views
Its ok you can buy them back once the economy collapses
It’s no big secret cars are way up right now.. that’s the reason why you sold..at this time you will get the most out of the cars that you ever will..great call… now you get what you really want
Where's the Merc?  tell me you didn't sell that for the 1,000,000 asking price?
Countach is without a doubt your best car.
Still have the lx470?
Did your Grandma’s Mercedes get sold?
so Hoovie, you have allot off money
Love your channel BUT the audio is always too low.  Help us older car guys out, turn it up!
I'd be crying with the Mustang. 😭
How much for that pink EV at the corner?
Don't sprites not have a trunk
Lets go Urination Bob!
All I care about is you keeping the conversion van. That’s the only one you should never sell :|
How many of us liked when Tyler quoted Captain Piccard? Noice
Can’t believe you sold the dream team.
Selling cars making big money (I am talking countach money): hm hm nooo  Selling a hummer losing a few bucks? That's the way to go!
Sad to see the cars go!  That hotel is haunted lol
Did you have to sell all those cars to pay for Brandon's new tax scheme!
All the cars that are worth big money, are not sold. two options: 1. you really do not want to sell them and you are a person who cannot decide nothing in life. 2. you are misleading the audience, you did not get real offers but you try to push the value higher hoping some one will give you what you want.
Hoovie - extremely down to earth guy. How to survive in an ocean of social media influencers? Be kind and humble, like a real human being.
Anybody total up approximately how much money he got from selling all these cars?
You could give the guy back his 2 grand bro.
Nice First Contact reference. :-))))
Where is the G Class?
Well, I guess your bank will love you.
Policy genius is guna cost you views lol
The Z8 is UGLY despite it's pedigree.
Disaster= premium content
I love the dumbest automotive channel in all of youtube
Just the idea of what 450k buys now and to be settled with a piece of junk like a Countach is ridiculous. Once the music stops, your going to wish you would have sold most of those cars. These are comical prices that are established by suckers. 348s and all the rest of Ferraris lineup during that time are very far from being considered a goldmine. This is actually quite interesting as a study of human behavior.
Pretty up your storage lift… put some nice paneling over that main cross beam. It’s so ugly!
I feel so validated seeing the garage floor on the far side of the Lamborghini.  extension cords, random items. Yep, my garage all over.
On* all of YouTube. Not “in” all of YouTube.
Whenever watching Hoovies videos, I'm always led to believe that he is attempting to do an impersonation of Jeff Goldblum.
"I will send many dollars to random person lol"
The 3 biggest car youtubers all offloading their cars.... At the peak of the circus used car bubble. Yeh nah... Just a coincidence. They presumably got info from some big players in the auto market ( *cough*auto tempest*cough*?) and rushed for the exits to sell all their vehicles. Why would a youtubers car celeb.. With 40 cars... All of a sudden sell 30/40 cars... When having more cars to fix up is his bread and butter to making a Living creating content...?! 🤔
Sell the Countach to Strad!
Some of those you'll want back later and probably have to pay more. If. You can get them.
4 deposit. About $11k. 😂
I will buy the car you don’t sell ?
Give the guys there money back as a expense of the you tube
The cheapest one too so smart of that fucking Scammer!!!
Nice Picard quote! 👌 😁
Will you rename your YouTube channel to Hoovies empty garage?
Hoovie was better at selling burgers than cars, because I have had Freddy's burgers and they are tasty and require zero maintenance, and Hoovie's cars are not edible and require many dollars in maintenance.
Both Hoovie and Wizard are funny
PLEASE keep the 550 spyder
So basically you sold off all your average junk and are keeping the decent stuff. 🤷‍♂️
Where's the woody wagon, the Jeep Grand Wagoneer, the porsches...seems like a few are unaccounted for....
What about Granmda’s Mercedes?
Nooooo he sold the merc, i thought it was his grandmothers
Love the channel but disappointed in the blatant lie and false quotes on cars that weren't really for sale.  I feel sorry for those people that went to their lenders to get pre-approved for loans to then come back with excitement wanting to purchase your cars at your "listing price" when you never intended on selling from the beginning.  Pretty shitty bro.
I still miss the Phantom.
Marie Kondo would be proud of your taking this first step 🙏
I love my X5. :-) But I'd love the Stingray. <3
I expected at least one Lamborghini to go away
I’d have kept the green mustang 😍
Emailed Hoovie twice and heard nothing back. 😢
That Alfa 164 in wizard's shop is super clean, it's been sitting in there for months, I wonder what's up with it.
I think that's hilarious, if people were dumb enough to Fork their money over they deserve to get hosed
M8 gran coupe incoming
coke addiction has no end
Now that you have sold so many of your stock, what's new? You gonna move into selling joints? Musk would be a regular...lol Just kidding bro.  So what's next? Buying more and fill those empty spaces again? Maybe you should stick to no more than 10 cars at a time.
I love his car issues sign on the wall lmao.
I cant be the only one hearing "urination bob"
hoovie is selling all his gas cars because very very soon, the entire world will put a ban or severe tax on non business use of gasoline and diesel in order to facilitate the global shift to EVs. the people who bought his cars are going to regret their purchase very soon after seeing people putting scrap prices on their gas cars.
Too bad he sold that red WS-6 TransAm.  That was one of the coolest cars he's ever owned.
lier lier pants on fire i ask about the mustang lier lier pants on fire
Publicity/clicks stunt.  He sold and is selling them to his buddies.  Stupid.
Nice looking Alfa 164 at the Wizard's
bought to much crypto, had to sell everything lol
The Dakota RT?
It to me is pretty obvious, they are going to buy that Maclaren F1, I hope that is what is going happen...
lov this stuff
Best car salesman ever
Your garage has those project Gotham racing vibes. Especially with the arcade games.
Hoovie keeps pricing cars and then backs out. I get why car folks are upset with him.
🦃❤️🦃
I have a dollar I'm poor but I'm Rich in God's word.Buy a Strongs concordance bible dictionary in Greek and Hebrew better than gold and silver.💪😇🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏
@3:31 yea sure..we know what's up! Shit bout to go down...
Please tell me you did not sell the Mercedes you got from your grandmother.
I've made repeated offers on the Mustang since you bought it.  :(  OK, the offers were a little low.  :)
Did you sell the Dakota?
please dont get more lambos and ferrais there kinda boring hoovie
This guy needs an engine from Alpina B7. https://youtu.be/iRHvLOZGk78
Glad you kept what you liked. I would have had a hard time agreeing to that 740
UGH>
People seem to think the Wizard will go bankrupt, I kinda think he's going to retire on his yacht. ;-)
Just wanted to say .... your videos make me smile !  between you, The car wizard, Tavarsh and Ed I always find a smile in my day. thank you ...thank you all!!!
Said to keep the 348, you decided to do the same, good man. You'll never get another drivers Ferrari, that is as cost effective, ever again, in your life. Good man.
The Anniversary Countach HAS NOT gone up $200k in the past year. Sorry Hoove.
NO NO NO, THE '88 COUNTACH IS MUCH RARER, AND FAR MORE DESIREABLE. HOOVIE! LISTEN, ANNIVERSARY COUNTACHS ARE A DIME A DOZEN, AND ALWAYS AVAILABLE. ITS NOT THE GEM YOU THINK IT IS!!! The '88 and '89 are two totally different disirabilities. '88, rare, highly desirable , always appreciating. The Anniversary? Common, prices stagnate for years at a time, only mildly desirable. Show this comment to Ed, or Curated, I bet they agree...
The Beck is one of the ones I said to keep. Shoulda' kept the Diablo too... Z8 I said to keep. 456's are getting very popular, lately. Don't sell it, great investment car. The Sprite? Well you could be driving it right now!
I still want that baby blue Mercedes... but can't get ahold of Hoovie to save my life.
That Escalade was a steal... that's why it went so fast. Also, in the episode where he stated all the prices? I commented BUY THAT ESCALADE!!! and it was the first to sell... nah' I don't know what I'm talkin' about...
Congrats on your sale tyler....always the cool, capable salesman...keep up with the good work creating videos
I gave you a list of guaranteed to appreciate cars, you should have kept for retirement. Hope you listened.
Hahaha what a segue at the end. Happy it mostly worked out for you Hoovie!
Time to buy more cars.
And congrats on thinning the fleet 40 cars is alot to keep up with especially with winter coming in im honestly amazed you let the gt350 clone go that is my second favorite car in your fleet next to the diablo
If you want another car in the bugeye family ive got one id sell dirt cheap and im only an hour south of ya lol it needs a full resto but does run and has all the parts to make it stop but not safe to drive could be a good content car
Wait you forgot the powerwheels! I would buy it
Buy more volvos!!!
Hoovie!  Tell me you've still got Apollo!
Sold his grandmas Benz?
I should have sent you many emails bitching about you not talking to me on facebook sometime ago when I ask that you helping me get a diesel blazer from the 80's. I will however continue to root for your demise as in going broke with the IRS at the door!!!
"I'm selling all of my cars. Except half of them... I'm keeping half of them cause I don't want to get rid of them"
What about Apollo911? Sale or keep. If you sell that countach I’m gonna be so mad at you
Got over 3000 emails. Shows 2,167 lol
Damn i really wanted the dodge r/t but now you dont wanna sell it 😭
How much he paid for the Countach ?
The next CarTrek is going to be interesting.
Something tells me you'll be back up to 40 cars before next summer.
Making way for a brand new hooptie fleet!
More wizard newspaper gig
Love the fact you use iMovie to make your vids, what do you use to film on?
Very happy to see you kept the Vette and the silver Porsche
NOT THE SPRITE NOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!
Keep doing what you do!
Is The WIzard losing weight??
"I lost money selling the cars and kept the ones that I could have made money on" - words of a true car nut
*HIGH IQ SUPERSMART SUPERTALENT Angles. Handsome. Treasures🤍✊🏻⬜🇺🇲⚪Purity Light White, diversity of eye colors & hair colors👀👁️❤️🧡💛💚💙💜🍪🍯💪🏻🧠✊🏻💯🦸🧚☝🏻💗👆🏻💖👍🏻👌🏻👼👊🏻🙇💟👋🏻🔥✨🌟💥💓👏🏻👨‍👩‍👧‍👦*
What about the Mercedes with the gullwing doors?
Hoovie for 5k I'll be glad to take the Dakota RT off your hands! I gave my father my Dakota that I got when I reenlisted in the Navy and I've missed it since!
Meanwhile theres people who work 40hrs a week and cant even afford 1 car. nothings wrong here.
Impressive
Down to zero bmws… you should go buy a lottery ticket, you certainly are lucky!
Kept all the important cars. Kudos!
Willy sings a song-https://youtu.be/HvDwskVIBbg
Lol big reason for selling is Missouri property tax law. You have to pay property tax on each car you own at the end of year. Hoovies just trying to avoid a fat bill
How does that work? Most states if you sell 5 cars or transfer 5 titles you have to get a dealer license after that.
hmm. A lot of those were already over priced and you get asking or over asking and dont sell. Kind of unethical. What it sounds like is ohh I should even ask for more. not a good look.
What a fucking joke. All that shit and he only sold the cheap ones. Zero respect for his viewers, baiting like that. Never watching it again.
Trade the BMW Z8 to the car ninja for free lifetime service of all hoopties
That Hotel del Coronado is over $400 a night! Also where is Grandma's Mercedes SL?
The 4.6is is fine. Needs the cyclone valve and the butterfly on the back of the intake. And do all those shitty hoses while it's off
Did he sell Apollo 911?
Hoovie: “I’m selling all my cars.”  Also Hoovie: *sells all the junk and keeps all the good cars.
All the evidence you need that taxes aren't nearly high enough
Isn't the hotel Coronado like super haunted??
So when is wizards yacht selling video coming?
Whats the status on the Pimp My Ride van?
where’s his grandmas mercedes ???
Can we talk about that arcade there in the back of the garage?
I might have bought a car if I wasn't so far from Hoovie. I can only imagine the pain for parting ways of some many cars that felt like dear friends. Keep doing you!
Hoovie you sold most of your cars but still own a dream collection! Haha getting rid of the chump change in your pocket
One doesn’t experience self-transcendence, the illusion of self only dissipates.🎈
I own 4 vehicles at the moment and somehow I can’t imagine selling any of them. They each have their purpose and even 2 are going up in value: 06 Lexus ls430 (business meetings) 2011 rx350 (family trips) 02 Honda s2k for open air driving and 02 e46m3 for mountain carving 🐲🐲
If the Maybach had a clean title, why did you need to change it to salvage, then back to rebuilt? Couldn't you just leave it?
Hmmm, selling all his cars all of a sudden? I wonder if Wizard has ever worked on a Bugatti Chiron???  😁🍻
https://youtu.be/ZxW8rj4NSfo
I'm not a Corvette freak, but I would never sell that Corvette.....
7:12 you definitely called him “urination bob” and I cannot be convinced otherwise.
It’s refreshing to see someone who does not take themselves too seriously. And is brutally honest. I agree the car obsession doesn’t make sense to anyone that thinks cars are just appliances with wheels.
Did he sell the merc SLS?
He sold all his junk cars and all overly priced. Good luck too all who bought his junk 😃
I'd venture to guess that 80% of newer trucks rotting in fields are Dakotas. Junk. Sell that pig. Haha
Don't know whether to laugh or cry...I don't think Hoovie does either.
This seems easy to me.  Hoovie has an eye for money + most inflated used car prices ever = sell and make a shit load of money
With YouTube $$ rolling in you can afford to lose some. A how much I lost video would recoup the loss?
Please Tyler, solve that gap in the headlight of the Ferrari. It's extremelly annoying to see that in such a beautiful car...
I see divorce.
I'm selling all my cars, well actually I'm keeping the good ones and selling the rest.
Did you call him Urination Bob? that's mean!
You could had started a cars & bids competitor with all those cars!
Hoovie,  With regards to investments - pigs eat and hogs get slaughtered.
Tyler, TK has located the scammer, his name is Christopher Gumbs from Kansas City, Kansas.  He has turned all of his info over to the FBI!  Get in touch with TK so you can get his info for the other person who got scammed.
????
Can't wait to see why Hoovie has a goat riding shotgun!
You need a big “Buy. Sell” wheel that you can spin in your garage. Divided up like a pie with buy and sell sections
You sold your Grandma’s Mercedes?!?!
Grandma's Mercedes Benz????
This could only happen in the 21st century!
I would love that E38 but import tax in Europe is a bitch
Ahh those lambos, reminds me of riding in them with Gary Kildall when I was a kid.  What you need Hoovie is a Lambo Rambo. Do any even exist anymore?!?!
So you really sold your dross and never intended to sell some of the cars but of a porky pie telling everyone you were selling all your cars
Welcome to hoviies commercials. Been watching for years but you need to change it up.
You should refund that guy, 2000$ ain’t gonna hurt you my guy
Basically only sold one collector car. The Mustang.
I bet his neighbors are happy to see the cars gone. Now the big question is what is he going to replace those cars with?
So sell most the real-world cars and keep the millionaire toys? Kinda confirms the increasingly unrelatable direction of the channel. Keeping a 30+ year-old Lambo in which you don't even fit seems craziest of all, especially when chumps are willing to pay $450k.
You should buy a Gallardo, huracan and aventador
I’m almost excited though, this brings us right back to where old hoovie was plus now he has a ton of money to invest. If this means what I think we will have a great rest of year and next year as far as hoovie videos which we all can’t get enough of.
Did he sell the alpina to M539 Restorations?
Tyler seems like a good dude and I’m happy for his success. Does anyone know what line of work earned the capital to fund this venture? I don’t know what his day job is/was.
Can you say collector or sell out???
Out Run 2, great game!
Man if I had more garage space I probably would've found a way to get that 740i Sport
Just straightforward good consistent content.
wish he kept the old merc for sentimental reasons, but happy he didnt actually get rid of everything like the 348 or the countach
Bro you need to make some driving content when your vet
I pay for a YouTube subscription so that I domt have to see commercials. Thanks policy genius.
How much did the bmw 740 I sell for ? If anyone knows please comment. I would appreciate it . I love that car
Awww, your privilege.
I have 11 cars and everyone says sell some now and double your money, but I would have to replace them for more money........
hey bro.....how much cash do you have now ?
what about the car his grandmother gave him? (white mercedes, i think) ?
You now need to fill a large vault full of gold coins and well dive into it Scrooge McDuck style!
you r audio is really quiet
✈️ so does this mean your YouTube channel is gone ?
Thanks for keeping the 348. It’s my favorite
Only sold the cars he was at a loss, clearly harvesting some tax savings before the end of the year. Brilliant!
Lists cars for sale, decides not to sell (some)....classic clickbait.
Selling cars that you dont want to sell?
Yea does that mean you will go away now
11 on trending? Good for you hoovie
Sold the boring dull as dishwater shit, kept the cream investment cars including the Lamborghinis and the Z8 so just an all round smart move.  Pity the Mk1 Sprite had to go.  Kept the Porsches including the Speedster so well done there.  Dunno about the Azure ticking time bomb but all in all Tyler you have displayed business acumen I did not think you possessed.  I see you in a new light.  There is nothing dumb about your new direction.  Cheers from OZ.
What did you do with the sls amg?
How much for that red one in the corner?
Big fan Hoovie! Following from Australia ‼️🌏🇦🇺
Great, another Youtube channel murdered my MotorTrend
Only today, after seeing the sign, do I realise you're saying EUROASIAN BOB.  It sounds like URINATION BOB, and I didn't really want to know why...
Glad to know you kept the Countach and the Nassau Vette I would have been depressed if you sold them I am still missing seeing the Apollo in videos still sad over that car. I havent kept up with all of your videos so if you ever fixed it I missed that one
The Alfa Romeo!!
Have you ever thought of doing Voice over work? You have a great speaking voice. Just a thought.🇬🇧👍
Am I the only one that thought it was Urination Bob? 🤣
I've been on Autotempest the past month car hunting and didn't see 1 of yours in all the listings. I was really hoping to catch one.
You declined $450,000 for a 33, almost 34 year old car that averages for $360,000? The most expensive car you sold was $55,000? I know this is the dumbest automotive channel on YouTube but Dude, imagine what you could buy with that $90,000.
all we know is this Hoovie guy made bank.. or bought a ton of crypto 😅
Wow! Great update! Lots of changes, happy you are still doing the dream team, looking forward to that
18:13 ahahahaha
I love the Star Trek reference 😂
How do you classify Hoovie? Is he a compulsive lier or just a simple Clickbaiter? 29/10/2021 Listing all 40 of my cars FOR SALE (Goodbye Hooptie Fleet) "Wizzard ...I'm selling everything!" 10/11/2021 I've sold a lot of cars... But This one is not for sale, this one neither... and this one i want to keep, and this one... and this one too.... Finally he only sold the junk and kept the good cars
Does it pester anyone else that the Car Issues post is slightly lower that the YouTube award?!
I knew not to bother emailing, the 3 cars I wanted, the Vette, the Subaru/Porsche, and the Ferrari, Hoovie wasn’t selling.
You kept some sweet rides, especially the Vette.
Didn’t hear about the SLS 🧐
interest rates!
I still haven't gotten through the video...but the Z8, that's the one I can not fathom ever selling if it were even possible to have one.  Edit: Comment written literally 10 seconds before saying it's not being sold.
I'm almost certain you are saying "Urination Bob"
SLS gone???
I just sold my pride and joy, i know how you feel :(
So Jurassic Jeep survived the great purge then?
pula
😢
"I'm not very techy." We know, Hoovie. You made a Yahoo email address.
Says "I was offered X amount over what i payed for it/have in it" through the whole video but still always try to play everything of as "rare win". Kinda pisses me off....dude you are smart with money, stop trying to fool us.
12:07 Disgusting what some people will do to take advantage of others, absolutely disgusting !
Now close the channel.
Maybe just let those scammed people drive the car? At least they would get something
I’m so glad he kept the countach, that’s my favorite car and it’s a great investment ad well.
The white Alfa Romeo 164 should be the first car you buy after selling everything !
I'm happy you kept the Countach. That is a piece of automotive history.
Hoovie whatever happened to the Park Avenue Ultra? That's the one I always wanted lol
let me guess, next video from @tavarish is going to be, "I Sold Almost Everything"
Tyler Hoovie-a man after my own heart...keeping mostly the same cars that I would have also kept in his position.  Gotta admire his taste in keepers.  Also, hope karma bites his impersonator/scammer in the ass someday. 🙌🙏🙏🙌🌀🌋⚡🗿 God's will be done!
You hit 8th on trending tonight! Congrats! 🤘
Waw 👇  https://youtu.be/wGfkFGLHfSU
Im sure the interested buyers on your Bentley would have been absolutely ruining their lives upon buying them! I wonder if you were worried you were never going to hear the end of it
Sad to see the Cars go but it was getting silly. I’d rather have four that absolutely were dream Cars or exciting to forty that just sit around being problems. But my big take off the clip is you stayed in the “ Some like it hot” hotel - I’d love to stay there. 😁👍
Thank you for keeping the Corvette, I was most worried about that one.
It was me
And this is why Hoovie still has the dumbest channel in automotive history...also-sadly...i lost interest several months ago, and didn't even bother trying to buy a car off him, since I'm on like a $1.5k car budget(or less)...I'm like the kind of customer The Wizard tries to avoid-because my cars aren't worth sorting out-and I can't pay for labor/parts with a song.  I still proudly adorn my 2000 Beetle GLS switchblade key with the official Hoovies Garage Hooptie keychain tag though...so I guess there's that =)  thanks for the memories! ❤  What i really want to buy off him is that Star Trek TNG sign thingy on his garage wall....it's been my #1 interest belonging to Tyler for the past 3 or 4 years...is it signed by any cast members!?
i want that goldeneye arcade game!!!
It will be soon upto 40 cars again. Maybe this year haha.
Give the Countach to your kids, when you retire. They, can take care of you and their own family, when they sell it
No not the frogeye! I'll miss it looking happy in the background on the lift :(
Dumb and Proud
Wizard dealing with an Alfa 164 🤩
That 164 there....
It wasn't your grandmother's Mercedes you sold, was it?
When I saw qiz with a mag I was like I hope he hits hoov
❤👍
I love seeing Hoovie and the Wizard together.
if you sold someo of these cars for what you said in the video some people got a steal like the guy who bought the WORLDS CHEAPEST FASTBACK MUSTANG since they normally sell for north of 100,000$ USD
🔥 Bugatti coming soon
Don't sell the vette Tyler...
Something stinks here. You all post vids to sell all car at the same damn time. Even Richard Hammond did it.
Whoever bought the Ferrari 456 got a real deal
The 740i gone 🥺
If season 1 still isn't in Australia, I doubt I will get to see Season 2 this decade either,  unless they do the smart thing and license out to Netflix or Amazon.
The Azure is still by far my favorite. Call me crazy but for me the JCVD ownership makes it priceless
If the car wizard was a dentist, it would be like telling him you have had all your teeth pulled 😁
I'm sad you never got back to me about if you shipped to australia :( I really wanted that car. You didn't even email me back.
Kinda sad that the Riptide Blue Escalade and Suburban have to go, but at least most of my favorite cars are still there. I just hoped there was more screen time on the Tesla
I'll offer you $1 for the Diablo. Then start my own Youtube channel and put a Tesla motor in it. Call it the green machine.
love how all the youtubers are taking advantage of the used car sale market lol
It seems like selling all those cars with car prices this high was a good move.
I'm sorry about the people who got scammed, but I'm glad the 348 is sticking around. We all know how much you enjoy that car. Also glad the Diablo is still around (even though it is so much trouble).
Would you like to hear some good news? This is the best news you'll hear. Everyone, including you and me, has sinned and falls short of God's glory (Romans 3:23). And because the wages of sin is death (Romans 6:23) you are headed for Hell for eternity. But because God loves you, He graciously offers you the gift of Eternal Life through Jesus Christ. Jesus died for your sins on the cross. He took the punishment you deserve, and He rose again on the 3rd day. If you believe this and confess that you need Jesus as your savior, then you are saved (Romans 10:9,10),  and regardless of what you may have done, there is no condemnation for you if you are in Christ Jesus (Romans 8:1). You are saved by what Jesus did on the cross, not what you do. Salvation is simple and free. "For God so loved the world, that He gave His only Begotten Son, that whosoever believes in Him shall not perish, but have eternal life."
Hoodie: “Nobody wants to do their job these day”  Me: “been say that for years”….
If you dont want people to want to buy the cars you dont want to sell then.... dont use a thumbnail headind  that said ALL your cars for sale ....reverse click bait ...
It's interesting how Americans have titles to cars and they can just hand it over quite easily. In Australia it's almost impossible to do this. You have to sign alot of papers and then go to motor transport to do it all
Hoovie: “I’m gonna sell my entire fleet!” Also Hoovie: Sells 57% of fleet.
Love the channel! I noticed you have a GoldenEye pinball machine and some driving games in the garage now that your cars are gone ☹️. If you even need work on the games or want to sell those too lol, let me know! That's what I do for a living now.
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO  don't sell the Corvet
The Riptide blue Escalade was awesome. The guy that got it will for sure enjoy it.
Just straightforward good consistent content.
You should sell your countach to Stradman since he is interrested to buying one 😃
The guy who sold Movement Watches preaches about Karma,, hahahahah
That one 456 headlight sagging a little bit
The title should be: Rich youtubers smell the coming financial disaster sell their assets at the top price dumping it on the noobs to take the dip
How much did you make your did you take a loss
bruh imagine having hoovie as your neighbor 🤣 sounds like a good time 🤟🏻i’m sure someone complains in there
Don’t oversell the “Poor Boy” image you WILL lose viewers
The suspense is killing me Hoovies ! If I counted right, you told us about 14 cars you kept. (Well, you didn't tell us about Apollo 911 and the Targa either but I guess I already know how it went, and selling the SL was never an option). So what did happen to the E36 M3/Pimp My Ride Van/Fury Police Car/SLS/Jurassic Park Jeep/Cobra R/Towncar Limo/Jimny/DB7 ?
i know a pitbull named karma and it can run faster than any person can ;)
HUGE shoutout to Hoovie for honoring the deals from the scammer. Just shows how decent a guy Hoovie is.
Did the Suzuki sell??
my boy hit the trending page!
What ever happened to the Maserati? Did he sell that too?
How were you able to sell all your cars when Nebraska has a law on how many cars you can sell in a year? Next time on Hoovies Garage, Hoovie gets sued by the DMV!
I’m so happy to see you keeping the lambos. Those 3 you need to keep
I bet Hoovie uses Daddy Doug's site next time he does a mass sell-off...
Love the video BUT the boring Lambos are still here and the 73 benz is gone so..👎🏻👎🏻🙈sorry
Am I the only one who actually hopes Hoovie finds another car that comes in Riptide Blue?
The 7 seies BMW, you didn't meet the seller , you met the  buyer ....
Welcome to the insurance advert ! Not much else left !
video I liked it a lot ,keep up the great work. WOW very interesting 1st class very kool great info.,, AAAAAAAAAAA++++++++++++ again great
*Hey, to you reading* .. you are loved in this moment, just as you are, here's how we know: "For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whoever believes in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.”
So the insurance company messed up and didn’t write of the maybach, keeping its clean title, and now he’s going to undo his lucky opportunity.
There is still a pink jeep in the background.
Countach still in the fleet, I’m happy
sell everything! there is no chance a countach will cost 500k+ after 5 years.
Insider trading??? The used car market is crazy good at the moment!!! You would be the dumbest automotive channel in all of youtube if you owned 40+ cars and not sell some!! But i do wonder why 3 good friends decide to sell most of there cars now?? since the market has been hot for a year now??
Wanted that jimny, never got a response :(
you know it couldve been way worse but yeah it sucks that people will take advantage of good will....I do hope your spending habits have made you learn a lesson id say 20cars is a good limit lol unlike this guy that had like 600 in warehouse like last year and sold most of them hahaha.
I love the First Contact quote! 😆 "The line must be drawn HERE! This far and no further!" 💙🖖🏼
what happen to the pimp my ride van did he sell that ?
What about the DeLorean?
HOOVIE PLEASE WHAT ABOUT YOUR MIATA!?!
I'm happy that he kept the countach and the other ones. Don't sell those
Just straightforward good consistent content.
Now I need to go through the older videos because I want to know more about that lift!
Back in about 2004, I had a chance to play with a standard 1997 SWB BMW 740i (just a base-spec car) for a week or so. By play, I mean putting it through its paces in on some of the best mountain roads you'll ever see (Tail of the Dragon region) as well as normal driving. Since I was extremely familiar with those roads and had driven a hell of a lot of excellent cars on them, including many of the most legendary BMWs of the '80s and '90s, I could make direct comparisons. This base-spec 740i was the best road car I'd ever driven -- truly and absolutely "The Ultimate Driving Machine".
Except for the Escalade, sounds like you got sold exactly what you wanted. The SWB 740i and M5 are losses for sure. Especially if you have a trusted BMW mechanic.
Hey Tyler l just noticed your house is next to high voltage power lines, that is definitely not great to live next to. I would buy a meter that checks how much radiation is near you.
is that youre mint suzuki sierra in the back? i hope thats one of the cars coming!
TK from TKs Garage tracked him down! 🤣 He is on the case!
I for one hope that the used luxury and exotic market is crashing. I just want an Aston.
this video sucks
TRY NOT TO SING OR DANCE #1 - ANIME EDITION | IMPOSSIBLE!!! (2021) : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y2XiwrJp7w8&ab_channel=Kurowolf
I'm so up set you sold the 66 Mustang Your a sell out now . I am upset with you. Tyler Butt Head.
damn i really wanted that red firebird!
I wish I had corvette like that
Can’t believe you sold the mustang
Awww, the Mustang was crying😥
You didn't sell me the 76 Mercedes. Damn It!
This used car bubble (and it IS a bubble) is not sustainable.  Eventually enough people are going to wake up and ask themselves, "tell me again why I am paying $25k for an '04 Cavalier on cinder blocks with broken windows and a busted drivetrain?"
Honestly I sent an email and wanted to buy the WS-6 and never got a response but it is what it is =P
So. Hoovie didn’t actually sell any “desirable” cars.
I knew you wouldn’t sell that Z8. I guess it’s time for new cars .
We appreciate quality dumb.  This is high class dumbness.  Carry on :-)
Wow, Hoovie... I don't usually complain about things like this but you just sold off probably close to a million dollars worth of cars, you can back off on the check mark for how many commercials you are stuffing into a 20 minute video. There was at least four interruptions of two commercials each. Please stop doing that ...you don't need that kind of revenue any more. You're doing fine. Kill the ads, please.
I see a running theme of doctors buying the cars... I guess that makes sense, with how expensive all the interesting cars have gotten, only doctors can afford to buy them anymore.
Used to love watching Hoovies Garage, pity now the volume is too low to watch............
Thank goodness you are not selling that Dakota Rt … I have a weakness for older trucks
The Wizard is crying cause he just lost 35% of his revenues for next year with the cars that Hoovie sold.  Serves him right, his prices are ridiculous even for Hoovie!
BUY Bitcoin or Ethereum Tyler -
New projects 🥶
Next video - Wizard sells his boats.
Hoovies empty garage
Well finally some of the crap is gone.  Sorry but let's be real. You had so many cars that you would never drive em. You kept most of the great ones.  3 Lambos good.  C2 Corvette nice!  Now you need to get a better SUV for the kids. Like a nice Urus. 4 Lambos.  So you can Call Stradman And say Bro  we Lambo bros bud!
Car  hoarder. :I don't want to sell it"
I would freaking KILL for one of those OutRun 2 cabs. Round1 doesn't have it and it's my favorite arcade game of all time.
If you knew you didn’t want to sell them, why did you list them? I think that was a bit unethical of you.
If the car wasn't a 100% or more loss the Texas issues a clean title but with a "total loss" reported. Once it's totaled for over the 100% value they issue a "salvage" title. Sounds like you did more work then needed on the Maybach.
I totally got that Picard reference.
SELL the COUNTACH  Dammit !!
--->https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLzAUj5DNHXSkV2jxoRVVlyohxphQK-S9R --->https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLzAUj5DNHXSlhjwzn3utvcw6XKujKjb0C
Vertical price rises… means great time to sell… the collapse in prices is coming, just not yet.
hey can you do more volkswagen van restoration and resale it like this in the future?!
What a scam, Hoovie is an indecisive dude...
I better come back with over 1K subs
Z8   stays  YES !!!
You sold grandma’s car?!
It’s like listening to an addict
I’m not an attorney, but what that impersonator did is wire fraud, which is a felony and a federal crime. You and the defrauded parties should let the police and the FBI know about that. They’re very good at catching those people.
Goonsquad also put all of there cars up for sale.
Could have something to do with the new tax plan, they are taxing you for every vehicle that produces emissions in your possession. You own. 8 cars? Well prepare to pay 1500 dollars a piece for every one signed into your name. BIDEN CAN SUCK IT.
Wizard is beating Hoovie with a paper since, Hoovies Hoopty’s bought him 3 Yacht’s and now he might have to sell one. Previous paper beating was for overworking Wizard haha
i sold my 6.3 to the orthopedic surgeon for the atlanta falcons.  who else could afford to keep up that ridiculous beast?
So like, why?
So you think BAT is realistic market values and then renege on sales? That’s bad business but you seem passionate about some of the cars so thumbs up on the Countach and Corvette. Also keep grandma’s MBZ. My Nana left me her 1968 Mustang which my aunt stole and then gave to her step son who sold it last year after 20 years without even calling me. Keep that one, above all.
I don’t know how you did it hoovie. I sell one car I’m depressed for a couple weeks. You sold all of them lol 😂 but I know more are to come so I share your depression and excitement at the same time buddy.  Never mind lol 😂 spoke too soon
https://youtube.com/shorts/isFj46XEH9E?feature=share
It’s so sick that you had thirty cars to sell! Quite the accomplishment.
Nice on the trending list!
Very restrained when talking about your impersonator, not sure I could have done it that well!
Hoovie:. "I am selling all of my cars!" Buyers: "I will buy your car!" Hoovie: "No!  Not for sale" John Temerian: "HA! Welcome to the club!"
does he ever take a breath ?
good dont buy a car anymore
Man everyone is selling their cars.  Tavarish, Hammond from Top Gear.  What’s going on?
Buy a Subaru Baja Turbo.
Wow. Empty garage. Some really nice unique cars. This covid... situation has really created this market. Yes even the insurance leg work is typical for government and corporate laziness they're excusing now with covid.
Did he belch while talking???
Richard Hammond just sold his collection. You guys are gonna sink the market.
I can already imagine that Tavarish and him are just swapping inventories.
Darn. Really wanted to get the Riptide Blue Escalade.
Buy a 2009 S8 Audi V10 and throw money into it ! I would like to see more Audi cars
WHYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY?????  WHY THE 740i Sport ????????????????????
Maybe I missed this: Did he sell the Mercedes SLR and the Mercedes Convertible? I know they had serious sentimental value but didn't see it in the video.
Dang Wizard! Looks like you've been working on your self! Live long and prosper dude.🖖 Always a joy seeing you in the vids. (Live long and Yacht on!).
TYLER HOOVER! THE SOUND YOU HERE IN THE MERCI IS THE HOLE DIRECTLY BELOW YOU!
500k people watch a video of a guy telling us he sold cars..... and only a fraction thumbs down....is the world dumb now?
The easiest way to get all of your 40 cars gone is to have 40 affairs with women  and reveal all of the woman that you had affairs
Did you sell your Mercedes SL your grandfather  owned?
List the pink jeep.
Hoovies hit A 40 cars with one stone. Like smooth stone sliding on water 🌊 Boss 👑 23
Sell me the Waggy 🙏🏼
Don’t stop the selling now
Well at least you have capital now to purchase more!
Wow... lie even more Hoovie.. like you lost money.. Not make me come there and learn you how to lose money :)
good guy Hoovie putting a nice orange banner under the ad so it's easy to know when to skip forward to ;)
Audio is low. As usual
I bet Ed was doing it because the market is way better than it has been for selling in awhile
Aw man that Jimny in the background!
Grandmas car?
Thanks for atleast giving me a "no I sold it" email back to my 3 emails to you. Kinda shitty to ignore a fan that offered cash and to be there in 3 hours, not 6 hours after you posted the video.
Hoovie, you’re making me really nervous. I know you didn’t specifically mention Grandma’s Mercedes, so please please please reassure me that you didn’t sell Grandma’s Mercedes so I don’t have to worry about it anymore. Put my mind at ease, show me Grandma’s Mercedes and verify for me that it is still in your possession.
You tricked me!  You cleared the garage and then show me all the cars you’re not selling!
As someone who stays at del Coronado quite often, I’m sad I didn’t see hoodie there :(
You should get a full body PPF on the Countach.
The last line is why I still love this channel. " Hey guys I'm just going to keep buying cool broken cars and show you them get fixed". It's the best. Nothing crazy, nothing elaborate. Just straightforward good consistent content.
I love your theme song. It reminds me of 80s TV talk show endings when I was a kid. Plus I like cars!
What'll you take for the barbie jeep
The last month or so it feels as the videos are rushed. I like the videos from a year or so go nod before.
Beautiful prowler. Happy for the new owner 🥇
Never never ever sell that Z8!
I didn't catch whether you sold the SLS or not, but if you did, that's insane.
If cars were stocks, Hoovie is warren buffet. Buys tons of vehicles at ultra low values and sells them at the height of the market. Love to see it.
It truly is the dumbest automotive channel on Youtube. I think Hoovie got himself in financial trouble, thus the fire sale lol
I'm just glad you kept the Lamborghinis. I watch your channel just to get a glimpse of all 3. I still haven't seen a Diablo in person. I live here in Wichita, across the street from Towne East Square. Maybe tomorrow I can just go to The Wizard's shop and see it. Nah, I don't want to bother The Wizard. He has a lot of work to do. I am a U.S. Navy Veteran though and tomorrow is Veteran's Day. Maybe he won't mind.
Gawd I want that range rover sport
15:30 You sold your H1 Hummer after you got everything fixed with new parts, for only $55,000??? Those are worth $100K plus as rust buckets. You could have gotten at least $85K for it. SMH
Got some nice cars left though !
Jean luc picard would never sell his little ships
If you sell the Diablo , you are dead to me.
Just leave it a clean title not your issue plus car fax will show accident history anyways. Savlage title you loose $$.
It seems like Hoovie has bested Ed Bolian on manipulating the market with that Countauch.
I don't know about you, but I'd be pretty pissed off if I met his asking price, and he said, "Piss off - I changed my mind."
Divorces are rough my friend 😔
Yoo
The M5 is going to a “friend of mine” aka a former friend of mine, then I sold the two most reliable SUV’s that I owned in favor of my Range Rover…. I realize why you say it’s the dumbest automotive channel on YouTube!
Lol brother i swear i would had done the same thing if i was in your shoes.. Sell all the cars i really don't mind selling and keep all the cars i can not sell because i love them to much. lol
Captain Picard would be proud Tyler, make it so.
BC who wouldn't want a car worked over by the WIZARD?
If you can read body language then you saw the Wizards cancelling a yacht purchase.
Cant believe you sold the convertible Mercedes that your grandma gave you
What are you doing with all the money?
Tyler still has the Rolls & both Lamborghinis. The Car Wizard is still in good shape.
Woaaaàáâäæãåāh!!!!!!!!!
Just do a LS swap on the Bentley...lol!
How much for the cardboard cutout of Hoovie? 💕   (Maybe that guy keeps it in the back of his Hummer.)
Man, I wish you would have kept that Mustang.
Did you sell the Mercedes SL?
Hoovie is a Star Trek geek? "The line must be drawn HERE!"
I want to see a tour of his house. That thing is nice!
I see that electric car in the back in pink plastic how much for your daughter’s ride?
X5s are total disasters ....... as a former X5 owner I couldn't agree more.
bro, you still have problems with hoarding cars :P
Hoovie’s karma will end up running over the scammer’s dogma.
I want a car wizard tractor update
I always thought Hoovie was saying "EuroNation Bob" which sounded a lot like "Urination Bob" 😂
Thank you for keeping the 348.  I would have detachment issues if you sold it.
I can only wonder what Tyler makes in YouTube monies. He lost $ on all cars sold but he has his head above water, and not due to his other job. Good job, Hoovie!
Wow, the book keeping must be horrendous. Bookkeeping? Bahhhh.
So, you had an opportunity to sell at least a few cars which would have enabled you to recoup a great deal if the the money that you have invested in purchases and repairs in the the past. But, you decide to keep those cars which you admittedly state that you rarely have a chance to drive. You also said that the most expensive car you sold was 55 grand! Therefore, although I love both you and your channel, please try to refrain from crying about your repair bills and all the various and sundry other bills that you say are weighing you down! If you want to keep acquiring cool and expensive cars and not sell any of the other ones, you will be in the same situation again very soon. So while I love seeing your new stuff, please stop complaining about your finances unless it’s just part of your Schlick ! Still love you Hoovie !
That 7 series will forever be the one that got away for me!!
15:47  I caught that movie trivia line.....  🖖
Well you know... once you get cash from sales, you can start shopping again. there is nothing more fun than car shopping. good job!
Do the right thing, Tyler.  Wizard it, then sell it for the asking price, less $2,000.  I mean, make 2 videos about it, and then go find another car.  You're a YouTuber, for F$#( sake.
15:26 Hoovie's channel in a nutshell.
Tyler your audio in your videos are all over the place. Im constantly turning the volume up and down trying to listen to what your saying
Did you sell the jimny?
Got rid of every car with exception of your pink power wheel jeep. Smart move bro
Can we get a spreadsheet that shows price you paid, the amount to maintain/ repair, and the sale price?
i have a amazing idea for you give a car a free at random too one of your subs can you imagine an hears a good one tax deductable isnt that delisious
You owe it to John to sell him the Countach since you renegged on your previous deal.
Bonus points for the Picard reference, lol
This is a comment.
Must be a lot of bad teeth in your state lol
I’m tempted in that x5 for $4500. I could fix it since I’m a master BMW technician. 🤔
Bless you for KEEPING the Countach. That car alone will be reaching 1M in no time.
Karma will catch up fasho
I said it before and I'll say it again, people like you and the Wizard are what make the US the great country it is. 👍
nice alfa romeo 164 there wizard that keep you busy lol
OK, he is definitely not saying "Euroasian" Bob. I know he is saying it quick, but all I hear is urination.
Hoovie get whacked on the head either way, like a dog that just peed on the carpet.
I get why you would want the insurance company to do your title work for you, but, their job is to total or not total a vehicle, it's not their job to rebuild a title for someone that wants to rebuild a vehicle they totaled. lol. That would be kinda like me buying a vehicle from you and wanting you to go down and have it put into my name. lol.
Got money for shoeing cars...then sold cats for money and now making money on posting said cars.  It gets boring.  Before I talk about making money, here is a word from my sponsor to make more money. ;)    Great time to sell.  The market is about 3 months from collapse.
You should make a trip over to Ninja too and let him know you kept the Z8 so he can stop worrying. I've never seen him so happy as when he's around that thing.
hoovie knew a collapse is coming so he sold out very smart
The Corvette is still my favorite by far
Stop rambling....
Nice First Contact reference Hoovie!
Has bid daddy Doug DeMuro disowned you for not listing everything on Cars and Bids?
How much for the carpet ?
I’m glad you kept the Lamborghinis and Ferrari’s!
He didn't mention his grandmother's Mercedes, but I'm sure it's a keeper for him.
i’m so happy that you’re keeping the Ferrari 348
Ok so seeing the sign EUROASIAN was the first time I worked out the guys name wasn't Urination Bob 🤣🤣🤣
It was a bloodbath!
Damn sad
Hoovie is is going full EV.  Write that down.
Congratulations
Why didn't you use Cars and Bids? Could have been a great cross promotion with you and Doug!
Man, f that scammer -- guess a lesson learned for all. Sorry to hear about that and here's hoping that the buyers can recover their deposit money.
Good, now you can clean that junky garage.
Knew you wouldn't sell the Beck.
How is freddy
Dude you're so smart because the prices of cars are up right now and you hopefully made a killing off of them. If you didn't then you're not that smart lol
Savage Tyler: Dentist or Doctor?   That poor dentist telling people he's a doctor and Hoovie destroys his life by making the distinction that they aren't the same lol
So he sold most cheap junk
I presume you kept the one your Grandmother gave you.
I think you should put one of the cars in a $1 per entry "WIN" contest . Announce the winner on Christmas or New years. Depending on car? You should get enough money to cover cost of car?? Could even donate some of the proceeds to charity for tax credit for both you & contestant's
He’s a good scam artist.  Whata fake.
I would never sell the Ferrari with the capristo exhaust....
You sold 10 cars to Euro Asian Bob. I bet easily for $10k loss then your asking prices, maybe $20k maybe more. Well atleast Urination Bob can't be upset with you
I can't believe you sold the 73' mercedes.
I like how I can hear Tanner's drift Passat in the background 🤣🤣🤣
A fool is soon parted with his cars.....
oooh his name is EuroAsian Bob i thought it was urination bob LOL
airbag the countach
I hope the sprite goes to a good home. One of my favourite cars.
Ooh nice 164 in the Weeezurds background.
Car Wizard trying to off load his Yacht as we speak.
👍👀
Trending! Hell yes Hoovies!!!
Time for some JDM goodies.
No lie, I thought the guy was named Urination Bob until I saw his business filmed for this video.
The SLS?
Did I miss something where is your old SL
I’m asking myself why I’m sad that you sold some of your cars. It’s odd how we connect with total strangers on YouTube. After watching so many videos one feels connected and invested in some way. Cheers and thanks for all the entertainment!
You always make me laugh and I learn a lot too!  Thanks Hoovie!
When “most” is “way less than half”
Did you sell your Grandma’s Benz?
There are loads of similar channels creating the same tedious bolx. Get rid of your comrade and do something original, please !
Any 80s Countach federalized for the US is an overrated pile of ugliness and crap. Should have sold it as soon as you saw the "record" prices being paid.
❤️ First Contact
Hoovie sells cars and makes money wow good job
Thank God you kept the Lambo's!!!
#8 trending…what could be more interesting than this?
Hoovie, I noticed your star trek picture wasn't hanging on the wall in ur garage anymore....where it go?
thers the JAGELLE up sittim proud
Richard Hammond coped you.
Hoovie, don't wanna tell you what you need to do but if I were you I would sell the Ferrari to that scammed guy just to make up for him.
The Picard quote 😅 Love it! ST for the win!
Where did the SLS go?
The sadness from not getting to that sweet red WS6 in time ☹️
Down vote for the 20 minute 12 second infomercial in the middle of this.
I see what you did with that Star Trek reference...
IS he gonna get rid of his Mercedes that's white the one he has had forever?
17 cars left. 17=Q
I thought this dude said he was selling everything now he's not?
Congrats to the mustang buyer that was my favorite.
Personally, I wouldn't ever sell the Countache, and just enjoy it as is. I always hate hearing about people having awesome cars ,and not driving them because they don't want its worth to go down!! I get it, especially having a huge youtube channel, but I think he needs more cars that he doesn't stress about the value.
Did hoovie have to sell these as terms of the new show he mentioned?
Probably the only person curious if he sold that Car Issues ZJ. L
Drive in movies with blankets and pillows? Hoodie you dog 😉
I'm alternately sad but also excited for whatever goofy shit you're gonna buy next.
〤
Hoovies Garage Season 2
Did Hoovie sell his Grandma’s Mercedes??  Hoovie, you didn’t!?!
👍👍
Excited for the future cars :D
And we thought u bumped your head. glad to see the fleet lives on and has space for new hoovies
Did he sell his Testarossa?
Hoovie: all of my cars are for sale. Except they aren’t really. I’m selling most of them to a dealership and keeping the other half even though people were willing to pay my asking price.  Disappointed buyers: You sir, sit on a throne of lies!
If you sold your first SL, I am going to be very disappointed in you.  Mainly because you should have gifted it to me!  LOL.  The 73 MB kinda hurts too.  How is the wizard gonna buy another yacht!
Feel bad for the guy who bought the GMC Suburban. I know it only has 125,000 miles, but its still 27 year old truck
I can't believe that you sold Grandma's Mercedes!
"Riptide Blue". DRINK!
GO HOOVIE NUMBER 9 TRENDING!!!
I was cringing when I saw you were selling your cars. Glad to see you kept the ones I liked the most. 66 Corvette, BMW Z-8, Lambourghini's, Ferrari 348(was it). Good Hoovie!!! Good Hoovie!!!
5:10 is that his wife and kid? Or did he take random pics of other families like a creep?
Bad Hoovie!
just sell what you can sell with profit man
You have got to work on pronunciation! This whole time I thought you were saying "Urination Bob"!!!
I am glad you kept the corvette.
Urination Bob!
The power lines in Hoovie's back yard make me think of the Belushi/Aykroyd movie Neighbors.
Glad you are keeping the 348. That's my favourite car in your collection.
I totally said "This far, no farther" at the same time :-D
That’s what you get for not using Cars and Bids… who do you think the scammer was??
What's the reason for the sale off? Tax bill?
Hoovie went from a failed dealership to a failed youtube channel. Now what? Time to check out the "CARS-N-BIDS" dude.
“Can’t imagine having to think about 40 cars at a time” standing in front of a full garage 😂
I was just waiting for the corvette  and thankfully  you didn't sell it
Good for you. Sell your losers and keep your winners.
Cranberry sauce from a can... MMMmmmmMmmm😂😩
Only car I would like to know about was your first car did it stay in the hooptie fleet
I’m surprised you did not sell the Countach…dump that geriatric Supercar before something serious shits the bed…same with the Diablo find a dealer willing to take it off your hands and send it.
HOOVIE! I’ll take the X5.
Got a report last month and it shows 47 cars and bikes registered in my name, they asked me if I'm a pro ... then I saw the first video when he decides to sell a half and one day I will do exactly what he's done, if I take the time to think I don't want to sell any
-  👍 👍 🔧  -
Serves him right wizard 😂😂
Karma exists.  When and where is unknown.
What is the car to the right of the Diablo? It looks like a Ford Granada from Europe.
Thank the good Lord you didn’t sell the 66 Corvette. That takes me back to my much younger days when I owned a 67. Wish I still had it! Don’t think I could get another for what I sold it for…$5200.😩
Absolute youtube gold. Well done Hoovie. Honestly a milestone for your channel but for youtube as a whole as well. Congrats.
With that many cars sold this year, you could get 4 dealer tags here in NC #notacardealer
Wiiiiizzzzaaaard just went from searching online for yachts to flipping through the Pennysaver for dinghys
They're gone great now you can get some new ones👍👍👍
The wizard is going to be so bored
Just realised the countach looks like a small cyber truck from the side.
i love your 348, i just really wish you did a tan italian leather seats replacement as it would class the thing up tremendously
Hoovie please, turn your audio up before you upload, you're the only youtuber I have to crank up. I hate getting my eardrums blasted by the ads
Did he sell his first car, the white Mercedes?
LIAR! He still has that pink keep in the background!
How about the sls?
Anyone remember what he got the countach for? I cannot believe they are worth that much now.
HOOVIE WAS CASH POOR.. HIS CARS NO MORE!
did ya get the BIG car ?? :) Bugatti  , PEACE
the fact that we're walking the earth with a human being who paid $55,000 for a hummer H1.  sheeeeeeesh
Great work selling off all those cars at peak used prices before the used car market crashes next year.
Were are all the benz hiding?   I know someone didnt buy grandmas car for a million
Did you give any away?
Still wish I wasn't late on that limo!!
Did the tax office come calling mate this is the roomer going around why your selling your cars if fact the roomer is the 3 of you are selling cars to pay taxes
Soooooo glad you kept the vette. Enjoying the channel. Tks for sharing.
Wish I had that many people interested in my car 😂
Hoovie you actually said “urination bob”.
There are many people who would love to have there’s problems - enjoy what you kept - you only go around once
Don't sell the Woodie Hoovie!!!😂 Glad you're keeping the 348 and the Vette though lol hopefully the Diablo as well(even though I'm sure it's a love/hate thing atm🤷‍♂️😂
Funny how when Tyler goes to see the wizard he's usually reading something or shopping online but when he goes to see Jonny he's usually wrenching... Hmmmm.... Also, awesome Picard quote. That alone made Tyler my favorite automotive youtuber of ALL time!
Not “too little,” not “too less,” it’s too few….
I am looking forward to seeing your new hoovie shopping list now that you are full of cash.
Great job can't wait to see what's next maybe a 2005 cobalt 74 vega 75 pinto would make you a fortune lol and yes I agree carma will get him im sure 👍
Man I love all your videos! You work hard and play hard! You deserve everything positive!
Well Hoovie, it sounds like u really had ur hands full, & having fun buying, dealing with them, as well as saling them back, I've enjoy all ur car experience videos,  just keep the fun painful car videos coming so u can continue buying more😁😉👍🙏
Was a fan of yours until you failed to respond to my email inquiry.  Had intended to purchase a few.  Oh well, Mecum's coming up
Maybe hoovee got some insider info of 2nd hand car market prices going down lol
Car wizard has a wife and a boat! You need to buy more cars 😂
I only have 1 question. You didn't sell grandma's Merc did you???
Why would you say your selling a car, put a price on it and then say its not for sale?... BS view grab crap..
It's sad.
Fake Hoovie Sucks!!
Look an Alfa 164!
Got to 7:53 mark and see he sold the Suburban lost interest.
Looking forward to seeing a whole new fleet very shortly
You didn't sell your grandma's old Mercedes, right!?
Glad that my favorites managed to stay. Especially the Lambo gang, Z8, 348 and the 456 👍🏾
u got me fucked up not replying to that m3 :(
Good thing I finally saw who "Urination Bob" was. Kept thinking it was a guy that kept pissing himself
Nice work Hoovie! I must say that I enjoy hearing Star Trek quotes thrown in, always makes me smile haha.
The whole video i was thinking "Please not the SLS". glad to see you got rid of most of the dead weight cars
Why did you make a YouTube video listing all your cars for sale with the price of each individual car to then turn around and not sell many of them because you are attached? Reminds me of a video I saw from another YouTuber trying to buy a car off of you and you did the exact same thing to him. Wanting to sell it, not wanting to sell it. And now one of those cars you’re changing your mind on someone got scammed. Yeah I feel bad too. Just think if you didn’t play that game with that car that guy wouldn’t be out $2000. But hey, don’t feel bad.
Do you know Richard Hammond?
Awesome! Now you need to buy a model t and let the wizzard fix it up lol
BMW and valve seal issues ... Hmmm very familiar. Terribly made engines :(
hope you buy late 80s BMWs and even Mercedes . back when they made cars to last before planned obsolescense
I was having a lot of anxiety during your last video watching you come up with prices on the spot, mention vehicles not shown on screen, and choose to take inquiries by email rather than an online marketplace of some kind.  I take no joy in being right, however.
Thank god his first car is still with us
Hoovies Garage without any cars ? even the wizard is mad 15:08 :(
“welcome to hoovies garage the emptiest garage on YouTube”
Prices on the Lambo's will skyrocket now they have said all the V12 production is sold and the future is Hybrid .....
The offset from YouTube has to put a major dent in the offset compared to how much revenue each car generated.
glad you're keeping the z8
just seems you bought expensive pos. glad you sold them. hope you made something.
Even if it is a rebuilt title that was issued in Kansas you still have to get it inspected by Nys before they let you registered it
I was in love with that 740il
You didn't take my offer for a Dippin'Dots ice cream freezer full of Dippin'Dots.  I'm hurt
Did you sell the car that your grandpa gave to you?
The Wizard and the Ninja are going to have to feast on ramen noodles, beans, rice and tap water for awhile.
greatest salesman pitch.."I don't wanna sell this"...and whoopsi daisy it's gone
Hoovie, that Countach could buy you a shack in California on a postage stamp lot that has about as much internal squarefootage as the car. Sounds like it's a good time to sell to me before the bubble pops.
Buy High and sell Low!!  The mantra of the every day investor.  Somehow I think you are doing ok.  So happy to see the cars you decided to keep.  You did not mention Apollo 911... I presume it stays.  Also, where is the SLS?  Can't imagine it went.
Nice
I wonder what 23 cars Hoovie will now buy to make up for the ones he just sold?
Looking out the windshield of that vet is very nice
Crazy you should have sold expensive cars to be some more interesting videos once again !!!
Sounds like Wizard may get his boat repoed.
But...why?
Now Tyler can pay off his Lambo loans that repaid his kids college fund. His accountant is smiling again. :)
next video... why i bought a fleet of broken range rovers for pennies on the dollar
Something tells me he already had a list that he would not sell no matter what
Man, I gotta say. This channel ain't what it used to be.
How could you not use CARS AND BIDS!!!!!
I really wanted the 78 Benz Euro Bob got it i wonder if its to late ?....Hello Bob..its gone .damn it .
Is the x5 still for sell? I'll definitely buy it
That Bugeye Sprite! How much for the little car?
Pleased to see you’re keeping the 348 - now let’s see a road trip in it!
Whoa! You did it!
Now the tax man cometh !
3:06 vid starts.  😀
Almost 300K views in around 6 hrs.   Many networks wish they had that viewership.
Wish you coulda done more with the Sprite, I really enjoy it
ive watched 99.9 % of you sell me your outruns cheap there my wifes fav
I saw your thumbnail..... I feel for you 😭✌️
Good on you for taking care of the person who was scammed.  Karma will take care of you as well.
I’m kinda sad that you need to sell all of those cars, but hey it could be a chapter 2 of Hoovies Garage!
You need to pick up a classic Maserati, a nice little Lotus, and a Ford Crown Vic P-71 (I used to be police, and LOVED the P-71)!
Hoovie is now ready for the Let's Go Brandon recession .... and will buy his next batch of cars at half price !
All that space.I could live there with my Subaru Forester.
I'll bet the scammer was Joe Cipolla...
Hire an assistant for stuff like this, Hoovie.  I'm thinking "Little Hoovie" would be a good nickname.
So glad your keeping the Z8. Not a BMW fan but that car........Is stunning!!!!!!!
I wish there were a list of what hasn't been sold yet. If the little RHD Suzuki Samurai is still there, I might be tempted to grab it.
Just don't understand why you let your grandmas SL to go..
Wait. Wait. Wait. Wait…….. where is grandma’s Merc?!?
Don’t fret children this guys crazy like a fox……he’ll make it.
"The line must be drawn heeeya" Great Picard quote right there
The only thing I learned from all this is that there is a Drive-in Theatre in KS.
hoovies trendinggggg!!
I like what the collection has boiled down to. A nice mix of cars for all occasions.
What about the Wagoneer did that go?  I think i'd cry if you sold that one.  Those things are so special.
Hey hoovie from a hard working american....You can fuck right off with "no one wants to do their jobs anymore"   Jobs need to pay enough to care.
Your mid video advertising sucks
Did you sell your grandmas Mercedes?
Somehow I highly doubt he lost out on money selling all those cars. He might have lost money on an individual car but I’m sure he made that money back on the other cars.
Hoovie, did you list them all on VinWiki before you sold them so as to keep track ?
Sell half my cars like you¿? I only have 1 cars and about need to sell half of it! Sheeh
WTF did you do, man? Ughh...well I guess you don't need Policygenius now. lol Ahhh...I get it. You're selling out to MotorTrend. Soon MotorTrend will own Hoovies Garage and we won't see it on Youtube anymore like they did with Roadkill. Maybe same fate with Ed and Tavarish? Well, if that does happen you can just about kiss Car Youtubers goodbye. Well..we still have Vehicle Virgins and Scotty Kilmer. LOL
I am really sad, i know you sold it off a few years ago, but I really wanted your ML55.
I'm glad he kept the Lambos. Only reason why I subbed lol.
I think he'll look back on this time to sell the three Lamborghinis as a missed opportunity. With rising inflation, an over-inflated stock market and tough times next year, I personally think November 2021 is the peak of markets, including this run on car prices.
As Randy repeatedly says in his videos, he might loose money on the sale of his cars, however makes profit through views.
You should just put an entirely new custom Air suspension in the diablo it would be far cheaper and far cooler
EXCELLENT Tyler - this was a perfect outcome . The Diablo is my favourite , although its problems need re-engineering . I felt a slight regret over the the Maybach then realised its just a big boring benz .
It's nice to see of my favorite cars are staying. All the Lamborghinis, the blue Ferrari. And I'm not sure if he sold it or not but the Mustang Cobra R.
So the more iconic cars are staying I guess. The lesser ones or the ones that h1d less attention here on the channel are on their way out. Glad not all of them are going out. Pretty happy the lambo trio is still there. We didn’t hear or see anything about the white Merc’s, but they are both staying as well.
With this many cars going you will have a hole in your heart to fill back up with 36 more cars
I'm trying to figure out if the madness was buying the cars in the first place or selling the cars. Either way there is some kind of psychomania going on there
I still dont see a Land Rover Discovery ii???? Whats going on hoovie
Hoovie #10 on the trending page???
You're a good man Tyler. Your sense of humor and love for cars is legendary. Thanks for all the great videos over the years
Next episode: "I'm driving this 2020 Barbie Jeep today to the wizard's. Let's find out everything that's wrong with it."
Wizard will have to buy. A smaller boat now
I hate when people post something for sale and won’t sell it for their asking price!
WTF you were in my area and super close!! You were in the SD California area!!! bummmer!
Regarding the Maybach and the title. I bought a car from my mom that her insurance totalled out from a an accident that only put a huge dent in her door. They paid her and said just go down to the treasurer to get a salvage title. We t down there and looked at me like I was stupid and said that the insurance company has to issue it. But they won't. So I just registered it as a if it was a clean title
I agree with the cars you kept. Except the Bentley. Lol
Hoovie, for your new fleet, let's get a honda legend...
The Youtubers are selling their car collections because they know the ass is about to fall out of the economy! The cars are worth top dollar right now. The way the Brandon economy is crashing right now who knows what’s going to happen. Think about all the toilet paper they will be able to buy.
Sad to see the 7 series go, but it will have a good life in San Diego. Time for some new hoopties.
To the person who scammed $2,800, your scum. If you’ve any decency you’d return that money.
I am still interested in the Dakota. If you are willing?
How could you sell your grandma’s Mercedes?!!!
LX470 Z8 M5 E39 7 series E38 ESCALADE    If sold then Now,  I'm sad...
Dang welcome to hoovies garage the emptiest channel on YouTube
Get the guy who got scammed the 2k an episode on your channel where he gets to drive the Ferrari.
Did we hear the gate of Apollo 911?
Hanging with Daddy Doug is San Diego??
So glad you're keeping the Arnage!
I love how hoovie doesn’t even know why he does the things he does sometimes
Hoovie: *sells most of his cars* Wizard: *declares bankruptcy*
There is a pink car over there behind you 💰
glad you are ok and always good to purge.
Wow...they are all gone...😯
its the most self aware automotive channel on youtube
Keep the Bug eye Sprite !  Just try to find another that nice
So, Hoovie is a ST:TNG fan.
Boy I'll take that X5 4.6iS! I'm not scared of a little smoke! Lol
Word on the street is 2022 is going to be rough that's why alot of youtubers are sell all their crap lol
Back to making bad decisions?
lol
Haha love the Star Trek First Contact reference. Great stuff Tyler.
Creativity abounds! Congrats sir.
Nearly half a Mill for the Countach? Damn, I would have got rid of that.... thought you said it was the least desirable one? That would have like doubled the money you paid for both those Lambos in that sale? You literally stole those two cars off that dude......
The First Contact reference gave me a chuckle. Well done.
Where is your grandma's Mercedes?!
Unexpected Picard 🤣🤣🤣
Out of all those cars that were sold the 740 I just can’t believe it, I would never sell my e38 I will be buried in that car. The greatest luxury sedan ever made, but that might just be my bias!
Crappers.  I was still holding out hope on the 2000 Trans Am.  My guess is he got a ton of interest on that one.  The price was extremely fair.
Hello
Policy genius will have u getting 60 calls a day from insurance ppl telling u then could save ur on car insurance
Hoovie: I'm selling ALL my cars! ... Except this one... and this one... oh and this one, oh and definitely not this one... and this one... and...
"I want to sell everything! I don't want to sell it."  Then make a video, telling us even that even after receiving more than offered for advertised prices, changed his mind.  That's why he's not a car dealer, he's a good example of a typical Nissan,  Mitsubishi, and Kia dealer.
How do you do fellow kids
nice
You get a lot of cash right when the inflation is about to get out of hands. What's your plan?
the money generated from this channel greatly makes up for 'losing money' on those cars i'd reckon though.
17 cars.....too many and you/we know it.
What about your first car your grandma car the Mercedes
Hoovie selling all his cars means we've reached the peak and now we are entering a recession.
What happened to the flathead woody?
My first reaction was...that's dumb not to sell the Countach for a $400k+ gain. Then I realized these will probably be million dollar cars in another 5-10 years as they get harder and harder to find. They're so iconic, I'm sure they'll keep going up in value.
Wizard will have to learn to fix electric cars.lol,
Wanted that Beck
I am glad he kept the Lamborghinis.
I'd get rid of that Countache so fast. They were always ugly, they just looked wild. Wilder than they are. If I could double my money? SOLD! 🤣
i cant understand the bentley Azure... I do understand most of the other choices, i think the ones he kept will just continue to reach silly prices and arent worth selling yet unless you need cash
So. You sold all of your cars to buy Bitcoin 🧐
What about the jimny?
Everyone start to email the Scammer
Not bad only 17 left but hopefully more to come.
You’re such a great guy Hoovie. Seriously enjoy the videos here on YouTube, keep doing what you’re doing man. You deserve the dream you’ve achieved after all the things you’ve been through.
I listed my 2400 mile 2019 Shelby GT350R on Auto Trader yesterday and I've received more that a half dozen scam offers since then. I just deleted the ad. Sick people out there.
"what am I gonna work on" 15:10  wizard is out of business
It probably is the top of the car market... and every other market.
Don't Sell The Countach (DSTC). 😐
Ima so proud of you for not selling off the absolute bangers in your collection YOU REALLY HAD ME FOOLED HOOVIE 😆😆😆
10:58 why does the Lambo countach have a wing on its nose?
I sold all my classis a few years ago and  now cant buy because prices are shooting through the roof..lol
Keeping the Spyder?  Up until now I thought you were an idiot, Hoovie, but you have redeemed yourself.  You may want to consider keeping the bugeye, too.  I sure would.  Oh--and ditch the Lambo.
Don't worry about the scumbag who impersonated you. You have plenty of fans throughout the globe and they will find that scumbag and that person will be punished.
He sell his first car?
you sold your grandmother
Dirt bag!
He didn't go over any cars at the wizards.
Bro buy a domain name and get your email with that domain name etc DONT EVER USE YAHOO or GMAIL or any other public email system for doing sales. You did it to yourself my man. Lesson learned. Your welcome.
I wanted the trans am but I figured it wouldn't pass smog in California. I hope whoever owns it now will love it. F Body for life!
Anyone here want to buy my 2002 Honda CR-V stick. 4x4.240k, miles?
You know he came up huge in this used market. Only reason he sold.
Sold the cheap cars.  Kept the expensive ones.
Where is your grandmas mercedes?
"I'm selling everything!"   *not really
How will The Wizard put his yachts through college?
I love the weezrd
u sold grandmas sl ?
Wow a BMW with valve seal issues? Imagine that!
But we’re all still grateful you’re our Hoovie.
Everyone selling cars 🤔 used car market must be going back down🤠
Used cars are crazy right now, so this is a good time to sell
Hey hoovster, just wanted to thank you for the entertainment and the vehicles. Keep on filming and we will keep on watching. Thank you.
What’s with the grey Bentley sport in the Wizard’s garage? Any future video coming up?
maybe you could make a video on cleaning that old piece of carpet!!!! take it to the car wizard. he can tie it to his boat a drag it around the lake
goodlooks on gainz but inflation is def a big part of it
Me and my wife were dedicated to buy a x5 and looking back it was luck that the Toyota dealership was closer then the bmw dealership lol we got out very very lucky
Tyler Hoover!! Forget about your Diablo, show us the darkblue thing that was standing next to it in Wizards shop! Is it really Merkur Scorpio as it seems??
Glad you keep the 348,i have one myself like yours,i love the fact its your favorite cars with all the awesome cars you already own
Unfortunate regarding the people who were scammed. It sounded as if you mainly sold the cars via e-mail? That sounds stupid, why didn't you use bring a trailer or cars and bids? You have a relationship with both companies and would have done more to protect your viewers.
The wizard now has a mansion jet yacht
Little bit scared at how close the powerlines are to the back of Hoovie's house!
I’m glad you kept the vette. I love that car.
Excellent Picard reference @15:47 XD
I'm love that baby blue Mercedes
I REALLY wanted that 80s fleetwood but have NO room for her. Damn it!
Tyler! We need another vin wiki profit vs loss analysis episode on all these new sales! Make it happen!
BIG CONGRATS BRO!! CAN'T WAIT TO SEE THE NEW CARS YOU'LL BE GETTING SOON OH YEAH FYI MIGHT BE SELLING THE FAST AND FURIOUS PRIUS SOON!🤔 WORKING ON GETTING A EXOTIC FOR MY CHANNEL KEEP UP THE GREAT WORK YOUR BOY LUCCI MR YOU TUBE 💯💯💪
We are the stupid ones he sold all his cars he will buy 40 more.
your picks were good. approved
Pretty sure these guys are selling their collections because interest rates are about to go through the roof
Let’s GO Brandon!
I would never sell the Corvette, and I don't really like Corvettes
“You all are idiots” 🤣 holy crap I spit out my drink hahahahaha Damn Tyler you’re funny
How much for the hot pink sexy machine still in the garage at the back?
wait so you sold your while mercedes convertible? i didnt think youd ever sell that for sentimental reasons
did you get robbed bro?
Looking forward to seeing the MotorTrend series Tyler.  I’ve already seen the all the ones aired on the App. I hope your venture with Motor Trend will pay off I wish you the best. Have a Blessed One Sir.
The pressure release valve on the Lamborghini Diablo , or the hydraulic pressure regulator mustn’t be working properly if it’s blowing struts as well  the rebuilt steering rack recently on the same car ?????
I would hate to be your taxman,figuring out profits and losses,ha ha ha
I wonder who was able to actually impersonate hoovie accurately..... The car wizard wasn't able to.
I kind of feel like you selling the BMWs before you use them will make you less willing to do things that make a good YouTube show with them.
*Urination Bob makin it rain!*
Who on earth watches Motortrend….. that shows been dead for so long like almost all legacy tv shows 🤷‍♂️🤷‍♂️🤷‍♂️
dump the countach and merci while you can get top dollar.   contents pretty much played out with them and he values silly
If you sell you're going to sell your cars then bloody sell them. Been a huge fan of your but you are sometimes so infuriating to hear yet again when the buyers come yet again you turn around and say no
That Alfa Romeo 164 😍😍
That white Alfa Romeo at Wizards though :O
Hoovie doesn't realize that his channel, Taverish, Doug Demuro and other car enthusiast YouTube Channel... Have assisted in inflating the price of enthusiast cars... Or he's completely aware of it and playing the market manipulation game Elon Musk style.
Nice Jean-Luc Picard impersonation. Engage!!
Hoovie has more cars than i did hot wheels
Worried about content!  Now what?
I see you still have your pink Jeep back there....
A really enjoyable video.  I'm happy for your success.  I find it still amazing there are quite a few Witchta YouTubers out there with successful channels.  Must be the water.  I too believe in Karma.  She's an angry lesbian bitch and surely exacts revenge and makes sure it's painful.
It's not like ya paid for a one of them! It makes it easier to say by by
Nice and great choice. You've kept the gems!
Crazy I can’t even sell me z for 5000 clean title. 170000 miles manual .
Hoovie kept the cars that will go up in value as an investment!
Love the Capt. Picard reference. One of my favorite scenes.
Does anybody come to your house to say hi?
How much for that pink jeep?
Lol Good thing Tyler still kept Range Rover. Fun to drive and gold mine for shop😂😂
Did he sell his grandma mercedes? :(
:(  this makes me incredibly sad. Like not even sure I want to watch this channel anymore.  This is the first time I hit the dislike button for a hoovie video.
15:47 Who caught the Star Trek reference?
It seems like a scam to say your selling a car and list a price, then don't sell it when when someone try's to buy it for the price you asked for. Just saying........
HeavyDSparks was doing the same a day after you lol
👍⭐️⭐️👍
Did you sell the 95 Cobra R?
I really want to know how to make this kinda money. Almost feels unattainable
3:02 to skip the BS and the in video ad and get to the real video.
Man i really wanted that tesla. I never got a response though
Swapped a garage full of cars 🚘 for a bank account full of CASH 💰
If you pause at directly 0:01 it looks like Hoovie is Bhangra dancing.
Spy a Suzuki samurai sj410 at the wizard's... love those things!!
sls?
I dunno dude, I don't believe in coincidences.  When I see almost a half dozen big name YouTubers selling off the majority of their fleets at nearly the same time for no other reason than "I needed to sell some cars", doesn't sound right to me. I guess time will tell.
Tyler sold enough vehicles to make the other car dealers jealous
No you should have kept the 740i
God your Garden looks like a sad park.
I havent watched a hoovie vid in a while, the last one I saw was the one where he bought a prius and decided to install nitrous on that thing.  lol
You never own a car, you just save it for the next owner.
Nooooo the bug eye
When market allows to sell high sell !  Market low buy more ??
Give the guy $2,000 cheapo
Just wasted many people's time in offering for sale knowing you would not close the deal. I'm in real state and I HATE when sellers get cold feet once I have done my job, I just do not do business with them again.
It's no insider information... used cars  have appreciated considerably the last 6mths, sometimes 10-20%.  This has translated into even the moderately valuable used cars that seem to have a floor.  That floor just jumped up, carrying everything with it.  This floor is temporary, have to imagine once the "chip shortage" is resolved you will have a huge of amount of already built 2021 inventory hitting the market removing this supply and demand imbalance.  Used car bubble is about to burst, and would have to imagine the Youtube Car Collectors have some emotional connection to their cars, but most of their inventory is a combination of video content and car flipping, ie business transactions so why not turn into cash when theyre worth the most.
Now, go buy a Tesla Plaid so you can have the QUICKEST PRODUCTION CAR ( the Rimac is NOT in production! ) in the world, and save the rest of your money to buy a Tesla ROADSTER in candy apple red and officially then own the car that will probably beat the NON PRODUCTION RIMAC..... we will see in 2022!
Sorry to see all your beautiful cars gone.  Hope there are many happy new owners.
completely different shaped door frame
those Lamborghini countachs look so different.... yours has a small side window... the one that went for $511k..doesnt have that
I’m not going to lie, I thought he was called Urination Bob
Sorry Hoovie, but the Dakota is your own fault.  I even watched the Barrett Jackson episode, and that's what I saw in my head too.
Props to Cleetus for not selling all his stuff off like everyone and their dog!
Buy my 01 manual 540i youll love it on your dream team.
You can do whatever you want but I’m not going to believe you any more . I’m selling all my cars… they offered me over asking price, I’m not selling this many cars. Lmao, what?
5:10 is that his wife!?
Time to find the cheapest F40 in the country.
What I want to know is what Mrs. Hoovie said about it and how much of the receipts she is going to hold on too! It sounds like you should have just about enough to pay for "Little Hoovie's" college education!  FR
To add to this list, "the hamster" Hammond just auctioned off four of his motorcycles and three cars. It's a conspiracy, I tell ya.
That person that defrauded those individuals I believe is mail fraud which would fall under federal crimes.  They should report it to their local FBI office.
Heater core failure... translated. REVENGE for selling!
Buy me a car please.
Please tell me you did not sell your Grandmother's Mercedes!!!!
Wow! That Alfa in the background starting at 14:40 really is something special!
I understand wanting to keep the Countach, but imo you should sell that one while the market is hot. There's no guarantee it'll still be worth $510k once the new ones start being delivered.
2010 Fort Transit Connect in neighbor's driveway is FIRE.  Gimmie.
7:13 urination bob
Why at 18:28 min into the video, the countach has front and rear wing, lol. great video
I'm sure it's been said before but I'm kind of new here, when he rambles he definitely sound a lot like Jeff Goldblum.
Maybe I missed something or a video, but I didn't see what happened to the G-Wagon.
I hope I get to see the green Mustang driving around here in Denver soon!
I’m losing money, ok sold….I’m making a nice profit, uh no not selling it….. WTF.  Ps you don’t even fit in the Countach tyler, are you completely nuts?
Be honest!  Is something going to happen?
I was worried you sold the diablo since it was my favorite Lambo growing up (thanks to twisted metal I think lol). The countach def has a whoa factor, but the diablo is just beautiful and almost timeless in design
Of all that bunch I'm glad to see the little Beck not sold.
I see you kept the Malibu Barbie jeep. 😄
YouTube channel: ends
you should have sold that Diablo and Countach when you had that great offer
Next video I bought the cheapest Aventador
You say a net loss but from what you said that coutach alone would probably put you in the green lol.
Smart guy. Sells the lower value cars that depreciate and keeps the ones appreciating. He never intended to sell them all
Funny someone wants to import all that Michigan rust into Arizona. Usually it goes the other way.
Where is grandma’s Mercedes SL ?
So Hoodie, are there any cars left for sale?
I look forward to seeing what you'll buy next.
Time to buy more cars
I’m going through the same thing selling all my car collection! My Hot wheels collection!
Hold on, if the Maybach is not salvage right now why would you kick yourself in the rear and make it salvage? I know I'm missing something.
Tyler, how much insurance will you be saving each month?
Looks like people investing money in durable goods as an inflation hedge?
Hoovie: I’m selling ALL my cars.  Also Hoovie: except all the ones I don’t want to sell. Which is a lot of them.
He should have called got junk.  😂😂😂😂
All my cars are for sale! No not that one! ... or that one!... oh no not that one I like that one... yeah that one as well keeping it really like that one.. oooooh yeah that one also no.. and that one..
Great Channel hoovie
Glad to see the Z8 staying! That is some mojo!
Good old urination bob, what a great nickname you have given him. To be fair he did completely set himself up for that nickname. Hopefully his other clients will start regularly using it as well.
Hoovie calling his friend "urination Bob" gets me every time :D
Fun video to watch! I’m starting to think you have a problem buying cars. Lol. How did you typically accept payment?
I am so happy that he kept most of my favorite cars. I would have loved to see the '74 Mercedes stay though.
Anyone have the numbers on how much money he made on all these sales?
Don’t quote me here but I’m fairly certain the gray market 458s go for considerably less in the US market
Surprised you didn't list them all on cars and bids
not gonna lie, saying you gonna sell all the sports cars and then completely backtracking left me kind of thinking this was just a dumb stunt - made even dumber by that poor guy loosing 2K to a scammer, thinking he's paying deposit on a car you didn't actually wanna sell in the first place. Seems like you just wanted to generate hype to sell the "boring" cars at a better price lol
Time to spend some quality time with what you have left and really appreciate them right? What's that, you just bought 20 new ones...?
I would have kept the mustang...i suspect with how common they are,  he buys anther and then gets to make a fresh video for that one.
Why didn't you list them on caaaaaaars and bids
I have not heard the Term Cluster in a Long Long time,
Will you bid for the BBQ Chiron? (I coined it after the Scuba Veyron)
I’d drop that countach like a hot potato. I doubt prices will go up anymore especially in the next year.
Hoovie I would like to have your car problems.
Hands-down, most entertaining automotive channel on YouTube
I think todays video was sponsored by all those sold cars. Let's be honest! :). Also, TAXES SUCKS. Hopefully this fire sale helps!
Six adverts in a 18 minute video 🤔 I know Wizard empties your bank account but seriously to many advert slots
Where's the Merc SLS?
Richard hammond just sold all his cars as well
Win some, loose some. Keep at it.
7:11 Did anyone else mishear that at first?
15:47 nice Star Trek: First Contact reference!
Blimey I haven’t watch you for a year and you go and sell your indoor collection.. I better keep watching so you can buy them all back !
I want to buy the trans am 👀
My dad back in the day was gonna buy a countach in Arizona for 80 grand in the 70-80 and drive it back to pa. I wish he would've! I would have had half a mill sitting in my garage
Wish this vid was an hour long
Did anyone else think he said "urination bob''?
Hoovie you need to invest some in making a garage a proper man cave.  or at least fit some proper blinds and shelves to put your stuff on.
Please tell me Hoovie hasn't sold his grandmother's old car 🤞
What happened to the woody?
Can't believe he sold his grandmas SL :/ .. I thought he would keep it.
How much for Outrun
13:05 I really like that van, glad it wasn’t sold! Hope he makes another video of it or him using it like when he towed the pimp my ride van.
The Maybach STILL has suspension issues from the looks of it
I sent you an email about the conversion van, you did not respond.
What about the E36🥺
Sometimes have to wonder about Hoovie.When his wife blows in his ear,does it sound like an empty pop bottle?
So it wasnt  "urination bob"
You never bothered to respond to my email as you have stated, You at least could have the courtesy to respond. Good  bye
If you did decide to sell that r/t Dakota I could give it a good home :)
No way would I sell that vett
it's a shame that the mustang and bug-eye are gone but beside that i'm glad that so many great cars stay with you :D
Hoovie should work with doug or ebay next time  so scams do not happen. Also it would be cool if he does a giveaway at 2 million subscribers. Or even giveaway a car every month and sell merch.
Oh come on Hoovie. Investment on those struts for the Diablo is covered multiple times by the car’s increase in value.
WHATEVER HAPPENED TO THE G WAGON?!
So u sold the benz your grandmother gave u that got u started
Do you owe the IRS money, or something?  😂
Every ending is a new beginning...
Still have a very nice collection. I’d be hating if I were your neighbor lol 🥴
Car wizard: "What am I going to work on?" Hoovies halved Wizard's revenues in a little over a week!
Really interested in a financial summary of the buy / repair/ selling prices.   No shame in making a profit on the cars (on top of that YouTube money).
those Outrun cabs would sell good too ;) *wink*
I love Hoovie's relationship with the Wizard. "Don't worry, none of the Lambos are gone"
I feel like I have to go back to the previous video and watch it again where he lists all vehicles for sale and everything must go and then on this episode I hear a lot of back tracking. Flaky. I guess another YouTuber who did business with hoovie (or did he?) alerted us to the fact he changes his mind a lot. I guess we all have some growing up to do. Funny thing for hoovie his is in front of a camera so the world gets to see it. 🤣
I used to be jealous of all the cars on the lifts behind him now I'm just jealous of the lifts.
Reality, humanity,, so happy you kept the Vettt
I would have loved that ws6
Selling at the very beginning of the hyperinflation wave is classic Hoovie losing as much money as possible.  Well done.
I like Hoovie enough I sat through the Policy Genius spiel…
I enjoy the Wizard rolling up the magazine thing. I hope to see that happen again for no reason other than a laugh.
All I cared about was that countach. Want one so bad...Not $500k bad but pretty bad. So happy you kept it!
Have you just considered getting a set of KW lifting structs built for the Diablo? Obviously not sure on cost but surely they would be less than 8k for the pair, and having seen them on Carerra GTs I'm sure they are good enough quality
hoovie as long as you disclose that the  Maybach was a salvage vehicle  that's all your morally  required to do  and in some states you don't even have to do that.   if it has a clean blue title leave it that way and   go on
Nooooooooo! Not the Frog Eyed Sprite. You’re dead to me, we can no longer be friends! 🤣😂🤣😂 So sad you sold that one. I thought you’d keep that come what may.
I was interested in a muddy, rusty, chatty Lebaron and Hoovie never responded. Oh well.
I'm not sure you can still claim this is the dumbest automotive channel on YouTube.... Cody (WhistlinDiesel) has you beat.  Time for another tag line.  LOL
Please buy a caravan, yes a caravan. Don't ask why,
Send the Alpina to m539 restorations!
If you ever do decide you want to sell the Murcielago, you'll probably need to find someone who's never heard of you or watched your videos. Because of the video evidence of holes drilled through the transmission housing in the floor LOL!!!
I must have missed what happened to the Chrysler Imperial?
Baby lambo vs Baby Mercedes!!! You and Stradman should race.
But what will you make videos about now? 😢
What happened to the Grand Wagoneer?
I wonder what the 740i Sport sold for?
What happened to the Grand Wagoneer? Not sure if I heard it mentioned
The mustang is gone
So selling only not selling.  Click bait sorry first thumbs down ever from me after lots of ups but thems the breaks
So only sold the junkers aside from the Mustang. None of the true gems
So glad youre keeping the Corvette 427. Such a badass and special car.
Si what happen to Hoovie’s daughter?
Horrible communication, dont advertise cars if you wont respond
Did you sell the Mercedes that your Grandma gave you?? I loved that car and the story behind it. Congrats on selling everything else, I am happy that you keep the white Countach. Keep up the good work and having fun while doing it. God bless Brother...
where’s the sls?
please always keep that black ferrari, its the most special one
The whole market is about to crash - smart move
I wanted the Cadillac esv
Tyler Hoover can not believe that after he buys and talks about a cars attributes and the joy of owning it that its value skyrockets. Odd
Anyone else thinking he is trying to buy that amazing Mercedes that he drove at the show…?
I like this channel, but this car sale thing is a bit, you know, ……………
Damn nice house !!
Just be thankful that someone called car wizard about the 348 and he called you otherwise they might have got more out of it sickening behaviour.
Am I the only one that hear Hoovie say "Urination Bob"?
False advertising/..you claimed you were selling everything...You kept some of the crap i would have gotten rid.  Those lambos...gone...that bentley....gone...  get rid of that overpriced garbage you never drive.  Dude cash in while you can.  Get a new wife..get a face lift...
Isn't the IRS income tax 30 plus percent on each sale???? For collectables
That's an expensive Ford Probe.
Oh the pesky 1% problems 🙄 What to do with my multi-million-dollar car collection 🤔
Well Hoovie, I said I’d unsub if you sold the 740.   It’s been fun 😞
He wants the CoPart Chiron 😂😂😂😂
keep ten. thats it. ditch the rest.
i’m very sad to see all of the cars gone
Gotta sell more. Get ride of more. Sell the Countache. Sell ALL the lambos
Taylor only car, I'll buy from you it's Ferrari 456 for $120k
It was today that I realized Hoovie wasn’t saying “Urination Bob”.
Ur GREEDY HOOVIE. U MADE ALL THIS PROFIT AND U CANT SELL A SCAM VICTIM HIS 348. U could buy ANOTHER 1! Dissapointed in u.
No matter how jealous I am of Hoovie and his massive success and cool cars, he's truly the nicest guy it could have ever happened to, so I can't be anything but happy for him.
Click bait. Ke kept 23 cars =))
How's Wizzzard going to afford his fleet of yachts?!!😥
Tyler, "Everything is for sale!...... but isn't." Tyler, you need a long black couch to lay on while a professional helps you with your car issues. In the words of a famous ice queen, "Let it Go!!!"
7:44 lol
Sell out....
OHHHH...it's "Euronation" Bob  Much better than Urination Bob.
If I had a used car collection like you guys then I would have sold it also. Good money to be made right now and then that allows for new content in the future.
This fker doesn’t wanna sell anything then why are you wasting our time for ? Lol
Hammond also sold some of his cars on the drivetrive channel
I might have to unsubscibe if Hoovie keeps selling cars at a profit.
You missed the little mercedes in the garage  😃
Is never sell that Lamborghini Countach that will easily  be a 1m dollar car in the future  those cars just keep going  up it's so iconic
Where’s the SLS? Didn’t see it in the video
Can we give a big "Fuck You" to the person who tried to scam people using that impersonated email address?
You still have too many cars  Get rid of them.  Ride a bicycle.
I swear there was an echo in your garage because it's so empty right now
For what it’s worth, I think you kept the right ones. I would have been sad to let the Mustang go. Love the Bentley but if I was repatriate one to the UK, it would have been the Bug-eye Sprite. I’d sell the Lamborghinis in a heartbeat. Would rather float in the Bentley Boat …
Would of kept the Xj.
hoovie cut down the fleet to have money to fix the rest...good job.
"I'm not a car dealer, but I had 40 cars and sold 23!"  - you decide 😂🤣😂🤣
Maybe sell the nice guy his Porsche and film it. :)
Please tell us that you did not sell your grandmother's Mercedes
"EuroAsian Bob"??? I thought Hoovie was saying "Urination Bob" this whole time 😂
The only car i wouldnt sell you own is the corvette
Would love to see you get some old Japanese cars to fix up. CRX, old Subaru with an ej20 swap, 240z.
Omg the escalade should have stayed and the range junk should have gone
Who is this guy and where are the Blowfish?
Youtubers have ruined the used car market.
You've had the countach for a year?? I thought you got it in December?? Oh... It's November. Crap.
People are selling when the market is high?  Yeah definitely a conspiracy there hahahaha
Well hummer gone and so am I by hoovie.unscribe
You kept all of the cars I thought you would! :)
Did he sell his Grandmothers Mercedes
More importantly what have you kept?
Please assure us that you didn't sell Grandma's old Mercedes SL!  I heard no mention of it, but I seem to remember you put a very, very high price on it.
Is it a coincidence to sell so many cars when used cars prices skyrocketing?? Hmmmmmm
The 456 has been a favorite of mine for a long time. I'm a little broken up that it's been "discovered".
Anyone make an offer on the carpet  on the floor?
We truly are living in George Costanza's bizarro world - Hoovie is making money on his hoopties and refusing to make piles of ca$h off his Lambos.  Amazing.  And remember:  Karma has no expiration date.
talk about money making lol
I think a "gone in 60 seconds" movie reebot ,could be made just by going into hoovies garage.
So happy you still have the lambos! Nice move….
So he sold his grans gift car?
Why do I have the suspicion that you were SERIOUSLY behind on your dentist bill?
the best feeling is to sell at the top of the market
If i could have afforded the shipping and the stupid Spanish import taxes, I would have totally bought the blue Merc.. such a lovely car. Glad you decided to keep the Beck, now you can enjoy it when the sun re appears :)
To be fair I'd sell a Countach I can't really fit in if I were you, especially for a huge profit unless you want to wait for it to go up even more
Due to BMW’s recommended 10k mile oil service intervals most if not all BMW’s 5 years or older are blowing blue smoke 💨 . Valve seals are toast.
It was the right thing to do
I liked because of the Picard quote.
For selling the mustang, i could smack him with an paper roll too... Bad hoovie!
Now that it's over, we should all flood the scammers inbox and string him along for a while like we're interested..
I mean i do like that pickup
17:01 i spot a merkur scorpio!!!
monkey see monkey do
If Hoovie sold his grandmother's Mercedes,  I am unfollowing him.
I'll be heartbroken if you sold the sprite. I wanted to see more videos of it.
It makes me twitch to see him not selling the cars that would actually have made him money
Kind of a jerk move putting cars for sale that you won't sell for asking.
star trek fan confirmed
Please tell me he didn't sell his grandmothers Mercedes!
Wizard reading junk mail barely listening to Hoov.....good stuff !
good man he kept most of  the  cool cars👍
I saw car issues at a bar in az thought it was so cool seeing you
Wife's gonna be happy about the reduced insurance bill.  Take away is a couple of things... You never intended to sell the cars  you really wanted to keep. You kept those, so you were playing your audience and people who went to the trouble to contact you about those cars. Second thing is, cars to some degree are like boats.  Absolute best day is when you sell them. A man only has so much time to drive so many cars.  Otherwise they are just artwork in the garage which isn't horrible but expensive. Life is just dam bittersweet.  We may love cars more than they love us back. 😉
Thanks Tyler, it was great meeting you at Sema!  I will be posting content with the hummer!
Don’t worry about it Car Wizard I’m sure Tyler will purchase more Hooptie’s in the future. So what can we all do to help catch the impersonator? I hate dealing with dishonest people that take advantage of others. There’s a dealer in Palm Springs California that was less than dishonest when they sold me a CPO Infiniti. Palm springs Infiniti. Nobody ever deal with those people. The owner never made it right.
Always fun to watch, thanks Hoodie!
Very confusing video. You wanted to sell every car, people offered to buy every car , some at a huge profit. What gives
I know you didn't sell grandma's car. Thieves are S#it bags.
Anyone else going to let him know that his pronunciation of "wizard" is annoying, not amusing?
Hoovie, you should get a older MGB sport car, they are always breaking down!  That would keep you running back to the wizard for repairs and you would never run out on things to vlog!!  I sure do miss my 1972 MGB, that I had back in 1974!
Maybe an escrow company for the deposits next time? Or maybe you know a lawyer that wants to make a few bucks to provide buyer confidence. You would need to announce it so anybody receiving funds request from a scammer won't give them money anyway.
An insurance company dragging their feet? Never heard of that before.
Hoovies Haunted Garage! no likey, please fill up again pronto please.. its just wrong ! 🤣... oh wait they're parked outside ha ha !!
The best car deal was green mustang.  The lamborgini cuntash nobody want in this price. Then hoobie show us the like this car sold at $511K.  Only stupid will buy this car , even for free i dont want that car
Sell X5 to M539 Restorations
How did he not say "Nassau Blue" everytime he talked about the Corvette?
Keep Deablo and Countach, The rest……
I like how uplifting Tyler is.
Richard Hammond is also selling everything.  Interesting…..
what about the Grand Wagoneer?
Whats up with the Alfa Romeo 164?
I got a question do you live bye athletes that
Sad you sold the frog eyed sprite
Regarding the Diablo, do you not have insurance and a deep lake anywhere in Kansas?  Expensive fish art as it is
"I'm not very techy." We know, Hoovie. You made a Yahoo email address.
Thank god you didn't sell the 456
Good job Hoovie.  If I kept up that pace of cars u would need to purchase a used car dealer lot.  Hmmm not a bad idea for some content on your next video.....Hoovie buys a used car lot.
So Hoovie says he is selling all of his cars, but actually isn’t. Nice bait and switch there, Tyler.
HOOVIE! That generation X5 with the V8’s were notorious for oil separator and oil separator  valve issues causing them to smoke excessively. I bought one at auction for $1500 and took a shot in the dark, and succeeded. Have a look before writing it off.
$8000 per shock? WTF?
Tbh I am quite happy seeing that you haven't sold the lambos and Ferrari's but it's sad to see the sprite and the Mustang go and for that fucking scammer karma will get him
Well well well.....we get rid of the iffy stuff and guess what I get to keep all the ones I was never going to sell! Now you know what’s it’s like to experience a “car salesman” not a YouTuber. It’s all about the money. Love it😇
Selling his mustang hurts, as you can probably tell by my pfp
"The line must be drawn hiaar!" Always love a Star Trek reference <3 :D
This is proof hyper inflation is here. The Fed is printing trillions in dollars and this is the result
I understand why he kept the ones he did, but setting everything up stating he was going to be selling them. Then had several people offer to pay what he wanted just to tell them no it’s actually not for sale seems kinda messed up. He’s always seemed very genuine but to me it looks he never planned on selling quite a few of them and just wanted to lead us on for views. If you never wanted to sell them don’t list them, set up special channels to sell them, then make/edit/upload videos to sell them smh
‘I cant imagine thinking about 40 cars at one time’ says the mechanic who has over 40 cars at his shop😂😂
A moment of silence, for Hoovie's 23 sold cars.  May they cause their new owners all the fun Hoovie didn't get to experience.  LOL Someone revoke the Car Wizard's magazine subscriptions!  Haha. Stock in Omega Auto Clinic fell 400% today after finding out their biggest customer sold more than 50% of his broken rides.  Ok, I'll go now.
A truck, a big van and still all the other toys. Still enough to make my head spin but so much weight off your shoulders i bet.
Do NOT sell that Diablo!! I'm telling you
Sold the cars at a loss and kept the cars where he could have made a great profit.  Awesome business  philosophy
You bought a 300 gullwing didn't you
Looking forward to your massive shopping spree video next week Hoovieeeeeeeeee!!
Why did you sell them all?
Waiting for Tavarish to post the exact same video again. Lol
Where is Grandma's 500SL?
Hate to see the Mustang go! That's the one realistic car I would like to have of his cars. On to new and better things!
speaking of insurance not doing their jobs. NOBODY USE - ESURANCE. They are absoulutely TERIBBLE!! They do notttt do their jobs and you have to do everythingggg if something happens.... all the extra work lands on the client and that is not how insurance is supposed to work like hoovie said nobody wants to do their jobs.
A bit disappointing that non of the exotics were sold. I hope Tyler realizes that the crazy market prices are not gonna stay for too long. Within 2 years the economy will be in recession. If I were him, I would get rid of, at least, the Countach and the non-OEM Murcièlago. Over half a million bucks for new projects.
that means the wizard's business will decline dramatically.
I wish he would sell the Coontaj just to piss in Johns Cheerios. Sorry JT, not sorry.
GLAD YOU SOLD WHAT YOU WANTED TO AND SOME YOU DIDNT UHOH.ITS ALWAYS  GREENER ON THE OTHER SIDE HOOV,YOU DID WELL DUDE
If you had no intentions on sales some of the cars then you shouldn't have put an asking price on them.
Lol.  Dumbest automotive channel?? No no no. Hoovie is the smartest for selling all his cars during the absolute peak of used car inflation
Was the Explorer van sold??
Wait did you sell grandmas white Mercedes?
Triple win! You didn't sell the Diablo or the 348 and the Hummer is gone! Yaaaay!  Looking forward to you having time to take the remaining cars on individual adventures!
Why are you selling parts of the BMW dream team before you've even finished it, and before the audience has seen any of it. Feel like these guys ran out of ideas for content and then just decided to sell all of their cars
What happened to Apollo 911?
Buyer's Beware! God, my heart goes out to all the poor people who bought any of those cars Hope they're all still in one piece, although I'm pretty sure their wallets aren't...😂
That silver Bentley with the red accents at the Wizard's is so very pretty............
ugh Hoovie! not selling the Lambo because the market has gone up so much, which makes you think it will keep going up? that is the same mistake folks make in the stock market - when it is at its highest they are sure it will keep going up, and when it is at its lowest they are sure it will keep going down. think fundementals - is there really a sustainable market for those Lambos at much more than $500k?
Sell the Diablo ASAP
The BIBLE: Basic Instructions Before Leaving Earth - Tells us very clearly, in Galatians 6:7 as well as similar versus in 59 other places, "Do not be deceived: God is not mocked, for whatever one sows, that will he also reap." Whoever this person is, I truly feel sorry for them as they will definitely "not benefit from ill begotten gain." The wisest thing they could do at this point is return the money anonymously and break the cycle they have created for themselves. As Always, May God Bless you and yours!
Don't worry car wizard you'll have 20 more cars to work on soon enough...I want that Suzuki!!
Wish I had some money to buy one!
Definitely kept enough cars to send the wizard yachting in Monaco 🇲🇨
So... whatcha gonna buy next?
Is this a mid-life crisis?!
End of the year. Financial times
Good to hear the "Everything for sale" pitch mostly being a way to bring attention to the video and make it easier to sell some of the more low-profile cars of the fleet. Following the channel you can clearly tell a lot of effort was put into getting specific cars or sorting out others, would be a shame to sell for no reason other than it being an influencer trend.
I'd still love to own the Wagoneer!
Is it Euro Nation Bob or Urination Bob ?
I'm glad you didnt sell the tree lambos!
Just an honest question here: Hoovie says he had some offers at his full asking price, which he declined.  I thought if you advertised a price you were obliged to sell at that price.  I await the expansion of my education.....
This video:  Hoovie: I sold 23 cars!  Next video; Hoovie: I bought 30 cars!
Half a million for that turd.  Lol 😂
You sound like Jeff goldblum
Nicolas Cage impersonating Hoovie like that is very surprising .  Guess he's fallen on hard times.
He had such nice cars but now they are gone forever
Sell out. But hey, I would cash in too.
If folks like Hoovie and Tarvarish are flogging off all their cars just happens to be some kind of coincidence, how come multi-millionaires, I really don't need the money, TG/Grand Tour’s Richard Hammond/ James May and Clarkson, have recently just done similar things? There's definitely something going on.   A cynic would think that the current asking/selling prices of very ordinary cars, due to chip shortage that’s been a tide that's lifted all boats, are massively over the real values of those cars. A dodgy twenty-year-old BMW just isn't intrinsically worth what people are paying for them nowadays. Inflation, hyper or otherwise, is around the corner, followed by sanity coming back to the market along with a correction.   Ordinary people will not have the cash nor desire to pay well over the odds, they may have to accept not being able to afford any car at all,and those whom money isn’t a problem, are not interest in run-of-the-mill, mid-range, mass market cars, as sold by youtubers. They want high prestige supercars, which, if they haven’t already bought a ‘good’ one, aren't going to buy high milage, tatty example that was most probably some kind of write-off, repaired, cheaply as possible, possibly badly, by an amateur self-taught home mechanic youtuber, like Tarvarish.   Properly rich people, who are effectively immune to inflation, because they are so rich, would rather buy a totally mint, low millage Lambo Countach. Those who right now are pay $500k for poor condition ones, A) can’t afford a good one, but want the status/kudos of ‘owning’ one and are using some kind of debt to pay for it, and B) Are buying them in expectation they’ll continue to go up in ‘value’, which they won’t, in order to pay back any debts incurred in purchasing them with a profit on top.   People like Hoovie, Tarvarish, etc, are rich, but on paper rich, not, I'm so cash in the Bank/Bitcoin rich that money's not a problem type rich. This is them turning that on  paper, questionible 'real value' old tatty car wealth, inflation vulnerable wealth, into real inflation proof asset wealth. Hammond/May/Clarkson are off-loading their run-of-the-mill cars, that they can buy back in a year or two for less than half they sell them for now.  The markets a bubble that looks about ready to bust, the wise money is to cash out, take the unusually large profit on offer, and put the money into something inflation proof. These people also probably have mates, we don’t know about, who are also doing the same thing, and all the reasons they have given are little more than just attempts to temporally prevent others following suit, flooding the market and depressing how much they can get for them.  Also bare in mind, and I don't think this is the case here, but could be wrong, Hoovie, Tarvarish have major ties with, and get money from, Autotempest, who predominantly make money from volume of cars sold. Just be sceptical.
Tax season
Hope you didn’t sell your first car from your grandmother though! I cant recall if you had mentioned it or not...
Of course it was all a clickbat title. You are not selling nowhere near any of your cars, what a cheap move. Also all this "I didnt wanna sell it because this and that boo hoo" is just annoying AF. You wasted so many peoples time, I hope Kharma gets your ass.
Is this guy gay?
We fans should start a go fund me page to help recover some the lost money due to scam.   Dollars here dollar there goes a long way.     We know next time  he will do a better job with security to prevent future scams !
Hoovie: Oh I'm very technically savvy. Put it this way hacked into a few phone systems in my time.
How much for the Barbie Jeep?
At least baby Hoovie will have a college fund, provided America hasn't turned to shit by then.
I’m so happy you keep the Azure!
Hoovie "I made a boat load of money..." Also Hoovie "...and now for our sponsor." Just having a laugh, use it well.
Keeping the lambos and the Vette and the Z8 are all smart moves.
I’m CONSTANTLY saying “why would anyone keep more cars than they can use? They should sell them so people can actually enjoy them.” And now that that’s actually happening I can’t stand to watch it. Sorry about your collection, Tyler!
Lets go Brandon!!!!
Scammers deserve to be barbecued on national television
Shouldn't have sold the Suburban.
I’m gonna be using State Farm from now on!
Glad you're keeping the vet
Hoovie, Ed, and Freddy are all just broke that's why they sold all their cars, same with the Goonzsquad lol
F40. No exceptions. You gotta buy one
The Diablo is my favorite car of them all.  As a knife collector I recently halved my collection.  It's an awesome feeling to really know your favorites and the spot the fill in the collection.  If you ever let the Diablo go you're doing something wrong.  Your trio of Lambos is a complete collection other then something in the very new category but that's a whole nother level of cars quite frankly.  Appreciate the content as always.
Historicity high prices on used cars you are smart to have sold . Never again will you see prices this high for old used cars
Truly hope karma catches up with Hoovie - telling lies. "I am selling everything" but actually does not respond to genuine offers that pay the asking price. What a waste of time. Keep your cars, and your channel. I am unsubscribing.
The car wizard needs another yacht he needs hoovies cars 😂😂
Tomorrow on Hoovie’s Garage: I bought 10 new cars!
Had to halt the video. I am confused. You offer a car at a price. Someone accepts your offer. You change your mind for what ever reason. I understand that to be a broken contract for which you are liable. Especially when that reason is only that your asking price was too low. How are you getting away with this?
Man, when you first said you were selling your cars, my eyes lit up, don't know why... But certainly if I had the money I would've pitched an offer on that Bentley Azure. That car is absolutely gorgeous and I wouldn't have cared about potential repairs, I WANT THAT CAR!!!
Oof. That garage looks more barren than Angela Merkel.
I thought he was saying "Urination Bob" until now.
The Countach craze is because of an Alpine stereo ad that's on my wall. For 40 years. Same poster in different cities, framed now for almost 25 yrs.
Not sure if you can back out if people meet your asking price. You advertised the cars for sale.
So you sold the Diablo!?!?  NOOOOO!!!!!!
That garage will be full by Christmas 🎄 😂
Im selling everything I dont want to sell
It'd be funny in an uncanny way if Hoovie selling his luxury cars came to be defined as the start of the Great crash of 2021.
Turns out he didn't actually want to sell everything. It was just a marketing trick to move the less desirable (for him) cars. Not cool Hoovie...
A Mustang with a blown heater core. Nothing new there. I want the Mercedes.
Hoovie puts up 40 cars for sale. Draws the line at 23??!!
Riptide BLUE!
Great arcades!
Of all the cars you had for sale, only 1 I wish I could afford, Dakota R/T. I had a 99 Yellow ext cab, got it new, sold it at 16k miles. Man I would like that back.
Hoovie, buy a gtr so i can buy it off of you after to fix it and dont want it
There is a conspiracy of a conspiracy of a conspiracy here at work. You see, the conspirators – Hoovie, Tavarish, et alia – know that we know that they are in cahoots to drive up prices. But because they know that we know that they know, then they deny that there is a conspiracy. But they are denying there is a conspiracy because they know that if they say there is a conspiracy, then that would mean that there is no conspiracy. For people who believe in conspiracies, the fact that they would deny there is a conspiracy actually is proof that there is indeed a conspiracy. In fact, for the conspiracy minded, the only way to prove that there is no conspiracy is to state that there is a conspiracy. But if Hoovie, Tavarish, et alia, admit to creating a conspiracy, then that would prove there is no conspiracy. But we know that they know that we know that they know that there is something else going on entirely. Here is the simple fact: Superman, Batwoman, The Penguin, and John Wayne have never been on any of these guys’ channels. If you think that’s a coincidence, that’s because they want you to think it’s a coincidence. It's quite simple when you think about it. :-)
6:00 I had a mustang that the heater core blew in the SAME SPOT. Its amazing how ford has a problem with those. I had to tear out the whole dash to fix a $45 part.
Just think of all the room for new Hoopties.
I’m glad I got to see a picture of EuroAsian Bob’s dealership. Before that, I kept thinking Hoovie was saying “urination” Bob!
What about the G55?
Grow your beard!
How long before each and every one of the cars so far sold ends up fucked again one way or another and needing yet more work...bet its under a month
Another good one. Congrats
Hooooooovies rides
It is fishy the biggest car YouTubeers all selling there cars at the same time
Sell all cars to EuroAsian Bob from here on out. He can sell them as Tyler Hoover’s car. He makes more money and you get rid of the car only dealing with Bob. Win win for everyone.
What about your first car? Did that sell?
I imagine Mrs. Hoovie hearing that he got offers on all forty and said "sell them all!" Well, except Grandma's Mercedes. Should've sold more, then he'd  have had more money to buy more hoopties for more videos. 😆
BMW Dream team ??? How about BMW nightmare instead??
Bit of clickbait then saying you are selling all your cars. You’re keeping half?
The wife is now the happiest person at Hoovie's home right now.
I always noticed but never said anything. Why is the volume so low in your videos?Coming from some other video, I always find myself increasing the volume a lot when watching your videos, only to have it blast at me when watching the next video
So he kept these: 1.	1989 Lamborghini Countach 25th anniversary, 19,000km, all original $450,000 2.	2001 Dodge Dakota R/T, 180k mi, rebuilt trans, lots of recent work, scruffy but solid, $5000 3.	2001 BMW Z8, 37k mi, excellent condition, $220,000 4.	2006 Lamborghini Murcielago Roadster, 19k mi, new clutch $180,000 5.	1966 Chevrolet Corvette 427, Nassau Blue, new engine, tremec 5 speed, $80,000 6.	2011 Mercedes SLS AMG gullwing coupe, 37k mi, Designo colors, $195,000 7.	2016 Chevrolet Explorer 9 Passenger van, high top, limo interior, 50k mi, $50,000 8.	2021 Beck Spyder 550 replica, 200 miles, Subaru Boxer powered, $60,000 9.	1994 Ferrari 456gt, 13,000km, gated manual, Japanese spec, well-sorted $85000 10.	1997 Lamborghini Diablo VT roadster, 20,000km, awaiting new lift struts, $390,000 11.	2001 Bentley Azure, 68k mi, formerly owned by JCVD, sorted $50,000 12.	1985 Mercedes 500SL euro, 130k mi, my first car $1million 13.	1990 Ferrari 348TS 100k mi, bad repaint, worse interior, great runner, $50,000 14.	2003 BMW X5 4.6 is, 116k mi, awaiting chain guides and other work, $8,000  And sold these as far as I could see: 1.	2000 Hummer H1 wagon, 180k mi, lots of recent work, a few small issues $55,000 2.	2005 Cadillac Escalade ESV Platinum, Rip Tide Blue, 99,000 miles $15,000 3.	2008 Mercedes Maybach 57, 120k mi salvage title, Maaco respray, small issues $25,000 4.	2000 Pontiac Trans Am WS6 6 speed, 106,000 mi, built engine 400+HP $12,000 5.	1966 For Mustang Fastback GT350 Tribute, 5.0 supercharged, Tremec, $45,000 6.	1988 Cadillac Fleetwood Brougham 50k mi, new paint, sorted $9000 7.	2001 BMW 740i sport, 80k mi, timing chains job done, excellent, $19,000 8.	1994 GMC Suburban, 125 m, 4x4, great survivor, very sorted, $12,000 9.	2013 Tesla Model S Performance, 99k mi, rebuilt battery, third row, $29,000 10.	1973 Mercedes 280SE 4.5, 120k mi, original paint survivor, sorted, $12,000 11.	1959 Austin Healey Sprite, beautiful older restoration, $28,000 12.	1995 Jeep Grand Cherokee Limited, 124k mi, lifted beautiful survivor 4x4, $12,000 13.	1979 Pontiac Trans Am, 160,000 km, original except one repaint, very nice driver $18000 14.	1996 Lincoln Town Car Limo, 39k mi, always privately owned, very cool interior $5000 15.	2005 Cadillac Escalade EXT convertible truck, 193k miles, AWD, driver, TX truck, $8000 16.	2000 BMW M5, 166k mi, new clutch and other recent work, $19,000 17.	2000 BMW Z3 2.3 5 speed 92k mi, theft recovery, somewhat scruffy, $6,000 18.	2001 BMW M3 6 speed coupe, 77k mi, very nice, new clutch coming $28,000 19.	1997 Chevrolet Camaro 25th Anniversary, 24k miles, 6 speed, factory fresh, SOLD  So the question is, which one of the following did he keep or sell? 1.	1988 Suzuki Jimny JDM Import, RHD turbo 3 cylinder, original and clean, $8000 2.	1995 Ford Mustang Cobra R, 6800 mi, 1 of 250 factory race cars, 60k build to 570hp, $20,000 3.	2002 Aston Martin V12 Vantage Volante, automatic, 54k mi, getting major service, $29,000 4.	1979 Porsche 911 SC cab (awaiting installation of sympathetic rebuilt engine) $30,000 5.	1984 Jeep Grand Wagoneer, 196k mi, new paint and wood trim, $15,000 6.	1994 Jeep Wrangler Jurassic Park tribute, great patina, 124k mi, $35,000	 7.	1997 BMW M3 Coupe 5 Speed, Flood Salvage, terminal rust, the worst M3 you’ll find $5000
"I listed 40 cars for sale, but didn't really want to sell any of them.  People made me offers, but I'm keeping everything anyway."
The used car market is higher than it's ever been. Of course everyone is selling.
You didn t say a thing about the sl. And the sls. And I can t wait to see how the cars that are still there look back in the garage
To the Car Wizard: He'll buy more... we promise.
I'm sad I don't have the money to buy that JDM Jimny
Nice "First Contact" Picard there, Tyler!
Keeping that. Keeping that. Keeping that.
$16k for 2 shocks. FFS. Agree with what you are keeping though.
What is the point of listing if u dont wanna sell dummy
Wondering if that Cadillac EXT sold?
I would've bought the Mercedes 280SE in a heartbeat. Unfortunately shipping to Germany would've been a little too much I'm afraid. 🤷‍♂️ 😞
I'm looking forward to the day Hoovie builds his own Carvana-type garage/vending machine.
You should buy an Alfa Romeo Spider.
same geniuses from South Park's HUMANCENTiPAD episode?🤭
So do this means more new cars 😁
The three Lambos Z8 Corvette Conversion Van Dakota  The bentley Ferrari 456 348 Subaru Powered Spyder X5 His First Mercedes The new Range Rover Apollo 911  What did I miss?
It wasn't just you guys. I've seen a punch of other car YouTubers do the same around the same time period. Even Richard Hammond has done it. So it completely understandable why so many people thought tye market was about to crash. It's just too much of a coincidence for so many different car YouTubers to just randomly start selling off their car collections all within a 2 week span. Even when they have no connections to each other.
“X5’s are total disasters”. Correct. But it’s in your “dream team” of BMW excellence ? My dream team would be a few years earlier before it even existed.
I must be a philistine for wondering why he sold the Escalade and kept a Ranger Rover.
Hoovie I just need one c Mon lol
Why did you make a video about selling all your cars then? Odd
Does he still have the sls?
Great show Hoovie  , I would’ve kept the mustang but that’s just me… Keep on rockin …
15:14 Yes wizard one hit for every car he sold!
I know you sold your cars because they no longer made you money. But it still a kick in the nutz to the rest of us that fell in love with them along side you. Been watching for years now and always will just sad to see them go.
I'm just glad you kept the Lambo's even if I was too late for the Escalade.
Can we talk about that Bentley Continental behind thee wizard?
How does he have so many cars?
Sold grandma's car?
What about the Jimny?
Thank you for not selling the 456. The 348 too.
15:47 anybody else but me get the Star Trek First Contact Picard reference?
I wo Der if Tyler  knows that posting a vehicles for sale and when people offer asking price and you don't sell them that's illegal  and if someone wanted they can sue him for fraud   and a couple of other things love the channel  though   just thought he might want to know that at least in ca it's against the law
This was kind of disappointing.  Lets say we are going to sell ALL of the cars, and only sell the non collectible ones, with the exception being the Frog Eye Austin Healy. I was really disappointed that some opportunistic scumball used this to make a quick buck, and scam people out of their hard earned money.  I already guessed which cars Hoovie would keep, and which ones he was going to sell.  I am not surprised that Tyler sold the one car to the guy that lost money from the scammer less the money he lost already.  Good Guy, Tyler. BTW, no hate on my comments here. I still love Hoovie's Garage.
So happy to see Tyler keeping the Corvette. If he’s going to keep American car, this is the one.
Did he sell the Mercedes his grandmother gave him?
I’m so glad that you kept the Murci.
Blankets for the drive in 😏😏😏 I see you Hoovie
It would have hurt to see you sell the Countash and/or the Blue Mustang without seeing you enjoy a few more adventures with them on the channel.
All this means is that there's more room for more hoopdies in the future.   Also, I'm glad you didn't sell the Corvette.
Why say everything is for sale, when you welch on the deal later?????
THANK GOD! You're keeping the Z8, be a BIG mistake selling that.
You sold the 73 Mercedes...wasn't that your Grandmothers car Hoovie? Hope that I am wrong, because I thought that was never to be sold?
Hotel Coronado is where they filmed "Some Like it Hot", featuring Jack Lemmon, Tony Curtis, and Marilyn Monroe.
You just sound like every Cars salesperson I have come across………All sounds so sad listening to you……Comes down to CASH $$$….the wife wants the cash!!!
Hight was he got hit in the head with the paper
Everytime when that Bentley shows up my brain immediately plays Thong Song by Sisqo lol
How many times did you say you'd never sell your old Mercedes because it was your grandmother's hand me down??
That mustang, the heater core is an afternoon job in your backyard. There is literally like 4 bolts, 2 hoses and a linkage. I did one years ago.....long before you had to take the entire dashboard out...
You sell the AMG gullwing?
Let us all hope karma comes for the dirtbag 2 fold
How come they can't trace the fake person to whom the deposits were sent. Doesn't the account number have a name associated with it? Or transferring money in America works in a different way and it can be done somehow anonymously other than using crypto?
I mean on the YouTube side of things keeping your best cars was probably your best choice as you can still make really cool videos about your really cool cars
You're keeping the Countach. Smart. I'm staying subbed! And I hope that asshole gets what's coming to him.
Welcome to Hoovies "Empty" Garage....
You all know prices are going to drop so you sold now.
I have a Bugeye too, although mine is a tad bit quicker with a 300ish hp rotary, and it's amazing how much room is in it! I'm 6' 220lbs and I'm fairly comfortable. My best friend is 6'7" and can drive it without trouble.
Just watched S1E1 and it was really cool, nice to see something new on the channel
What happened to Apollo 911!!!!???
Bob is a good Dude. That worked out nicely for both of you, I bet.
Whatever happened to the Red Z28? I seen it once n that's it
"The Dumbest automotive channel on youtube" I think the opposite.
Time to pay off those bank loans?
Were is the SL?
When he talks he reminds me of Owen Wilson from Wedding Crashers.  It’s an interesting car channel to watch.  At least he is keeping cars that are unique and will rise in value.  Problem with having so many cars is you still have to register and pay for car insurance on them.  Depending the state you live in every time you buy a car you have to pay sales tax.  Some states might consider him a dealer so that can be expensive too.  Which really sucks.  I like the F348 and I also like the F355 which was the next car to replace the 348’s.  Values of the 348’s range from 60,000 to 80,000.  Both cars need the engine taken out every 5 years for a belt change. I was looking at getting a 355 but I ended up getting a manual 430 and those are going up crazy too.
SLS?  Also, you kept all of the cars I would have wanted ('vette, Beck).  I still miss the 996 Turbo (in the original silver, not the orange wrap).
SO GLAD that you kept the Countach!
Glad you're not selling the vette.
Gotta clean that Garage Hoovie!
Noticed Hoovie from time to time but never took him seriously but now I realize that he is very knowledgeable, smart, funny and kind. Continue success to you Hoovie.
The wizard is grumbling and deleting his search history on islands for sale in the carribean lol "shit, I wonder if I can get my deposit back on that mansion in the BVIs"
"I'm sorry you broke your little cars"
Hoovie secured a fat bag 😎💰
I'm pretty sure you're not the real Hoovie.
IRS will be calling?
Dude is broke. That's why he sold everything.
There are 23 cars out there right now that Tyler will probably buy before Christmas 💯 you go Hoovie!!
Used car prices have soared by over 25% so I don’t blame any YouTube personality selling used vehicles for a profit
Not sure how I feel about you listing all your cars, gave people the price and the way to offer you money for such cars then turn around and only sell half, and not even the good half.  It's like stores having these awesome Black Friday deals and when you get there they are like "oh we only had 2, sorry we were sold out".  Bait and switch for more traffic into your site/store.
Wow!!! With the echo from your empty garage, I can actually hear the voice audio crystal clear in your video now.......too bad you don't have anything to talk about except a couple of arcade games and a power wheels!!! ( what what size batteries are in that power wheels by the way? It looks menacing!!!😲😁😄😃)
hoovie: "All cars are for sale!" also hoovie: "I don't wanna sale it."
1st he puts them all up for sale but decides to keep them even over asking price. Tells me he loves those cars but..if you don't want to sell them don't put them up for sale Tyler 🤷‍♂️ Folks get excited to buy a certain car and then get to hear it's not being sold afterall..that's just weird in my book.
Is that pinball machine for sale?
After selling 23 cars, those $8k lifts should be relatively affordable.
Star Trek TNG Deep Cut? "The line must be drawn HERE." Man, I knew I liked you guys...
Doooooood, stop revving cold engines!
Dude, you shouldn’t sell the Austin Healy Sprite MK1 “Bugeye.”
It’s like all the YouTuber are the same damn channel now. Everyone makes the same content at the same time! Like they are all on conference calls “what should we do next guys? Oh let’s sell our cars at the same time” No more original content 😢
The smartest thing you can do coming on the end of year for your taxes 😎 you sold the cars you’d lose money on…
You sold Grandma's Mercedes?
That Bentley Continental at the Wizard's shop looked amazing!!!🔥😍
Hoovie how do you expect me to watch your motor trend show if I need to pay for a subscription to motor trend?
Hoovie quoting Captain Picard….Epic.
I am curious if the cars are sold so suddenly because of the current economy and the eventually huge price drop in value. Maybe sooner than we think.
I would really love to know how much money youve given the car wizard in total lol. Im not saying anythings wrong with him being paid, im just curious lol. I'd wanna pay my friend too rather than somebody who doesnt care about the job theyre doing
Hello Sir, I am calling you about your imminent vehicle warranty expiration....you bought it used from Hoovies? *Hang up
Hoovie, if I were you I would not show the address to my house every time I went into the drive way. Lots of freaks out there.
I don't see why you went thru all that trouble with the Hummer just to use it in one video,  sell it,  and LOSE money on it.
You made those cars better.job done be proud they live again because of you.
omg ...... this whole time i thought u were saying urination bob ....... ffs lol
Pearl white isn’t hard to match at all. It’s just a 3 stage paint. I have a pearl white chromaflare Cadillac, now that’s a hard paint to match but it can be done as I’ve had it done with bumper and drivers door. You can’t tell it’s not OEM paint.
The person who set up the fake website and tried to scam people should be shot.  Plain and simple no mercy for dirt bags like that
C'mon man it's not the dumbest automotive channel on YouTube. I'm looking forward to all the new cars you are going to buy!
Man I love that Corvette too, u should get the C collection going lol
When you realize that you have a sickness...
I still see a frog eye and the 358. Your forgiven hoovie
I like Quarks version bettee than Picards.
After what he did to John Tamarian, no one should be surprised that Tyler went back on his word in so many of these cases.
Loved your dark blue rolls phantom you had for a long time
Lol, I love how having one bmw sedan = being out of bmw sedans
I’m so thankful you didn’t sell the azure that’s my dream car I plan on buying from you in the years to come😤😤I need it to wreck my life
The Wizard : "MY YACHT!!!! NO!!!!!"
Is it me or does Hoovie sound like a young Jeff Goldblum???
I would love to see a short video on the lift strut mechanism for the Diablo. I just don't see why it should be so difficult to get the lift struts repaired or why it should cost $16k for 2 replacement struts. Lots of custom cars have hydraulic lift systems for the suspension, something should be adaptable for this application for way less than $16k.
Doug is so upset you didnt sell through his cars and bids website
Was that the rat poop filled Jeep in the background with the farm equipment?
I enjoy this channel but the idea that he has a $500k car he won’t sell puts Hoovie in a world where it’s no longer really about hoopties. I kinda miss the days when his fleet was almost all cars an average person could afford.
Your videos are the only thing that makes me happy. One day I will meet u
At this point used car prices are high why not get some money and move onto the next project.
What ever u do do not sell that mercylago  and countach. Both are gonna be a million plus dollar car in couple of years if u not dumb
My X5 smokes a little and the brakes just failed on Sunday, major rust on the brake lines right under the driver side. "Common" issue...
Soooo you are driving your bicycle again?🙂🙃🙂🙃
Hoovie is now a millionaire! For a few days anyway.
Can't wait to see all the new cars that will take the sold ones' place!
Hoovie: *sells more than half his cars*  Wizard: "I am never gonna financially recover from this"
Glad I'm not your tax accountants this year!  You didn't sell the wife's car💔🤣🤣
So much fun (and so much content!) building the fleet... and along the way, we gathered more great YouTubers-- especially in the Wichita area!  Hoovie may have the "dumbest channel on YT", but he is one of the best YouTubers there is.  The Car Wizard feels like an old friend now, and John Ross, Jake, Eliot, The Car Ninja are all on my watch list and are all entertaining and fun to watch.  Sad to see so many cars that we watched being bought, repaired, and now sold, but we know that great things will continue to happen to a great guy.  Thanks for all you do, Tyler!
Where its the Alpine ? 😭
It sounds like TK is going to get a great deal on his Z3.
Seeing Hoovies empty garage thumbnail Grumpy Cat meme: Good.
Disappointed in your reneging on so many offers. However, love your channel.
my boy urination bob
Man you went crazy but now you got a fresh start to get more cars ! Btw I see the Nova in the background at the Wizards place and I'm very curious what he's gonna do with that if he's gonna work on it more ?
Hagerty hasn't caught up with the values of the Lamborghinis.  They say a number one car is at $300,000 right now.
Wow. Your helping someone who got burned and you don’t have too. That says even more about your character. You truly are a great guy. And a nerd lol
17 cars is not enough? bro i'd be stoked out of my mind to have a 2nd! haha
Hoovie buying bitcoin to save his ass from hyperinflation
I’m interested in what those arcade machines are, you had some in the other garage as well. Is that a Goldeneye one?
Car prices are ridiculously high right now, even for old models. They want to make millions of dollars. They made money off buying the car and getting a crazy good deal from their personal mechanics (something that 99% of the people who own cars can't do), they sold that 'air time' to advertisers for as much as Youtube allows, and now they want to make even more money off those vehicles they've already made hundreds of thousands of dollars off. Pretty nefarious, but not unheard of. I don't even know why a person would own that many cars if they weren't running a channel like this. Especially since everything is going to go electric soon enough that it really isn't worth it to have all that money tied up into vehicles that may not be able to be insured in the future.
OK, did we get enough $ to get the 300SL? May have to churn a Lambo or two if we’re getting the SL. C’mon Hoovie, let’s get you one!
You sold the dream team?  Jonny just expanded his parking area so he could maintain these.
Honestly I think I’m most sad to see the AH Sprite go! Talk about the opposite of all the super cars 🤣
Wow, they went fast.
Looks like someone had taxes due and coming up and didn’t have the moola. Sad
You should keep the 456 for life to be honest.
You sold frog eyed sprite 😢
Where is the Mercedes that grandma gave you?
PLEASE keep "The Snow Princess" Lambo. She is so special, so beautiful and so one of a kind. <3
Nice Picard impersonation but I don't think Wizard got the reference
Wonder how many people he pissed off when they wanted a car for his asking price and he told them no I was just posting all of them for more YouTube likes. Don’t tell people your selling something and put a price on it if your not going to sell it.
I'd say by January you'll be back at around 35-40 cars. It never ends....... NEVER.
I just wonder why he didn't sell them on 'Uncle Dougie's' Cars & Bids site?  Would DeMuro not give him a deal on commissions?
Don't buy original struts /shock. They can be matched with the shock data stance works know how. It could possibly even improve the original suspension.
Sell that Countach and take your profit!
hey Tyler next you try something like this maybe hire someone to make you a website
The SLS and the Beck Spyder are the only ones I'd keep
Hoovie with the Picard quote.
If ylu dont want to sell something, dont show it
This is like the definition of hoarding, having so much stuff that you don't even get to enjoy it, all because of some instinctual need to hold on to as many possessions as possible. What's the point? Why not make some money and let other people enjoy the cars. Keeping these things running and maintained must be a full-time job, I don't think that's what Hoovie wants his purpose in life to be.
Still waiting for you to put the Grand Wagoneer up for sale.  I've been commenting on your videos for a good year now in the hopes you sell it.
Did he sell the r107?
Okay hoovie you're well-known now can you please drop the stupidest YouTuber schtick it's really getting old, and clearly you're not that stupid since you're rolling around in millions of dollars. Have some pride. Please.
Hope that you have enough to buy that SL
Smart move the way the economy is going
Still have my favs, so I can relax now...
Hoovie the type of dude to leave his shirt on in the pool.
I wonder who bought that white mustang, was it Euro Bob?
Now Hoovie’s son has a new playground.
Where did that walk on dance idea come from?
I’ll still like your video even tho you didn’t sell me the WS6 TA
Good good good, good man Hoovie, do not sell that countach under any and all circumstances, their like no other, and the only one who ever got a bad one was Casey Putsch who had a fuel injection prototype car that he then sold before the prices went crazy. and he keeps bashing the car despite literally telling everyone that early fuel injected cars had the cam timing retarded to make it work, which cut down on the power of the 4 liter dramatically so he literally bought the slow one, sold it too early, and then calls the entire line too slow and crappy   like the guy always does himself dirty, and he's always got a chip, or is it Chimp on his shoulder, and just cant let things be.   also I think the bodywork on a countach is part fiberglass, part Carbon kevlar, unless its like Carbon Kevlar on an F 40 that was just fiberglass with a weave over it, which still shocks me to think that ferrari lied about that thing and its literally just a 308 Kit car with a racing body and some turbos thrown on it.   and I think the countach is part aluminum, so it should be fine with keeping its shape and if your worried with keeping the paint fine maybe look into the thing tavarish has on his Murcie, that resin like shield, provided when he gets it back from the peterson it has let the paint on it breathe and it doesnt bubble, as that should keep that thing safe  as new paint takes a minimal of 6 months to cure, and if its like an old laqure like on your corvette you really wanna make sure the car cover breathes as if it gets hot the car cover acts as a baker and can cause the paint to bubble  it was something the GMC guys were talking about when i was getting my car worked on at their bodyshop a few years ago, a guy had a 50's one, garaged and everything, and the car cover caused the body to bubble.   or do like matt farah with his safari porsche, with that shield thing, I think its roughly the same thing doug used for the Ford GT, the guy who did it said he had seen one where it had a giant dent in the car from hitting a rock, but the paint shield worked so well the paint was fine underneath, hell the only thing that was a troublespot was the 90 degree angle of the windshield and it kept getting rockchips lol   also I think he had his 87 done over just like that too so if you ever get the chance, maybe ask him about it and how he handles it as he does use it reguarlly   and the only thing that gets you on them, the countach really is the tires, and Longstone tyre's in the UK has some, its what harry metcalf uses on his, the london autoshow car from 1987  plus theirs power steering kits for them would you believe, like that is how much people love those cars, hell he even did long distance touring with it by putting ear plugs in would you believe when he did the trip from the UK to italy  and even the lambo people at the 50th aniversary event were like HOW FAR did you drive this thing lol
Is there a "Hoovie express line" at the DMV?
How long before some conspiratard on reddit accuses Hoovie of setting up the scam account himself to fund some Illuminati activities?
you should impersonate yourself..say ,,maybe you did  hmmmmm used car salespeople
how much for outrun 😂
I Love the Hotel Del Coranado! Great place to stay!
Hoovie goes to sell all of his cars, puts i don't want to sell prices on. Keeps the cars.
Diablo living up to it's name 😈
Slaps Barbie Jeep on the hood... "How much???"
Does anyone know why they did this? I don't follow Freddy but I haven't heard a real reason from Ed and Tyler.
The manual cars will only go up in price.
Love the geek out with the Capt. Picard quote...
Karma is a bitch he or she will get his or hers
There's so much room for activities.
Love the Picard quote, "This far, no further!"
He's saving the investments. Lol
Urination bob
Please buy that grey & red Bentley in the background at the Wizards shop 😍
I dare ya to be honest with the people that are making it possible for you to have all these cars. and tell us why all of you Youtubers are selling off there stuff. I think we dissevere  the truth.
I'm not mad that Hoovie reneged on his offers for so many cars... just disappointed.
Amazing reference to Star Trek: First Contact at 15:47!  Respect
Once again, Tyler Hoover, the heiress of the Hoover Vacuum company, mocks his peasant viewership by not even accepting the hard working dollars on vehicles HE SET THE PRICE FOR. Sad.
Well now the 740i is going time to buy the cheapest 750il in the country. Also what I will say is usually the V12’s are more reliable than the V8’s so that would maybe not be soo disastrous
The Hotel del Coronado is incredible, I stayed there once about ten years ago and it was amazing.
He sold his grandma's Mercedes SL convertible?
u stayed at hotel del coronado ,hope u met kates ghost there
Hoarder.
All new Iron!!!
I wonder what the tax on all of those car sales is.....
Weezard whacking Hoovie for being a bad kid is hilarious 🤣. As hard as it is, I commend you for clearinghouse on the vehicles to make room for whatever else you end up finding.
I cannot imagine the struggle of choosing which car to drive everyday 😂 so many cars 😍
too bad you didnt return emails to potential buyers
*When it comes to the world of investing, most people don't know where to start. Fortunately, great investors of the past and present can provide us with guidance...*
Wizard: I can't imagine having to think about 40 cars all the time. Also Wizard: *standing in his shop with at least 40 cars in it.*
Nice First Contact reference :)
Man. Any offer that is over what you paid or were expecting, is a no-brainer sale! Sell. Sell. Sell.
How much does the wizard want for that Ford 8/9n 🤔
The Chrysler Prowler, I hope you've kept that. I know it's not glamorous, but it's just a cool car that looked like a tonne of fun.
You couldn't pay me to take that X5.
You really sold your first car and your beater Ferrari?  Oh, okay you fooled me.    All my cars are for sale, too, but they're not as nice nor nearly as expensive as his.
Note to hoovie, register a domain and a unique mail address the next time.  Scammers are everywhere.
Used car market is starting to stabilize. Makes scene to sell while prices are still hott. Sell them if you got them.
And just like that the Wizard has to liquidate 2/3 of his fleet
Why put cars up for sale and then not sell them? Then just don't offer to sell them.
If you didn't take a loss on the cars sold, this would no longer be HOOVIES GARAGE! Stay true to form and continue your successful career on YouTube by being a loser. Well, someting like that...  :^)
7:16 That Fleetwood :O
for facks sake save yourself some headaches and buy some lexus  is300.is350,gs300.gs430, or even some more expensive ones
Mustang was a great looker but old cars have old problems. I would buy just the external body for display.
Lists cars for sale, receives fully asking price offers and then declines to sell.  All a person has in this world is their word and this clown's isn't worth a penny.
"The line must be drawn heeeya" Great Picard quote right there
You broke your little ships.
2 things I learnt: 1) If you really want a car from Hoovie, pay above asking price. 2) The true hidden gem Ferrari is the 348.
SO GLAD TYLER KEPT, WHAT HE KEPT...!!!
Did I catch a meow at 2:36?  haha
What a sad Day in the automotive world, Hoovie sells a hunk of his collection and I didn't get my hands on ANY OF THEM!  I will spend the rest of my afternoon crying!
Please tell me that you didn't sell the car your late grandmother gave you
The problem with me watching this channel is that gives me the impression that it's okay to own more than like 3 cars.
I think I missed it did Hoovie say what color that Escalade was?
I can hear Car Wizard rubbing his hands together from here.
You are a true gentleman Hoovie
Now I'm wondering how many cars the Wizard has.
I sold my mk1 golf to a collector for cash. I know how baller I felt afterwards, I can't imagine how you must be feeling... :D
mate ,I am so glad you were not 100% set on selling all your motors . I was worrying that your channel was going to become a farce channel like Samcracs ,  PLEASE KEEP THE ENTERTAINMENT COMING ,,,
How much did the 94 Suburban sell for?
You buy your gullwing yet?!
Richard Hammond is doing the same thing
i guess the bank will  be happy to get there money back
I called the smoke on the X5 in that first vid haha 😅
Everything is for sale. Well except this one, that one, those four, these three, oh and those two, and ……
15:45 Jean Luc Star Trek VII
Convert the Bentley Azure to electric. It is the most gorgeous car of the lot and the conversion will hopefully get rid of a lot of the reliability problems.
Oh I though you were always saying urination Bob
Get your fun in the Sprite by driving it to the customer :) Record the whole journey.
Oh man that echo.....
Take the countach to auction. You there are people out there for at least $450k. It’ll make all this hassle worth it, and it’ll be fun.
Sell all 3 Lambo's and get an Aventador SV or SVJ.
Man you've got such beautiful cars ❤😅
Love the Cap. Picard reference.
"the line must be drawn here!...here, no further!" Captain Picard in First Contact I believe
wait what color was the escalade?
Wait, so this was a giant bit for their show? I knew it seemed weird that all three were selling all of their cars at the same time.
so you basically sold all the crappy cars and kept the cool ones.
Bring More cars in hoovie garage
I smell a 17 sellers remorse car video in the future.
No takers on the car rug?
Also please tell me that "the line must be drawn here"  was a Captain Picard - Star Trek First Contact quote?
I’d get rid of the lambos at the height of the cars market bubble. When the bubble busts you’d be lucky to get 70c on the dollar. Everything else is much less of a worry.
If you are advertising cars with prices, and people are offering to buy at those prices, and you are refusing to sell, you are an ass. You're just jerking people around and wasting their time. Not impressed, you're acting like a spoiled brat. If you're not going to sell, DON'T OFFER IT FOR SALE.
Wow making up for the scammed people by selling the car minus what they got scammed for is next level nice 👌 bravo
I know you wouldn't have sold it, but where's grandma's Mercedes?
What happened with Apollo 911? Or did I miss something?
HOOVIE!! You sold all of our cars 😭 how could you... 😢 just joking , I'm sure what you have planned will be well worth it 😁
Wow!  that is an empty garage.  Let's hope you can build a new collection and start a new car collecting direction.
The 66 vette and the Gullwing and the 456 need to stay around for the duration
you have always a nice Pink Jeep inside
what about the SLS
what about the SLS?
Did he sell grandmas car ? I didn’t see it
We think it's terrible, that your set prices to sell at, you RENEGE ON! ...It is you who is the Scammer & Dishonest....We are UNSUBSCRIBING!!!!
The Frogeye was unique, there is nothing in your fleet like it and in its absence your fleet is mortally depleted...
Did apollo 911 sell? I never heard him mention that one
"you are a scumbag and Karma will get you"  "Well because no one wants to do their job anymore".  I love when real situation Tyler comes out.
Rip Austin Healey Sprite. Hoovie would have loved it. Best car ever
I know the guy that you sold the H1 to
There is an ass for every seat.
If you can sell your car in today's market...DO IT. People will pay whatever ridiculous amount that you ask.
Smooth move Hoovie I would have kept the hard to get exotic cars 👍🏾👍🏾
That white 164 😍
This is so wrong
What happen to the SLS?
Here I was waiting to hear about your grandmother's convertible, but the "I'm not selling the rest" kinda implied it wasn't sold anyways.
The Picard quote from First Contact was just perfect!
The old lambos and the c2 are the best. This was stressful. Trading a Range Rover for a GMT 800 is a terrible
I’ll give you $10 for the rug
Super disappointing. I used to think you were a genuine enthusiast but realise now you are just another youtoober seeking views.   Thankfully we still have Harry's Garage for genuine content
Glad to see he kept alot of the interesting ones, though admittedly I'd of sold the Countach as it's the hardest Lambo to live with. Just hope he's held onto the SLS Mercedes.
notice how he didn't use cars and bids. n that's cuz Doug is a doofus.
Oh good , news cars to watch Hoovie pour money into.
Over 2000 emails... By the screen shot u showed
Keeping the Z8 is probably the best way to go. That said, I am sad to see the e38 go. I was looking at that thing in the background of every video...
Haha "what am i gonna work on!" *wack wack 😂
Now hoovie, is time to start out fresh. NOOOOOOOO! NOT THE RIPTIDE BLUE! I'm sorry that someone used your name to scheme and scam people. They don't have nothing to do.
Thank god he isn’t selling the Countach, it’s my favorite car he owns
I hope you kept the trend going and didn’t turn a net sales profit on them? Other than the content they brought of course. ;)  Bonus comment; Car Wizard stocks dropped 54% with this news.
urination bob
Hoovie, you gotta keep the Corvette!
Past Hoovie: Everything is for sale!!  Present Hoovie: Everything that was for sale wasn't all of it dummies!!
Glad you kept the beck spyder!
This hotel is haunted
Pick two more cars you would be willing to get rid of, add $8k to each and then Diablo is fixed.
You were not the only one who set up an email to sell your cars 🤣.
The yahoo mail was a total fail.  Just get a domain for f sake
Shoulda rolled in on the toy car. That would have been hilarious
that lift is effin sick!
It seems like it would’ve been simpler to just get a professional photographer and put them all on Cars and Bids.
Its weird seeing the garage empty but im excited to see what comes next
One of my favorite channels for sure
The Diablo Hoovey....comon. that car is wayyy prettier than that countach...
I agree with some of these comments. Though the guy got scammed make him on offer on the Ferrari. It's very used its decent still and you have a few other great daily drivers. I would like to see it go to him. You'll just buy another anyway lol
Why sell all of them like r u going to stop doing you tube ?
Everything is for sale... But not that... Or that... Or that one either
Well see the fleet swell back in no time hoovie can’t help himself it’s why we love him
Tyler I gotta say I’m proud you let go of so many lol
You’re such a good guy!
Did Apollo 911 go?
It would be cool to see internet detectives solve the case of, who acted like Tyler?
Why by cars and then selling them next week,  why spend time  in planing what to do and selling it un finished. This is so stupid.
Now wizard gonna go out of business😂
That 94 gmc burbon was nice.
I was so angry when I thought you may have sold the  348, so glad that is staying! Glad to see you not just cashing in on the Countach and planning to use it too :)
I hope you dedicate yourself to only buy good and reliable toyotas...LOL
What happened to the SLS AMG ?
Really glad you kept the Bentley. Pure class on a sunny day ☀️
Basically Tyler you've gone from having a failed car dealership to YouTube fame and having a successful car dealership 😂
You shouldn't have sold your Mustang 🙄
Every thing is a bubble in the US. From lumber to used cars.
$8K for a strut?!!!   OMG Hoovie, what have you got into?
My ass was clenched hard enough to make diamonds for the nearly 9 minutes I waited for Hoovie to say he didn't sell the z8. Of all the cars, that was the car I wanted him to keep the most!
Hoovie Fire Sale!
Yes the Azure and Z8 stayed!!!
Scammers will rot in hell for sure. I think there are more scammers out there than actual people selling things.
I like the Capt. Picard Star Trek reference.
Where is the SLS?
I hope he kept grandma'a SL!
The scammer that impersonated you will rot in hell someday
I think that hotel was haunted in an episode of baywatch
Turned off after 3 minutes of insurance I do not need.
Hopefully hoovie will turn his attention to his real hobby of weaving baskets and turn this channel into something
Of course your in sandiego right after i leave after a gdamn year
Whats crazy is 10 years ago you could have bought a Lamborghini Countach for 25 grand. They were looked down on and now they untouchable for the common man lol.
you need an International Scout or a Toyota SJ40
tell me youre a different kind of "collector" without telling me you arent a different kind of "collector"
Great video from Hoovie.
Thank god for the Countach. I almost unsub
Love this one
The 456 and Z8 are definitely keepers.
Sorry to hear about the scammers, sorry to see some of your collection go, but you're clearly keeping the best of them, can't wait to see what comes next, Rj in Oz
So you basically kept all expensive cars? Guess we will not see a 300sl :(
If it wasn't a cluster _____, it wouldn't be you Hoovie.  Fun for content though.
Hoovie needed to have MUCH higher prices, totally did the meme wrong
You sold the Mustang?  The eff is wrong with you?  I really don’t like you right now.
Do what Tarvish did, BUY A 1991 HONDA BEAT!!!!!! IT IS SO MUCH FUN FOR SO LITTLE POWER!!!!!
How could you not legally have to sell a car that you said was for sale if they offered to pay your asking price?  Just curious.
Lol these people are going to be like, " this was one of Hoovies hoopties" and 99.9% of people will be like "who the f you talking about"
Well the financial market is overdo for a crash 2000, 2008... When this happens no one can afford to buy exotic / vintage cars. Car collectors are cashing in...
2:58 creases me so bad
What about that little pink car in the background
Car dealers should start putting up signs saying they don't want to sell their cars.
I started watching this channel not because of the dumb buys where you lost money but the smart purchases like the S600 (that you should have kept)
Selling the 348 was the dumbest.
Does anyone else wish Hoovie would get Bob's company name correct already? It's straight-up disrespectful at this point. It's EuroASIAN, not EuroNATION for those that don't know what I'm talking about. Hoovie has been corrected numerous times but still can't get it correct.
in future set up web page and put email there and make peeps go to page and click on email link.
Years ago i sold a nice car $8500, now on Trademe there is almost same car $60 000, holy s--t man. Tyler you you never seem to learn and i doubt you ever will!  Keep the Corvette, Diablo, high mileage Ferrari! Sell the German CRAP!!!!!!!!!!! 😡😡😡😡 Scammers trying to RIP Off Tyler are the SCUM of the EARTH 😡😡😡😡 Shock Horror 'Car Wizard' might have to sell yacht or two 😱😮😡😡
When your video dropped I emailed you, but used the scammers email. Fortunately he hadn't set it up yet and it just bounced back to me.  Damn. I really wanted the z3.
I love that this proves that cars can be investments too and screw that scammer!
If I sold all my cars like Hoovie sells all his cars then I wouldn’t have any space in my garage or driveway. 🙂
It'd be great to see Hoovie with a classic Countach vs. new Countach (when they are available)
Hats off to you Tyler for helping out that guy that got scammed
If you sell the C2 Corvette you will forever regret it!
U kept the cars I was praying 🙏 u wouldn't sell and u kept them awesome
If it came down to a 'survivor'/last man standing with the cars, I'd have to go with the pearl white Countach. I can't believe that car exists and I can't stop looking at its gaudy audaciousness.
Go figure former used car dealer knows about how karma comes around!
Please dont sell your grandma's R107 PLEASE!!
Sell more, admit you have a problem :)
Car YouTubers are becoming minimalist.
just get rid of those cars to come out ahead.
1. All of my cars are for sale, but not really. That's straight up lying and misdirection, it's bad business  2. In an offhand way, he's partly to blame for the Ferrari customer being scammed. If he didn't want to sell the car, he shouldn't have listed it, or any other cars he wasn't actually going to sell. This customer wouldn't have sent a deposit. Absolutely the person bears personal responsability as well, but Hoovie is not blameless here.
The line was drawn in the right place.
Why u sell the 740 you nob
He said "Urination Bob"   - ROFL
So basically you're all a bunch of lemmings.
Love the cars hoovie!
you kept the range over over the caddy? why??
Tyler what about the 95 R?
Do you clean you own cars? I don’t recall you ever talking about cleaning…
I seen a yellow hummer that looks exactly like yours this morning in my hometown of Spartanburg sc.  🤔
I would be willing to buy 5 battery tenders from you.  Let me know.
I will buy one if you'll take payments. Might make for a good show. 👍
Tavarish hasn’t sold a single one cause they aren’t even finished and never will be, what a hack fraud.
If you can sell the Countach for $500,000 I'd do it. I don't see a need for so many cars you can not drive them and enjoy them. I guess I don't get that. To me cars are made to be used and enjoyed.
So you didn’t sell cars Someone wanted to pay the asking price for? What’s the point of the whole thing than??
I think maybe more need to go. He is going to get back to 40 really quick.
This dude went from broke to a multi millionaire in a matter of days, now all he needs to do if buy a wrecked McLaren F1 for $500k, and rebuild it to $15.000.000.
Only one BMW what will the Ninja do.
You kept the Suzuki jeep 😁👍 Do something with it Hoovie!!
i think i missed it, did you sell your grandma's car too?
I'm happy u keep some of them I'm happy now ☺
Here’s to the next 40! 🍻
The Murci, the Z8, the 427 Midyear C2, the Diablo, the Countach and the SLS are the only ones that were must-keeps I think.  Nice job
I know the one you was talking about and I still would love to have that Dakota
I am glad you are keeping some cars. 🙂
Now is the time for a strict $15,000 upper limit on new cars.  Including Bentleys.
I have ptsd now for the color riptide blue
Dude you cars is not bad at all after we see what you doing with cars take care of them any one would love to buy them
Hope you didn't sell your grandmothers car..
Sell that rug in the garage...
AFTER YOU HAVE SOLD AS MANY CARS,  IN THE YEAR 2022, YOU HAVE TO START SAYING,  THE DUMBEST AUTO CHANNEL IN YOU TUBE HISTORY ,  PHASE 2
Come to England and buy some relics off of me Tyler
Hoovie, you are a gentleman and a scholar!  You offered to sell cars while offsetting people's 'scammed' deposits?  Wow!
what about the suzuki rhd?
That empty garage radiates major liminal space energy
Where is the sl And the sls
If I had the money I would have bought that mustang . That looks like a great car to drive. Faster then new and still has the original look.
did he even take the dream team picture?!
ÖLINS
My guess as to why these youtubers are selling their collections is because used car prices are through the roof right now. and Hoovie has been wanting an sl300 for ages now.
I missed you boo.
I really would like to buy the M3 but I don’t want to deal with the BMW reliability
liking that little plastic one in the corner  :)  Good, sell them all, Make some $$ and get some more HOOPTIES and make more vids.
Sell merch or gofund me to get that guy his deposit back I’ll donate.  Need to bring good karma to the car enthusiasts out here.
that Picard reference
The kraut Cadillac has to be worth more to a buyer with a clean title.  Why convert it to salvage?  I sure would'nt want that.  I bought a Saab from a junkyard with a clean title and been driving it for years.  KS. title.
There is enough of a gap between your house & the next one to put a housing estate up in the uk…honestly you can shake hands with each other leaning out of your window to the next house in this country…
So, a Dealer took 11 Cars and Hoovie kept the Cars he didn't want to sell ... Hmmm. Seems to be some false advertising gone on here ... 'I'm selling all my cars' indeed ... Just clickbait.
U will never own them again for the price u paid for them
Hoovie may be the only person Earth who sells 23 cars and still loses money, lol. Still has to be nice to see big chunks of cash dropping into the bank like that.
“Don’t want to sell” means wants to sell for more money.
Still wondering what happened to the Mini cooper MC40
Minimalism has gone too far
Looking forward to see with what you going to fill it next   # 🚗 🚘
Did you sell your grandma’s mercedes?
Glad he didn’t sell the Grand Wagoneer. That’s probably my favorite.
I believe law enforcement can trace somebody's email and find where he is
Now you can buy some low miles killer deals and dial them out
He gonna buy an sl300 calling it right now.
Hoovies house seems awfully close to those power lines? Can create health problems.
Put sale prices on cars and then don't sell them. Click bait
Just to buy 1 car which is really stupid.  U r going to regret it
KARMA IS REAL waiting for TAVARISH to receive his .Throwing Emelia Hartford under bus in a rant was so WRONG bad dude
Why say you sell them and then dont sel them for the asking price? yes, its your car but  smells..........
Maybe Jay Leno will be bitten by the same bug and you can step up and get a real (pre-war) Bugatti. I bet Wizard and Ninja know some old machinists who would fit into your channel nicely. Just think about it! Make all the expensive mistakes we wish we could make!!
It’s not valve seals on the X5. Check the Pcv on back of intake manifold.
WIZZARD SHIRT HAS ALSO RIP TIDE BLUEEEEEE,  DID YOU NOTICE THAT,  TYLER.  ?
And with that,  Hoovie switches from selling mode to buying mode.
I'm glad you kept the 348, it's been obvious you love it.
Did he sell his grandmothers mercedes?
"Kinda sad people wont do their jobs anymore." Says the rich kid when talking about his Maybach. You'll never know what a real job is. What happened to Buicks and affordable cool stuff?  If i wanted arrogant children I'd watch Straddman. - 1 sub...
"nobody wants to do their job these days" This may be true, but it's because of reasons.
Yay you kept the lambos!
Lol. This whole time I thought his name was urination Bob
Nice man! Can we get back to the roots though? Cars that a regular schmuck can swing at?
Why not just get some aftermarket struts like KW's for the lambo and call it a day?  I haven't looked into it but I imagine they'd cost less than 8k a piece.
Wow, the Tax bill must be massive this year.
Hoovie: "I'm not a car dealer".  -  -  -  Also Hoovie: "I've sold 17 cars".
The chip shortage is almost gone - and there will be lot discounts in new cars !! so second hand has no much value as its a month back !
Weezard is going to have a challenge funding his kids college now that Hoovie sold his cars.
Would never have sold the 740i
Just LS Swap the Beemer X5.
Love you videos keep up the great work 👍
If I had the cash I would have took the 427 Corvette and the Hunter
Hard to see some of your favourites go but if you were going to sell, now is the time to do it. Prices for second hand have never been better. Bought a certified pre-owned 340i in late January and with almost one year past, I can get a bit more money for it than when I bought it. These surely are crazy times.
Sounds like fake Hoovie is going to get a vacation in the graybar motel.  Two years I would guess unless wire fraud charges apply.  No mint on the pillow.  Stimulating companionship.  No good citizenship award.
So much room for activitys!
I hope you're keeping Apollo
I'm just waiting to see what sorta buttwacky Uber-beast you are planning on buying with the proceeds......   No doubt there will be something interesting appear.
Hoovie's hoard.
It sound like he want more for some of the  cars  he price out  before he know he could get more money for that a use car salesmen
Am I the only one who still doesn’t know where the Border Patrol Raptor has gone
Main takeaway from this video: Be a doctor or dentist so that you can afford nice cars.   Me who works as a CNA and a nursing student: Well shit, I've got it all wrong!
Now what
Goonzsquad is doing the same selling off all their builds. I really want their Gladiator and the FMTV.
We know karma caught up to Kathy Griffin 5X over.
Bad hoovie! Stop saving for a 300sl!
You kept all the cars I was worried you would sell. The vett and the lambos are staying!  Those cars ( minus the mercy ) are great investments.
Great Job Hoovie, it’s all about consistency!
Isn't the scam really your "selling everything" video? You knew you weren't going to sell a lot of these vehicles, so why list them? Don't like this b.s.
To sum it up: All the hooptie hoopties are gone, the actually nice and collectible cars are mostly staying
I truly hope karma catches up with that person!!
Hoovie it’s cool you are hooking up tk. He took the blame for the 800, said he was being careless.
A man would only do this if he owes Uncle Sam or his Wife 🤣
I'm waiting for the day Curated tanks the deal on the Countach to spite Hoovie
I wonder if he has any neighbors that don't know he has a YouTube channel and think he's just out there talking to his cars. 🤔
I just bought an 00 Dakota rt with 77k in black. Only because I saw your Dakota rt. Been in an airplane hanger for about 15 years. Got a great deal and its going through all its maintenance upgrades. Great truck!!
Money just doesn't disappear. The right agency should be able to track the scammer.
I just couldn't have let the Mustang go 😭
This whole time I thought it was UrinationBon, not Euroasian
I love that he sold all the cars at the height of the market. Then he will complains how much he misses them for the next 6 months. Then buys at bottom next year.
Please don't mention the Alpina, i still can't believe you broke it.
Sits in Corvette, starts driving to wizard's shop. (Nice, some in-car driving footage... I think)  Cuts directly to arrival at Wizard's shop. (Damn....😳)
Definitely bummed out that I missed the boat.. and apparently didn't fire out an email fast enough..
U must be rich now good for you
I want the vette so bad!
Hoovie's popularity is now creating a "Hoovie Premium" I'm sure Euroasian Bob is letting everyone on his lot know that the cars he got from Hoovie are "famous" or at least "infamous" haha. It's like when Scotty Kilmer talks about a car... 10 seconds later they double in value on the used market. I'm sure tons of viewers went looking for Ferrari 348's after Hoovie got his.
you liquidate your youtube fortune on the best moment, the prices of used cars skyrocket. well done. ✔ 👍
Honestly , i think it's stupid to sell 10 cars as a bundle to a dealer . I would only do that if o have no other choice. It's a better deal for the dealer
So people bellied up your asking price and then you backed out? Dishonorable
I've stayed in that hotel.......just stunning!
How much for the house
"I'm down to no BMWs" I see this is an absolute win
Love the star trek references lol
I wouldn’t sell the Vette either, but Im partial to the big blocks for obvious reasons 😉
Frankly Im glad you kept many of the good ones, and especially ones you worked hard to bring back to life.  Although I would say dump the older Lambos in this market now because once the dollar crashes as the global reserve currency you will NEVER see those prices again.
You sold the Mustang and that beautiful Escalade 😩😢
It's backwards for a car dealer but good for a YouTuber.  The deficit is good for your taxes
If i were in America i would’ve bought your car mr.hoovies. I love your video btw great job!!!! 👍🏽
Ha!  I figured of all the Dream Team cars, the only one he would keep was the Z8
LOL First contact reference, Trekkies detected.
I'd love to take a ride in some of those cars one day
How much for the little pink Jeep?  Doesnt look like it sold yet!
A First Contact quote! Why we love you Hoovie 😊
Question? Did Yahoo close the scam email account? If not, they should be held liable
You are awesome I wish I could have bought one
Thank you that you didn't sell the Corvette, Ferrarri, Lamborgini (although $500,000 is very tempting) BMW Z8. You should still do your show even if you are doing Motortrend. It is not the dumbest channel in Youtube, it is an awesome channel. Many people will be sad.
Ugh, sold all the junkers, kept all the premiums.  I was hoping he'd go the other way and get back to his roots.  No interest in content on these high end cars, hopefully the new spots are filled by $5K beaters.
How do you keep these cars outside and they still stay so clean?
well if buying cars, fixing them up, having them, and driving them is the joy which creates content and keeps the gravy train running then i can see how storing them all is bland....the countach is a very non ergonomical non practical lambo, however if it keeps going up i would just save it as an investment. its like gold, microsoft, bitcoin...
I love how no one properly explained the reason of selling all their cars. something's fishy..
We never got a video of the Tesla….
For your next car, get something that needs a new paintjob and have it redone in RIPTIDE BLUE
So glad to see that you haven't sold the Corvette, it's just too nice of a catch.
Richard ‘Hamster’ Hammond has also sold off a load of cars and bikes, the conspiracy continues across the Atlantic…
he aint no fool hes taking profits while its hot it creates liquidity for the next car adventures a slow nickel is better than a fast dime.
car wizard/ninja are licking htheir chops knowing hoovie will replace them with more hoopties for him to fix
Well done. A man only needs one Kambo though. We're not snobs. I have none.
Major takeaway: Dentists make bank.
Man, I hope the cops or FBI or who case this would be,  get that guy.
Hoovie what are you talking about??? You still have a pink one to sell!!! Lol
the Alfa 164 is still a beautiful design,I had the lancia Thema on the same base ,along with the saab9000 and fiat Croma
It would not be difficult at all to catch the scammer.
THE RICH get richer everyday, make vacation and collect more money, easy life. Then I could also laugh all day long.
Can’t believe you even sold your 348 :( I’ll miss seeing that car driven by you.
You need to add a Kia Stinger GT2 to your collection.  Bang for the buck, its the best performance / fun / daily driver with all the tech out there!
Selling all those cars you can finally be able to afford to fix that Diablo :D that's great. Which of course I am kidding because you will still be in big debt once that's done naturally. All jokes aside it's not so bad. You got to enjoy owning and driving these cars. Now you can move onto other cars to make new experiences with. There are a plethora of other cars to experience. It's not the end so time to look forward to the next car that breaks down I mean needs rescued.
I'm surprised JR didn't buy the X5🤣
I can't believe you sold your Grandma's car..
Wow, great read for Policy Genius.
Cant wait to see the new cars
Just curious...if the insurance company that paid it off and sold it for salvage, didn't list it as salvage...is it indeed salvage?
At 17:30 Tyler came SO CLOSE to banging his head on that garage door.....
that Vette is a lifetime car
where is your Grandma's Mercedes ? you didnt say anything about it
He's absolutely right about the insurance. Starting low and going up meanwhile telling you to just renew and enjoy the savings
Ayeeeeee that's my Reddit post! What's up, Hoovie? Hope you had run reading our conspiracy theories
Frausters are the worst, absolute scorge  of the earth
At least the Lamborghini's are here to stay, considering you sold half your collection, does that mean an Aventador is coming? Would be a nice thing for you to complete the V12 lambo collection (Minus the ones pre countach, they are worth a crap ton)
No bmw's, sounds like a good thing.
What's next? Hoovie buys the cheapest pickup truck.
so he basicallly just sold hid Junk 💀💀💀
It will buff out .
I bet you. He might just go for the biggest hoovie of em all. That Bugatti
Hoovie:  You are giving me hives walking in that garage with the lifts at head level!!!!  Put them down!!!  You do not need to knock any sense into yourself at this point...it would ruin the channel!
Are we not going to talk about the Alfa 164 at the Wizard's?
I hope the Channel wont dry out. Looking forward to see whats coming.  But i hope the SL hasnt been sold
You should private the for sale video if none are being sold from now
Hoovie is getting ready for this tax season early
Hoovie: "I'm selling all of my cars." Also Hoovie: "I don't want to sell it."
I’m happy to see almost half your collection go to good homes.
Aww bye bye all cars. But I can sense he is gonna buy 1 or 2 very expensive vehicle.
Wow. Lots of 'em gone. Sad that the Sprite's going. But hey! You'll get as much cars in like a year from now! lol People thinking this thing with you three doing a "I'm selling" video are dumb. We're on Youtube! When a trend start, Youtubers follow. That's as simple as this. Oh, BTW, did Apollo stay, or were you dumb enough to sell it again?
Would it be sinnacle of me to assume some folk bought one of hoovies cars to try and bump the views/subscribers up on thier own youtube channel? Dude that bought the hummer, 76 subscribers and plugging his own channel....hmmmm 🤣
This man really didnt offload the Bentley for a profit?? The most hoovie thing ever!!!
The lambo guy is definitely going to make another video crying
Hoovie's garage. Was the lot for your house cheap with the high power hydro lines running right next/over it!
Common theme BMW's are not dreams, they are nightmares junkers
So a used car dealer advertised a bunch of cool cars then wouldn’t actually sell them for his own asking price. Wow, cool story dude.
Making a quick buck before the market crashes. Also in COP26 most countries agreed to stop producing ICE vehicles in 2040 so they're just going Dodo.
Hoovie: ow you want to give more then what i paid for the car ? Sorry not for sale 😂🤣
Where’s the M3?
I hope your putting at least half to most of your wealth into BTC. INFLATION IN COMING!!!! THINKINGS ARE GANNA COST 5× TO 1000X LITERALLY WITH IN THE NEXT 5YRS... INFLATION HEDGE OF A LIFETIME.
did you sell the diablo?? :(
Congrats
Nice Picard reference.....
About 15 years ago, I had a guy that was going to sell me his 1982 Corvette. We agreed on a price and it looked like a done deal. On the day I go to pick up the car he starts talking about how great the car is. How many memories he has with it. Blah, blah. After 10 minutes of being dragged done memory lane, he decides not to sell the car. I still hate that guy.
I hope you didn't sell your Grandmothers Benz?
Get ppf for the countach
hmmmm you sold the Bug-Eye... *unsubscribe  Well, ok, maybe I'll stick around, but Im not happy.
There's an AUDI R8 to fill one of those empty spaces coughWatchJRGocough....
Glad he kept the 348
So basically kept everything expensive!
This might be odd but I think not only the people he talked about selling but also Heavy D sold a lot of his inventory.  I really think that more than a hand full of you tubers can cause a market crash or pop I just hope everything sells alright.  People don't liquidate without good reason and the prices we all know are too damn high! Hoovie might not be making much but still. To: Hoovie, why did you sell your 350 GT mustang I would have drawn the line there glade to hear the BMW are going
I bet the wizard is crying lol!
"EuroAsian Bob" is the most annoying fucking name ive ever heatd
Did he really sold his 73 Grandmas Merc???
10 days time and he'll be back to 40 cars
Wow this is the earliest I've ever been
Dump the Lamborghinis hovvie
I wonder what Reddit is going to say now after this video
Good move. Now time to accept the kingdom that God is offering you. Turn to Jesus He is the ONLY way!
Sad to see the Shorty-Sporty go! That, and the R I P T I D E  B L U E  Escalade!
If you had had the Excursion, I might've purchased it.
Only Hoovie, but you like the guy.
So you put prices on cars and then didn’t sell them when you got the asking price? Thanks for the click bait glad we could help.
Good time to sell
😑
Really? no body offered for the Diablo? 😲
I would have unfollowed you if the Vette was sold.
There is always someone who is trying to scam ppl by being someone else. I think you need a 68' charger into the fleet
Where is the sls?
How much for the Pink Jeep behind you?
I dont feel so bad about paying 5700 for my 130k Dakota Rt now, considering yours is 180k for 5000. Yours looks cleaner, mine looks meaner. Lowered, wheels, headers etc. Love your dumb channel Ty.
How do you insure to drive them all?  I'm in Canada and Insurance is my biggest issue.  I  have 11 vehicles.
kind of funny all these youtubers get sponsored by websites that sell vehicles, then proceed to sell the vehicles by themselves...    i know, i know... if i had a million subscribers, why would I use auto tempest...
Hoovie you must be a Multi Millionaire to have 40 nice vehicles like you sold How do you make so much money Hoovie?
At least we got to see a cool video!
They are selling are their car's because the market going to fall lol. Today the most expensive car ever sold at auction. The most expensive f1 car was sold to a private collector this week.
Good to see you’ve kept the lambos
What about your first car Hoovie? Surely thats not gone.
Good. Now go buy a porsche 9FF
it's so depressing
What happened to the car at Maaco?
Dont cut yourself short, you saved everyone of those vehicles from pure negelect and provided the stepping stone for there next journey... and remember those two lambos are a 50 cent sign away from freeing up capital for the rest of ypur life, youll be aight!!! Stay safe and take care everyone. Stoked for the motortrend series!!!
Thank you man
You didn’t sell your Grandmother’s Mercedes?
Your over-generalization of "Nobody wants to do their job anymore" is a real shithead thing to say.   Really?  NOBODY?  so you spoke to absolutely everyone?  Do YOUR job and fix the title.
Who had scam for views as the real reason for the last video in the pool? Being offered what he asked showed he was conning us, but at least we're not out of pocket.
Noooooo, Did you sell grandma's Mercedes?
Hoovie! Thank you for not selling the Corvette, any of the Lamborghini's and Ferrari's, and the Beck Spider Those cars are keepers!
Sounds like your trying to buy the bugatti... Lol
Rare win a few 1000s .  Keep cars that will profit 35 to 50k plus OK .
Hoovie is an idiot for not letting the vette go for 85k 🤪
Keeps the Countach and the 348... smart man.
"whoever I sell it to, it's just gonna ruin their lives."
One day Bob is going to break and go postal on Hoovie with a machete.  Its Euro Asian Bob dammit.
Thank heaven you kept the Corvette. Did you keep your Gandmas car? I hope so.
That white lambo is a million dollar car. Like maybe you’re an old man so you can’t tell. BUT LOOK AT THE CAR. Maybe not now but if you ever sell that you’re gonna be sorry every single time. Those will go for 25 mill one day 😂 maybe in 20 more years but one day
Disappointing to hear "I was offered what I asked but I'm not selling" so often in this video.
Thank God he didn't sell that Vette....
So, now that you've sold a bunch of cars, would you be interested in buying a Hooptie Rescue Mission candidate? I have a 1982 Dodge Omni 024.
Ya need more pavement for.....ummm less mowing...ya thats it...not for more parking...just for less mowing. Haha
I would of taken that red Trans am! That was a nice ride
So, the SL and the SLS are staying? Also all the Lambos, Ferraris and the Z8? I'm OK with that.
the one that I find the cutest in the collection is going to a new owner...  no more Austin Healey on the channel :(
I can't well to find out why these guys are all selling their cars in this way. Must be for the latest CarTrek
Sell the lambo while it’s worth 500k!!
Wish I was in the states so I could've gotten that ws6 for so cheap
Love Car Wizard’s reaction!   So good.   I could not hit the play button fast enough.
Call me impressed you actually did it.
Looks like a lot of my favourites that i didn’t want to see go are sticking around! RELIEF!
16:32 Alfa unrelated or are we getting into _serious_ hooptie territory?  Also, I know you would never sell it, but I really need to see the SL.
How come you didn't use Cars & bids?! lol
Stoked that you’re still gonna do a video on your Beemers! That has been a fun series to follow. I’m way too scared to buy any BMW of that vintage so it’s been nice to live vicariously through you.
Anyone else email Hoovie about several cars and got no response at all? Disappointing
Congrats
Elrond: “Hoovie! Throw your cars into the fire, sell them all!!”  Hoovie: “No 😏.”
iMovie is for windows?
Would hate to have been one of those buyers that met his offered sales price and then he flip/flops and says he isn’t selling it, disappointing.
2:57 to skip the ad
What about your granny's SL?
Kansas titles look a lot like Washington titles
I would have to keep the '66 Corvette, its probably his most reliable sports car with fresh big block power
Hoovie!
Could make a profit on the worst car in your fleet and you pass... lol.
One of the 3 dislikes is probably the fake Hoovie scammer 🤦‍♂️
Ahhh yes, internet forums, the place where a guy in 2007 said that he foresees bad things with putting touchscreens on phones
8:23 water drop from ceiling, maybe a roof leak
So basically, he's not selling most of his cars.  LOL!
I’d be more interested in those Outrun arcades in the back!
I appreciate the Harbor Freight Power washer back there. I love mine, haha.
All car YouTube channels are going ELECTRIC....
i wanted the mustang
So...hoovie.... your a millionaire now?
Nice you can finally get new hoopties
Urination Bob gonna make some cash with that 10 car bundle he bought
Congratulations on selling most of your cars hoovie
Hoovie - “buys all the cars, sells all his cars.” Deleted his Chanel. Ight ima head out🐸
Ahhh the riptide blue... what a fun drinking game that was
Your insurance must be a lot cheaper now 😂
If you actually sold those lambos for anything short of a konisegg I’m sending you chainmail
What happened to the Star Trek poster?! Thats the only conspiracy I care about
Put some PPF on that Countach!
Damn I wish I would have money for that Firebird. I would’ve bought that.
JIPPI! Hes keeping the Countach!
So you gonna buy some boats for Wizard to work on :) I see where this is going!
The comments below are golddddd
Buy low..sell high..✌
When you sell the contents of your garage for the next DLC cars in GTA Online.
If the current U.S. regime with its insane hatred for gasoline/diesel has its way and the loons stay in power all these fine automobiles will be nothing but expensive garage or  lawn ornaments...
Selling the Countach was a crime sir…
Now he can use the garage as a playroom for the kids.
Policy Genius just forwarded me to the insurance company website, waste of time.
15 years and Motor Trend finally hires someone worth listening to.
Im so sad hoovie it’s been a ride man, you came so far! Excited for what’s next
" The M5 is going to a friend of mine" . Two months later Hoovie has lost 1 friend. :)
"X5s. They are absolute, total disasters" should have gotten an M54 3.0i X5. It's what I did, FUCK the V8s.
Great idea liquidation before incoming financial crisis
Let me know if you'll be giving out any more cars in Wichita any time soon 💯🤝🏿
Valve seal problems on a BMW?!  Nah, couldn't be.
Fair and honest, respect.
You crazy glorious mother.
.5 Seconds after relapse, he bought 50 cars to replace the 40 sold.      growth is what you call it.
Commodore Hoover has lost his fleet, I guess he's just Captain Hoover now.
So when is the "I need to sell my Wife, Children, and House!!" episode coming? :)
He sold all of his cars, so his kids can ride the power wheels in the garage!
I have feeling Tyler is goin to buy that hanger !! No more renting I feel he is goin to invest into planes and super cars
I thought EuroAsian Bob was Urination Bob if wasn't for the dealership photo
SECRET: Tyler secertly saving for that burnt chiron haha
So now you can buy gold and a bunker and wait for the s to htf.
Hoovie is more successful as a non-dealer selling broken cars than he was as an actual dealer 😂
If you sold your first car I will be mildly perturbed… mildly…
"There's no conspiracy"? THAT'S WHAT SOMEONE IN ONE WOULD SAY! Haha, cover blown!
I hope Apollo 911 stayed.
I think Hoovie has built a new castle and is starting a new collection.
Sickening. 🤢  I understand though.
I’m sure it was terrible lining your pockets with hundreds of thousands during the used car spike..lol…I’m happy for you..
you are going to miss them...all to get a car that can't even really be driven in anger?
Obviously, just like Elon Musk, you wanted to pay your fair share of taxes.
Come get this Edsel It's yours if you come today
Hoovie's Empty Garage doesn't have the same ring to it.. does have an echo though
Its a sad empty garage when you can see the arcade cabinets in his garage
Is congrats in order? How the hell does it feel?
Most importantly tho, I can’t believe you are planning to buy that Bugatti 😱😱😱
autotempest finally cut everyones's contract.
Easy to say 😂😂
hoovie what is your favorite car?
Oof
Going all in on Bitcoin now?
Good for you man.. Can't wait to see what the next adventures will bring
Hoovie Buying a Chiron? What is he doing? Hugest Tax Write off?
Hope the lambos , z8 ,s ls & the H1 arw still here
Woah never been this early
Your videos are always timed perfect for my lunch break, thank you! Haha
1 minute ago🥰
The hooptes will be missed
Almost 1st, and probable the 1st in the UK :-)
Hoobies garbage
Noti gang
Hooves now legit a millionaire
I've never been this early to a Hoovies Video. I feel weird. Where are all the comments!?!?!
Not the Wizard hitting Hoovie bc he’d now won’t have cars to work on😂
Still can't believe he didn't accept my offer for his Diablo, smh
love you tyler
im here early. Like super early. Can I get  hoovie bless?
I LOVE HOOVIES GARAGE 🇺🇸
Already a dislike, wtf. You know your doing it right when your haters show up way early.
third view!
Sweet!  More hoopties!
👌🏾
Time to fill the stable back up!
Lol
First
first
