Receive an Amazing New Player Pack, only available for the next 30 days! Play Conflict of Nations for FREE on PC or Mobile: 💥 https://con.onelink.me/kZW6/HeavyDSparks
your career "started to take off"😆 good one!!!!!🤣🤣
That simulator is a phenomenal training aid, allowing Pilots to experience incidents and failures in complete safety.
A very interesting summary of your  progression thru your chopper Qualifications  Top Introduction and great plan you have   😅😅😅😅😅  Yeah pitty Trumpf doesnt have the Same Respect  😢😢😢😢😢
Wanted to fly ..cant afford it in my country figured settling for fpv drone is fine ..having fun
hahaha, kakšen naivec, še vedno verjame v "svobodo" in v "ameriške sanje". sikorsky, izumitelj helikopterja je napovedal, da bo v 20. stoletju helikopter zamenjal avto pa tega še danes nimamo. zakaj ne? zato, ker je vladar sveta obseden s kontrolo. leti lahko samo vojska in policija, ki je v službi velekapitala. in to je vseeno kje, tako je v rusiji, na kitajskem in v ZDA. zbudite se!
I am a Double Amputee and I don't know you Sir HOWEVER, I WOULD FEEL VERY SAFE TO HAVE YOU FLY ME ANYWHERE.  I always wanted to learn to fly a helicopter and I love the Blackhawk. Please be safe and best of luck to you. I love following you on your channel.
I started flying RC helicopters back in 2002, in 2003 I meet a CW5 Flight Instructor who taught Flight Instructors on the Blackhawk. He was a customer at my shop and thought it was the coolest thing that I flew RC helis. He said he wanted to meet up and ride our bikes to Hunter Army Airfield in Savannah, GA (1 hour from my house) and put me on their Blackhawk simulator. It was pretty much the same thing you were flying in, just older and had monochrome screens. I flew for 1.5 hours, did 5 successful autorotations, and had a bunch of officers trying to recruit me back into the Army. I was an active duty mechanic for 4 years, got out in '96. Nobody could believe I flew as well as I did without at least 100 hours of flight training, when all of my experience was with a Raptor 30 Nitro RC heli. LOL The real thing is actually MUCH easier!!! I never pursued and flight training, but I did find my ticket to altitude therapy in Powered Parachutes. Have been flying those for 6 years, 252 flights now!  I used to watch your TV series, was disappointed when it never came back on. Only recently did I find your YouTube channel, now I'm binging all your content! Keep being the coolest of the cool. ;)
How much money from that dumb  game and sponsorship went into this bird….? And how much has it cost your subscribers?
good job
What business were / are you involved in to afford the Blackhawk and other airframes that you own?  I am a former A-7 Corsair II maintainer.
USA#1🤜🌟🤛🇺🇸💯🤠
I went to burbank airport back in 1979 on a 2 for1 deal to learn to fly helicopter, the trainer was cool, and he knew how to tell if you will make a good pilot, he explained the in and outs then took by buddy up first , trainer called it nab a beerand it was a r22 gas powered anyway he takes you up to 500 feet, hovered for a sec then dropped to 10 feet, if you puke you wont make it, and you had to clean your mess up, my buddy went up came down and up it came, when i went up and down i asked for seconds, i went for it and it is the most exhilarating experience anyone could have, just like parachuting, i have 28 jumps, so anyone wanting to know how it feels go ask for a ride, and ask to nab a beer...
Fascinating,  compelling viewing. Even though Diesel Dave thought it was a 'will it start' vlog. 😂😂😂
Why is Hans featured in these videos? He does nothing, seems to know nothing?
Time to get a CH-53 or a CH-47!
Saw you flying right seat in videos.   Appreciate the back-story.
Where did you learn to fly helicopters?
Man I hate seeing Kamala Harris adds on your channel.
As it should be.  You need to fly a reasonable copter for ten years before you even think about it
I see a Blackhawk flying around my local airport in London, KY. I never thought about it being private owned.
I might seen you flying in Arizona
I can’t wait until you get your Chinook Helicopter!!
Amazing fun fact: Sikorsky has delivered over 5,000 Blackhawks over the years! 😳😎
Ну и проблемы у вас в Америке
You should make a Blackhawk playlist, very inspiring what you do thank you for taking the time to share
Congrats on getting a Black Hawk. Although I can't believe you managed to get on an army base in a tee shirt.
Jetlag without a jet....hmmmm
This sounds like 100s of thousands of dollars to me lol
When he said bump started, I nearly lost it. That was funny.
When he said bump started, I nearly lost it. That was funny.
I want one so bad
Do you ever wear a flight suit & helmet?
Conflict of Nations -- WW III, well, that is what Putin is playing right now!!
When once you have tasted flight, you will forever walk the earth with your eyes turned skyward for there you have been for there you will forever long to return.
Hum did you get the thing updated bc I just seen you on a video use it for business use going to change the tire on the company truck. Also you are doing the flight for vets thing that's certainly flying people around and would be classified as a business action...............
YOU GUYS ARE ALL LIVING THE DREAM
this is certified 15T p*rn. I've been removed about 7 years and this is bringing me back in a big way man. I appreciate the video and the thorough detail you put into it. If you ever wanna fly with a crew chief let me know! Keep up the amazing content.
Got to fly them for free for 20 years
Requires quite the pocket book. Good for You Dave❤.
I am a retired 20 year Army Fixed and Rotary winged pilot.  I am a Master Aviator (over 8,000 total hours)with an Airline Transport Pilot (ATP) multi-engine and commercial instrument helicopter ratings. Watching your video of working with the Arizona National Guard brought back many memories of my military training experiences.  I appreciated your enthusiasm and respectful overview of the professionalism and safety the training program instilled.  Flying is a fantastic way to make a living but is also dangerous.  I think your approach to proper ground school and flight training is tremendous example for others to follow. Thanks for shining the light on proper preparation.
Thank you Brother
thank you for your inspiring attitude and just being who you are without  trying to be cool  God Bless you  and your family even more
This man makes me realize how poor I really am.
How high can it fly?
Came with high hopes, left realizing I am super poor.  That aside, I appreciate the look into the process, good job on video.
I wish I found your channel sooner I need hard work in my life but I feel like I gotta retake school first to renail the knowledge in my brain again 😂
EVERY man cave should have a full motion simulator! So when are you going to build one for yours?
Do you think you could continue your content with your black hawk???? Very cool owning an x military helicopter in civilian. would like to see more of your adventure with your helicopter
So how long before you got a visit from the government?
Dave i know you got a excellent deal on the blackhawk
I’ve just watched the Blackhawk videos is there an update on your mission 17/11/2023
Very informative, thanks for the training, we all want a safe flight !!!!!!
Great content love your passion for aviation.
Congratulations on your journey with your Blackhawk
kinda got lost on this buying my helicopter part... :D :D
UH-60 is awesome 😍
These guy’s are absolutely amazing
Not going to lie, I would love to bet he engineer who gets to build those design those simulators. Now that being said, I still am mind blown how pilots remember all the switches and procedures.
Do you think you will ever get a Chinook?
Absolutely love these video, impromptu and plus any helicopter video is an instant watch.
Inspiring content for anyone looking to fly. Been following several others learning to fly. Great adventure.
I’m a female fan! A motorcycle riding, diesel loving (and driving) single mom and full time chef and as a matter of fact a student commercial helicopter pilot in Alberta Canada! I found your channel looking for helicopter videos! I was also inspired young at the age of 9 after my first helicopter experience with our stars air ambulance! I knew I’d fly one day. After 4 kids, a divorce and kicking breast cancers ass, I’m 25 hours away from achieving my dream!  My kids and I can’t get enough of you guys! Love and respect diesel brothers! and may you always stay blades up, skids down ❤
It's funny how he said there's only a "handful" of the flight simulators around the country.  Uh bud theres 2,789 of them in the United States alone. And they cost around 5-15 million dollars. Like what dude? A handful... a legit 2 second Google search would of told you this.
As someone who has flown the coin operated kiddy helicopter at the mall at least 5 times, I really appreciate this content.
Thanks for the recruitment bonus.  I have memories of riding in hueys and chinooks over mtns and rice paddys.  It was always a gas, no matter the mission.  Young men and capable women can get free education in many fields in service to our country.  Thanks again!
you gotta get your commercial
I am enjoy Daves overall enthusiasm.
I'm a retired Blackhawk pilot. Hire me and really teach you how to fly that machine!
I was a crew chief for F16 and F117s ... we didn't have all the sim stuff... we used old aircraft that were unserviceable to train on at first, then HOT training in Luke AFB... then move on from there... very cool to watch this... happy for you man.
Dang a receipt of food to fix a helicopter 🤪
Bro needs to bring it to a airsoft battle
Yup. You got the bestest toys!
Greetings from South Africa, love your channel and passion for what you do. Thanks for keeping it real
Thank you very much for your respect for our military/veterans.
K..think of a blackhawk like a freaking mega yacht ..around 15% of the cost of the helo brand new is maintenance cost EVERY year...it could be more maybe 30%..so 30% of 40 million every year..big boys toys are bought by those who can afford it.
Only fault is that the real enemy is Word economic forum and The Green dictatorship
Watching this video, I can´t  imagen a tesla helicopter.
Is there an update? Or did you abandon in favor of the new Dauphines?
Wow Que tanta información
is the Blackhawk single pilot certified? I come from the fixed wing world just curious
As a retired Michigan army national guard veteran I want to say THANK YOU, for showing your support for the military.
The military never gets good graphics. 16 years and we still use Nintendo one 8 bit graphics
Ot sounds like hes saying black c**k hahahahahaaha
Peace of cake,,
Great video
Well that doesnt make sense in another video you claimed the first helicopter you owned was a rotoway (kit helicopter) now you are saying it was a bell which in no way is a kit or rotoway... so how much do yall lie about?
Didn’t yall do a fake shill video for that scam company?
Hey Heavy D, doubt you'll see this. Have you thought about allowing your local law enforcement to use your aircraft (you PIC) for SAR operations? I've seen this a few times but I'm sure it would help our your local LA a lot
are you taking the piss? a $36 dollar reciept and a $96 reciept lmfao i pay more for bicycle parts
Who cares
I'd love to learn how to fly, but being a disabled veteran the government barley gives you enough to survive so I can't afford it lol
Awesome  !!
Be kind to one another.  Stay safe.  Love to all
This guy say you can be an instructor with a private license?
I'm not keen on your sponsor.   War is not a video game. I guess you do what you need to in order to finance the price of this    marketing tool.
Looks like Dave spent some time below the hard deck
Conflict of Nations GOOD Raid Shadow Legends BAD
How to be a helicopter pilot: Step 1: be rich Step 2: profit
I’m sure they are famous for something….
No offense to the company but I would not go into a Robinson helicopter ever. To many tail rotor mishaps
100LL is being phased out worldwide, being replaced with a couple unleaded fuel types. In the USA there is 94UL and 100UL from a couple fuel companies. Lycoming engines are already compatible (and have been for over a decade it turns out), Continental has been building their engines to be compatible since at least 2019. The "lead" was merely a cheap means of boosting the octane rating. It served no other practical purpose in the piston engine and there are less harmful to living beings additives which can be used instead of lead. Ethanol is one, but there are others also, which is why we have 94 octane unleaded for example without ethanol in it. Ethanol is just common for auto-gas because its cheap, and because it lowers the energy content of the total fuel, people get worse mileage and have to buy more gas... this is why so many oil companies have switched to ethanol blended gas production and why they lobbied for federal and state subsidies for corn farmers to grow the corn to make the ethanol.
skip to 2:00 to skip bullshit conflict of nations
Military is a great way to get your licenses. People say “wow they pay ME to learn to fly?!” Oh don’t worry, you pay for your training eventually
If you have no money and want to fly, join the military, simple as that.
Team up with elon musk AI pilot to Pilot your Apache war helicopter
The coffee cup of torture
Rich boy
Hey I think the military is gay🏳️‍🌈🇺🇸
Coming through flight school, my IP gave me a yaw boost hard over in a blackhawk sim. It works out to something in excess of 250lbs of pressure in one pedal, although I don't think the sim went anywhere near that.. I followed the procedure and continued on and then he swapped the boost to opposite pedal. As the nose started to snap around I stomped the opposite pedal so hard I stripped the gears out and broke that multi-million dollar piece of equipment. We wrapped up, called it day and it never got mentioned again.
COULD YOU PLEASE BUY A V280
The need for speed
Those arms need some tattoos ASAP. Fashion advice.
thought the oral exam meant something different for a sec...
Can I own a Blackhawk? SURE if ya got the money! Can I fly it now? No. Pay more money.
Don't loose your dinosaur!.
This is a dream I never knew I had
This is even more American then Demo Ranch!
One good piece of advice I would have, which I’m sure many others may have mentioned: if you want to start from square one as a pilot and eventually want to become a commercial pilot whether airlines or helicopters, try to get a first or second class medical before you start training. This lets you know if you have any conditions that would keep you from being a pilot before you pay all the money for training.
You guys are awesome love your channel and your enthusiasm for life. God bless you all🇺🇸🇺🇸
Old joke in aviation goes something like this. How do you become a millionaire with a career in aviation? Easy, you start with 2 million, buy a $500k helicopter and operate it for a year. By now you only have a million dollars left. Congrats, you're a millionaire.
What are you buying from Walmart or Costco to help get the BlackHawk in the air?
Worked on UH-60A and L's for the army myself.  Pretty damn cool seeing this kinda stuff in civilian land.
I love uuu
Just for interest. Have you ever tried any ("real") pc simulators to compare it to that real one? I mean those kind that really "consumer simulates" those "warbirds"..? (like dcs etc). Just wondering to know, how much the flying itself in em differs from real copter SIM. Ofc a lot, i could imagine, but still would love to know, how different that is. There was interesting article, couple of months ago in a Finnish aviaton magazine, that US Military starts to "fusion" the graphics of gamehouses to their sims. PC stuff has gone so far so fast, that gaming sims has gone over from many real sims, what comes to graphics. Which is kinda understoodable. I can only wonder how those real sims are in ten years. VR is going to mindblow the shit out from em. 3d addss so much immersion in simulators, that I just did not understand how much was that, before trying. (have flown couple of real (not home computer) sims myself also, not ever a helo one though.. ) Thanks for VERY interesting video. Never really thought how much choppertraining it self takes dedication. I´m totally not a copter pilot, but i could imagine, that copter, if some, is that kind of aircraft that you just need to feel the movements with own "ass", to balance with it..
u should buy a jet could be fun
Such a cool thing you are doing. Here in New Zealand we have one Blackhawk which caused a big buzz in the aviation community as you would imagine. I've yet to see it in person but they are an awesome helicopter!
My instructor told my flying is the second greatest thrill known to man!!!  Landing is the first!
Why would you buy Bose headsets for each pax seat, when you’re restricted to only 1 pax in the front seat?
So how much total we talking?
Can’t become a flight instructor with private license .
Go to Afghanistan.  The Taliban are hiring and will train you… At tax payer expense. You might get a free chopper too!
Yea, usually takes a year of flight school in the Army, and thats learning by fire hose cramming information day in and day out.
I know no one will see this comment, but im liking subbing, commenting and downloading that app so you can get more money for this project. I think it’s so badass. Keep doing what you love !
so basically with money, you can skip half of your training..love the capitalism
Make a film Black Hawk Up.
The incredibly extensive traing in every type of machine is why we'll never have flying cars.
next you need a Kiowa LOL
Sorry Dave not interested in playing a world domination video game with your only way to real conflict
You're going to freak out so many non-sober people flying over houses.
Dude love your vlog but put a shirt on with sleeves. We don’t want to see, smell or have your underarms touch us in a hug. I know you want to show off your muscles but come on have a little consideration for others. I hope you take this the right way
Great job using a Schweizer! Stay out of those damn Robinson boys and girls. I don't even like it when a Robinson flies near me...
There are 5'2" women that fly this thing it can't be that hard
Damn YouTube pay damn good money lol
One pilot who flew this chopper up side down in Turkish airforce ..
Great film I have however one comment, defending your nation in my eyes means you stay  with your guys in your nation with no foreign bases, you may be guests by other NATO  nations but not be stationed in force outside the US ! I respect your right to defend your nation, you guys need to learn however to respect the other nations in the world which you are not doing at the moment. Red card bully  red card !
Does your Blackhawk have a cd player? 😁
love to see ya get a seahawk...peace
Love it no setbelts?
Need to pimp out the interior with some crushed velvet and shit.
I missed something , you didnt have money for instruction, but you can buy a bell 206?
Practising emergencies like autorotation tail rotor fail would be  cool
i liked how you opened with how expensive it is to own and show a receipt for 3 dollars lmao
So is your Blackhawk still going to be a 2 pilot helicopter?
Not a pilot here- the simulator looks awesome. Question. can simulator time go against the 40-hour prelim, a small amount of it or must be in seat real life hours.
Any theroy work?
Hi D! I was wondering if your Blackhawk has the same performance as the ones flown in combat. This is my favorite helicopter and have seen several videos talking about their need to move all aircraft to the “digital battlefield” but they don’t say how the Blackhawk figures into that evolution.  By the way. I think you should get a chinook. You have the guys for the three crew you would need.
I got to see you fly by West St. Louis County, Ballwin, Missouri in it. I knew the sound but seeing it? I thought the CIA's Black-Ops was in West County. Ha! Keeper flyin!
Are there new vids or does Dave still own the Blackhawk?
Hey man, I am a fairly new subscriber and recently found your videos but i love your content!   I am an active duty Army pilot out in Ft Irwin CA. I fly both the Blackhawk and the Lakota and I have been to WAATS a few times.  If you ever need a copilot, i'm totally down!
Are you a veteran? Had my first flight in Korea1974. Scared the hell out of us!
I am impressed! Goodstuff
You can buy planes for cheap! Shows $150K Bonanza... Me over here paying $200/hr to rent a Cessna 172 😒
Just wondering. I have watched many of your videos. After doing that and getting a feel for your particular personality and then seeing you take the rather the rather bold decision to purchase a Blackhawk helicopter, I couldn’t help but wonder why? I am a Vietnam veteran and during my time there, 67-68, I did a lot of time in many different types of helicopters so I can’t help but wonder, given your personality and skill set, why you didn’t choose to get a Hughes 500 ? I can’t hardly see you in anything else.
Well, I have eggs on my face.  After asking Heavy D about the process of converting/refurbishing his Blackhawk, lo and behold he tells us in a previous video I hadn't yet seen, that the whole process is available on Thorobred Aviation's website/channel. I'll be jumping over there after I catch up on Heavy's mine equipment rescues.  AWESOME!!!
That’s neat I was just there for Lakota maintenance course
Awesome 😀😀
Pardon me for mentioning this, but don't you need an FCC commercial license  for ANY flight performed for profit, including those that generate revenue from other sources like YouTube or other publishing?  I'm a bit rusty on my FARs, but I do recall a story about a guy that was busted and fined a while ago becuase he did not have a commercial UAV  license and used footage from his drone flights to help his YT channel and advertising of his business.  Remember the motto of the FAA:   'We're not happy, until you're not happy'.
Dude you're worth over $600 million dollars paying bills shouldn't be anything.
You said you decided to to go the rotorcraft route but then said that once you had your licence, you could go out and hire aircraft and helicopters. (Both ‘aircraft’ but fixed wing and rotary wing.) Are you saying that you can train on a helo, get the licence then fly fixed wing? Sounds a bit weird.
That's pretty cool 😎
Hey buddy 👋 , I've sent a Lotta warnings about the TAMARACK WINGLETS,  they will fail on any aircraft,  for being independ of cockpit controls , and cannot be corrected 😠
Hey buddy 👋 ¿ I'm real cold here in Henderson NV . See if u can track me . q0c m0x K1BL
hi what was the cost of the blackhawk usd?  how were you  able to buy the helo military helicopter?    my cousin sells helicopters down here
Get loscinsed as an instructoor
Just fucking speach ! Are here to lecture as professional?  We wanna see your bad  guy's flying  not you boy.
i worked on some of those hangers. cool to see the work i have done in your vids
Many years ago at age 17, I took my first ever ride in a helicopter: 5 minute tour ride in a Bell-47 "Bubble" helicopter. I was hooked! Loved the feeling of that kind of flying. Fast forward a bunch of years while I served on active duty in the Marines (Ground Communications Equipment Repair) got married and started a family. I found a flight school very close by that taught helicopters.  Convinced my wife to humor me with an introductory familiarization flight in a Sweitzer-300 with the instructor.  Absolutely loved it! Signed up to begin formal training. It was slow going because I was working full-time and raising a family and paying for an hour here and there when finances and weather and availability all lined up. Then I found the AOPA Flight Training Loan program and made it work. It was still slow going because of my schedule, but I finally achieved my Private Pilot License for Helicopters! I made sure that my wife was my first "official" passenger on a Saturday morning for a short flight to another airport for breakfast. Follow that up over several months with taking my young kids for rides, plus my father and some other relatives for rides to build up time in my logbook. And then my loan funds account ran out of money. Bucket List Goal ACHIEVED!!! In a couple more years after that I had paid off the entire loan with ZERO regrets. I have to say that I'm very jealous of your experience, but love being able to see your videos of it all!  THANK YOU for sharing with all of us! Fly Safe!!!
Thanks for sharing this.
Why a Blackhawk when a Huey is more simple plus it’s more agile
A Huey is way more simple
"Sitting here going over some maintenance Invoices" -shows McDonalds receipt 🤣
Long story made short... if you have millions of dollars you can do whatever you want.
Wasn´t meant to be flown by rednecks.
Just yell, clear prop, and spin the rotor as hard as you can, just like they did in WW1.
I love how you keep pulling fast food receipts as big expenses! XD
You have too much money - should have given the money to me
Wonderful ❤️ Congratulations and to God be all the glory🙏
24:35.......So true!......Anyone who can afford it, the ultimate freedom.
What if you can't afford your own helicopter? Do places rent helicopters to pilots?
I would love to get my pilot's license to become S Air Force pilot
You need an Armageddon Blackhawk bunker like Elon Musk his survival house bunker with a helipad and an elevator to take your Blackhawk Down into the living room
Now you need to put that $2 million dollar camera on the front of that black Hawk helicopter you're there Diesel Dave
I'll come by and fly with ya!  I'm UH60 A/L qualified
THANK YOU         *HeavyDSparks*
DUDE. NOW I have to get one.Thanks for the video. God Bless.
Wishing you the best of luck. The Blackhawk is easy to fly when all systems are working but you must know the systems and how they function together when they go sideways. Best helo for IMC that I’ve ever flown.
A helicopter will only make you significantly poorer lol
Wow incredible congrats
The difference between before and after the custom work is crazy.
2weeks including 40 hrs. Hmm
BO-105 was my first civilian helicopter after retiring from flying big green Marine hardware.  43 years flying mostly helos,  the only check ride I had to do over was my CFI.
With that many switches it looks like they're trying to start up the Millennium Falcon.   My God man !!!
You guys are awesome. Awesome human beings.🔥🇺🇸
Nice D can't wait to see you behind the controlls
YESSS!! saw her on whistlin diesel. damn good looking bird.
Conflict of Nations is the goat
you sure love blac khawk ?
Just curious.. was this de- militarized.. watch Pepsi Where’s my jet if not..
Looks like fun, but so many guys with enough money to buy very expensive toys like high performance or retired military copters and planes, crash them and die. You see it all the time with doctors and lawyers. I hope HeavyD does not get overconfident too soon in this machine.
great training, i've had many training hrs in the sim, great and safe way to train. great video
did you pass the test to fly your blackhawk yet?
Thank you for taking the time to share information on something that you're so passionate about.  When a person loves something as much as you love flying helicopters and building, restoring, customizing, and designing 4 wheel drive off road badass automobiles, it comes out in the clarity and preciseness in which you describe and explain all the nuances and fine details that relate to whatever it is you're specifically covering in regards to whatever interest that it is that you're discussing or explaining.  Your excitement and stoke level found in the information that you're covering is palpable.  It's also very informative and thorough.  I've got the same passion and obsession when it comes to  skateboarding and building really nice modern day firearms with the most technologically advanced components.  Manufacturers   like Knights Armament, Heckler & Koch, Brügger & Thomet, Shadow Systems, Sig Sauer, with Trijicon, Aimpoint, Surefire, Modlite, and Scarlarworks drip.  The most expensive and yet functionally appropriate components and customizations for whatever specific weapon I'm building, based entirely around its specific purpose for the specific needs and task unique to each specific build.  Listening to you methodically explain your training beginning with oral exams, the process of working from a general and broad overview, to the more specific and targeted, advanced training as you move further along, is very similar to the way I describe and explain more specific topics under the broad spectrum of topics relating to firearms in general.  The information comes out very organized, sorted chronologically, detail oriented, etc, which allows the your audience, video's viewer, potential future student, etc., a very informative and easy to understand resource from which to draw information from when and if needed.  And because you're so hyped and passionate about it, it makes it interesting, even if flight school isn't one of the things that is on my list of top priorities or future goals.  Great video big homie.
Heavy. I got my son n law to join the Army back in 1998 he went into Airborne and worked on Blackhawks and retired and now works overseas as a mechanic instructor aka Teacher.  He really done well. He Loves it says they are a good helo
If you do join the guard or military to work on planes and imaginary helicopters, make sure to get your work hours documented for FAA licensing purposes down the road.
My great nephew pilots an AH-64E Apache Guardian, just to see the flying weapon is breathe taking. When I heard what it took to pilot one, I gained a ton of respect in him and all the ones who pilot this beast. I got to go in a simulator with him and it was a good thing my bowls were empty.
Wish I was an American with those posibilities to serve your country... Awesome video and really inspiring! All the best and thanks
Your telling me that I can make the entire world Ohio but just playing Conflict and nations?
My dream is to learn how to fly a helo
I’m sure the army absolutely wishes you were working for them.
We did all the piping and hvac for the flight simulating building on whidbey island in Washington. Got to see the simulators being built, it was a pretty cool experience.
This video is fantastic and as an Army Vet it's really cool for folks to get a view of an incredible machine....who am I kidding..you got actual footage of a CW4...THEY DO EXIST!
Any word on how much longer the Blackhawk is going to be out of service. I enjoy watching your YouTube channel a follower Terry Miller
A small correction.  Simulator time is very much logged as flight time.  Remember, you can do stuff in the simulators that you couldn't (or shouldn't) do in the aircraft.
@18:00 oral test? you mean verbal? or is that how your "the only private citizen with a Blackhawk" 🤣
This is so amazing and such a great way to spend your money go get it 😅
Big Bird . . . Big Test
if I had a pilots license for helicopter pilot I would get a bell 222 and make it look like Airwolf
This i why I love America
Nicely done HeavyDSparks I only flew in a helicopter once, don't remember it. I was unconscious being flown to the hospital.
Army Vet ATC, Airfield Management and Flight Ops Veteran.  I went from Hueys to Blackhawks (among other aircraft), just luv the Blackhawk (CH-54 Tarhe was my favorite - I was one of the last Flight Ops Spec in the Army to dispatch a Tarhe and that was in Alaska), I really do miss them.  Have fun with her Heavy, she will do you right! I'm jealous! :)
Awesome flight training.
You must’ve paid a pretty penny for that Blackhawk helicopter usual price tag is around $30 million that’s brand new the simulator they were using that cost around 10 million they’re built in Canada by the same company that manufactures simulators for airlines 747 737 and sew on those particulars simulators they cost around 6 1/2 million especially for the full motion simulators! NASA has the best one in the world. A bell helicopter 426 Ranger that will cost 2 1/2 to 5,000,000
I'm very proud of you for taking on this challenge cool stuff big D
I love to see your respect in your eyes when you approached the simulator as well when you talk about it.
my uncle is a air force mechanic at hill air force base and is currently modernizing the A-10 warthog
Cool 😃👍
Pero lo lograste campeón saludos desde birmingham alabama
Living the dream, Please be safe out there!!!
Just a badass vehicle to own
I miss working on the Navy version (AD). Lots of flight time back and forth across the states. Continued succession your path to the license.
Wow, as a German that is pretty much a 1:1 Tutorial on how to get a Drivers License (Not a Pilots License, I really mean a Drivers License) here.
Can’t wait to see you fly that thing, I always loved this bird! In middle-east I’ve seen french commandos using them, sadly regular mountain troops like I was just had the Chinook, funny helo but I just can’t stop wondering about the Blackhawk. Never had the chance to fly aboard it during my time!
19:45 this switch to a timelapse scared the shit out of me. Thought y'all were about to crash even though it's a simulator
You had me at why do you fly with your nipples out and I would have said cuz that's how I roll b i t c h e s's. Lol
I enrolled in a aviation science degree with a commercial helicopter license attached through a community college. This was a childhood dream of mine! Finished my ground school (3 years) with a 3.8 gpa, and almost on the very first day of flight training, financial aid sent me a letter explaining that the funding was no longer available (this was in the 2008 recession). Being low income already, that was the end of that dream. I am now in debt over $40k with student loans and nothing to show for it but a dead dream..  God speed to HeavyD and anyone out there pursuing a dream of flight! Don't give up because the dream only ends when you do!
Great job in how you talk to us the viewers about who is sponsoring your videos. 👍🇺🇸
How do people support guys like this? 🤦🏻‍♂️
One thing i went 2 the game in the discription right 2 play and it wont let me as nkt compatible and im using a tablet
So funny story I am watch your video and 11 seconds in you show a receipt from mickey d's where I got punched in the head when I was 13 years old in 1975 small world it is the matrix
I fast forward through ALL ads, pretty much no exceptions. This time I watched the Conflict of Nations ad in full. That's how much I appreciate anyone helping HDS with this colossal undertaking. I cannot wait to see all of the good you guys can do once the Blackhawk is once again operational.
I was an NCO at the WAATS.  Still my favorite duty station.
My neighbor has a couple planes and a helicopter he's been flying for over 40 years never took one test or got a license ...... Said he's never seen one cop up there! I'm sure it's not the same if you rent hanger space and have to deal with inspections.
Click Bait...
Was a crew chief on the Limas for years. If ya ever need a private maintainer/crew chief 😉
Money well spent my son.
is that tail # 38?..nah never worked on or flown in any bird with just 2 digits lol. now triple nickel. that was my bottom B.
When your Rich your Rich.
What does Mr Sparks do for a living? In other words, where did he make so much money?
The Taliban would here this dude in a minute!
So do you have a ppl and a helicopter pilot license also. On the video you say you have your private license and can fly both planes and helicopters. But you have to have the endorsement for both
5 minutes of bla bla bla bla. Im outta here.
Sympathy granted. Now go take a fist full of cash and go dry those tears bud.  Plus, mobile games suck, please have more respect for your viewers. Thanks 😎
As a fellow pilot, great walk through of the training process of becoming a PP to our fellow non-pilots. Can’t wait to see that type rating,Flying that Badass Blackhawk !!
I’m not even gonna fast forward, that’s nice af of them to do that. I wish I could get a patrol boat and do water rescue for swfl
1st step to becoming a helio pilot....have a ton of money..then get your medical...
A smile came across my face. Stories I could tell you. LOL. I'm a retired Army Aviator. I retired in 1990. I haven't flown since. I do miss it every now and then.
"We've been trying to reach you about you blackhawk helicopters extended warranty..."
I'm a retired Sikorsky Aircraft technical representative with over 22 experience on the H60/S70.  Most of that time on the Naval version HH60H as an Avionics rep for the USNR.  I was a rep for the Blackhawk with the US Army and the Australian Army for about two years.  I retired in 2012 and miss the enjoyment I got from figuring out problems with these AC.  I would be happy to give advice to you on any problems you have.
I got my Commercial rating in a Schweitzer 300 CBI. Solid but flies like a truck! Most of my time is in turbines, specifically the Bell 206.
"Military Grade Components"; man, you'd better hope not...
Hey that’s my old LT Zacharias glad to see he made captain. I miss the AZ guard
As a 37 poor person I can only get close to this with my lego helicopter.
Flying is about $400 an hour where I live
Absolutely fascinating and intense
Unfortunately i do not like to fly. However due to an unfortunate accident, i did get to fly in a helicopter. Native air rescue. I will fly in a Helicopter. Dave, if i could, i would fly with you. Thank you for another fantastic video.
As a 25 year old thief this completely resonates with me im very inspired.
rich people problems smh
When they said that they could shoot an RPG at the Helo I was really hoping they were going to do that to him since it was unofficial. That would have been fun to see.
Just wonderin whats up with this project
I’m sayin hmu I’ve been a uh-60 maintainer for 6 years now about to get out of the army I could come work for you and maintain that beast 👀😂
Absolutely Fascinating!
Ww2 pilots be like "a simulator?? *I don't take those drugs* .. Help me with this handcrank Lad" (talking to a guy in his 40s) and then he's like "hand me that" *points to the kerosene* "don't put to much in it Betty wants the house toasty tonight"
4:40 *covid19 vax required to be a pilot*
Flew H-1, H-3 & H-46 in the Navy. When I saw this, I said "Oooofff". The cost per hr of flight at a minimum was $4500, This takes into account of "everything" involved. How you got this "thang" is beyond me :) but cudo's to you my new friend.
Just a suggestion, but I wouldn’t be buying Blackhawk parts at Walmart
I’m shook, you’re able to buy that? I get the pay wall is obscene, even for other developed nations, but holy shit!
Yup watch this video again, it was a great video. Learning about flying a Blackhawk is fun, I hope one day HeavyD gets a "Boeing CH-47 Chinook" because it would be crazy show when that happens!
The BO-105 is an incredible bird, just saying.
GD violation! Belongs to military
Your country bombed my country for "your freedom". Serbia 1999 I am not angry on you, maybe you are a good person with no doubt, but your country stealing from my country so you can buy a Black Hawk but i can't buy even an electric scooter.
Kanduse CW4.... close to seeing a unicorn on camera.
Took me 19 years but I finally went Solo this week.
I have been obsessed with this project, I have been all in waiting for the updates to be posted. You need a win a ride along in this beast plus contest/ be shown all the cool BA things you can in a week 😎 that I win and get to check it all out haha
That was cool!  Thanks for sharing 👍
nice to see a dream come true.....
There's several cheap flying ones available in afghanistan right now!!
Check ride is not easy definitely not one they pass on the first go all the time
Good luck 😂
Dude that is AWESOME! Very informative too. Very happy for you!
How much is a black hawk?
I’ll bet there’s a lot of afghans watching this trying to learn how to fly the gifts Joe Biden left have them.
A-Maze-Ing.
Was really great seeing the WATTS facility.  I was assigned as an Avionic Mechanic with the 1st-285th there before they built all those facilities.  The simulators are supper detailed and allow for the mistakes without anyone getting hurt or loss of equipment.  I have the pleasure now working with Level D C-130J Weapon System Trainers (Simulators) and there is no equal for me.   Very interesting video and thank you.
Dude maintains a BLACKHAWK via shopping in WALMART. Is there anything Walmart doesn't sell????
Two weeks to check ride is nuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuts :O   I was [unfortunately] a Silver State Helicopters student in 2008. We were supposed to have an 18mo course, to get Private, instrument, commercial, external-load, CFI ratings. Weeeeeellll, it was really just a big Ponzi scheme, and the school fell apart. I've got 58 hours in a Robinson R22, but don't have the $$$ to keep going to get my private rating. And we were all on the hook to pay back the private loans that we took out (around what Dave said in the vid). After a class-action suit, we don't have to pay back the whole loan, but, its still a pretty big chunk. Still paying it back 10+ years later :(
3 easy steps to flying a helicopter.   1) some money 2) more money 3) all your money.
D Sparks is nothing to do with you because we on the sides of you whistling Diesel etc,and all these people that government is making war on we coming after, these government people that sworn oath to the Constitution and their violated seven ways of Sunday need to be hung by the neck till dead Bottom Line enter the story
You got my attention, I grew up in the hood I'm 34 and as a kid always  talked about being a pilot . Never did any flying but this is inspiring to start any way I can.
Interesting Video M8  Greetings from Germany 🤟
The fact that he refers to $20,000 - $40,000 for a “helicopter to learn on” is the epitome of elite classism that’s totally unrelatable for most people.
I like the CE-525 type! I am typed in the Citation as well.
We love all content you guys put on your channel!  Possible? Collaboration between Matt's off road? Rory Irish tow mater in Moab they have a couple cars that are in the canyon that are very difficult to get to unless you have a huge crane or possibly a helicopter???  Hint,  hint ,hint,  The state parks or Moab might be grateful if you could help them out?  Maybe the wreckers with a turntable might have a better luck pulling out a full size bourbon/suburban?  Hope to see you up and flying soon?
That autorotation crash is me in VTOLVR's AH-94 module, every single time. lol.
You ever think about building 5 community hospitals, and maybe 5 additional clinics..? Oh, and maybe a cancer center..? In a few years that bird isn't going to be worth sh*t and all your money will be pissed away on useless maintenance..!! How do I know..?3 years with Blackwater, 2 years AECOM, and 21 years aircraft inspector..!! I respect your program, and would advise any youngster to take a look, but actually your future is what's wrong with America. Maybe you can fly Bill Gates around some day..!
I'm a blackhawk mechanic in the Army and I've watched you for years now, so this is badass
Not much here ……
24:40 So you shouldn't polish the pane ;) Great video, I can't wait to see what you'll be using the Blackhawk for later. Wich model is that ex Bundeswehr Helicopter we seen in this video?
God Bless America! Great vid!
You showed your Student Pilot Certification not your Private Pilot. The private pilot has a blue NTSB seal the student cert has a black NTSB seal.
Where do I begin?    By the way, If I misunderstood something, let me add a quick apology in advance. Being a career aviator of 36 years so far, I bristle up (sorry, maybe) when I hear ANY info that is put out, even unintentionally, that is wrong/misleading.  1st of all, a student CAN take instruction and log time via his instructor before he gets his student medical certificate. The certificate is only required prior to his first solo and with his instructors endorsement of said solo. Next, hopefully just a verbal faux pax but, Once you get your private license, you CANNOT instruct or even let others that are not already rated to even touch the controls. And the last one I’ll mention, just for informational purposes, to get your type rating in an advanced machine such as the UH-60, it’ll take more than an hour to complete the checkride unless you get some “Santa” examiner that wants to curry favor with you to get access to the relatively rare civilian Blackhawk.  The oral exam should take at least 2 hours to quiz you on the systems alone, not to mention all the regs (FAR’s), AIM, charts, etc. I guess you’re getting a type rating limited to VFR Only - Mistake, in my (seemingly not so) humble opinion. The training for the instrument rating will make you an all around better pilot, especially since you currently fall into the pilot category of “more money than sense” - Yeah, I said it.  There are a lot of smok’in holes out there with a rookie at the bottom of them because they didn’t know what they didn’t know, still with a death grip on the stick of an advanced machine that they should have went the extra mile or dozen to sure up their skills. Don’t become a JFK Jr…”too much aircraft, not enough training/skill”.  Of course much of his downfall was that no one had the nuts to tell their star student/client that he shouldn’t be flying when he did - and there were plenty of opportunities. My barrage aside, Good Luck with your endeavor - It’ll be a blast.  My messily 50 hours of ‘60 time in my transition course was a brief highlight of my career up to this point.
At 7:14 you said private pilot license. Did you mean to say “certificate” instead “license”?
AA hooah
As and A&P, wished I was in Utah to help you with that...
thats a recipe for McDonald's
I'm sorry if this is random but have you or anyone in the comments experienced bird strike and can share their story?
<3 it! My Flight school owner here in Arizona is in the Reserves here and flys those birds! KGEU Glendale
Way back in 1968, I solo T-craft in five hours, then many hours and years. I left for  Vietnam.
Awesome stuff! I work on these aircraft for a living and I am finally starting my private pilot's license journey next week! my office is 2min from you guys if you ever need some O/H support Let me know.
wow! You must be so intelligent! I see you scuba diving all the time on AWP channel
It almost sounds like getting your CDLs for semi trucks. I know 2 totally different platforms but roughly you do the same requirements med. card, permit, to final exam etc. Also that's awesome you upgraded to the H-60 platform. I used to work in avionics on the SH-60S navy's Seahawks. Loved those birds and how they fly. Great choice good luck with everything
Looking forward to an update.
Stop repeating the same sentence!
a man in a tank top should be banned from laying hand on any type of aircraft... just saying. ..
Piston driven helicopters are expensive to maintain. Turbine driven helicopters are ridiculously expensive to maintain
Bro. You were doing so well until you called the cyclic a joystick hahah
Bro cant wait to see the chopper fly
Excellent video! Thank you.
thats a lot of c02 for one man...
If you make YouTube videos with your helicopter that sure seems like commercial use.
You bought the Blackhawk in Tullahoma, TN?
Absolutely awesome, I'm definitely jealous, enjoy man
As a licensed fixed wing pilot, I make it a rule to never get into anything where the airfoil is moving faster than the airframe.
40 hours over 2 weeks to learn to fly? I wouldn't fly with  anyone who trained that way until they had at least another 100 hours and 4 months of flying in their log...
Hey Heavy D, I spent 25 years working on those simulators and spending 4 hours a night flying them. The simulator will give you the very same feel as the real helicopter even down to vibrations and weather. Good Luck!!
Former commercial helo pilot here. My medical has lapsed & due to my age, it's too costly to get it back. So this is a great place for me to get my kicks vicariously.   Thanks for posting these. It'll be fun following your progress.
Was not able to watch the whole video so not sure you mentioned this.  US Army also has a program called "Street to Seat" you can learn how to fly rotors there for free, but you must do well on the ASVAB
Fraudsters in comments
As a guy eating pizza on a Sunday, this is a YouTube video.
& somehow is still cheaper then what taxpayers pay to the army
That "we've been trying to reach you over you extended car warranty " part made me crack up lmaoo needed a good laugh
There also aren't many private pilots around who can afford to buy a 15 or 20M dollar helo. John Travolta or someone like him comes to mind.
I can't even keep a driver's license I wouldn't consider getting a pilots license LMAO
What a flex!
Good choice, I have many hours in these turds. Wouldn’t of wanted it any other way.
Ya the 300 is Awsome I have about 100 hours in one
United States aviation in Tulsa Oklahoma has one
The ARMY (Military I was in) does not want pilots with ANY FLGHT training.  They want you to have flight attitude and be smart enough to adapt to the correct flight procedures.  I enlisted in 1967 to go to the Warrant Officer for Helicopters . The training was fantastic and it took almost a full year from basic to the end of flight school.  It's a great program and more difficult today and much harder to get in.  After all they needed pilots in Nam back then.  Keep it straight and level!!!
Pretty cool, you fat narcissist.
God bless,, great video.
Black Hawk 40,000 moving parts!
I didnt know Wal Mart has a Blackhawk parts and service dept
Yeah this sounds all good and dandy until you blow a jug on that little Cessna 150 to get your ppl. That JUG is $900.00 plus the cost of the A&P. Since I'm an A&P IA I would charge $1800.00 to replace 1 cylinder. This is one of the ugly benefits of owning your own aircraft. The other is 100LL AVGAS which is $6.75 per gal plus tie down fee $150 a month or hanger fee $500 monthly plus insurance for that Cessna 150 $1800 per year plus what you owe for that Cessna 150 roughly $55k on up $75k oh did I mention if that engine is past TBO (Time Between Overhaul) you will be paying for an overhauled Lycoming or Continental O-200-A engine is $55,000 for that engine or someone like me will rebuild it for less then half if you help
For the HH-60 (Pave Hawk), which is the air force variant, we just went from the golf (HH-60G) to the whiskey (HH-60W) model.
Afgan gonna need that maintainer software
Like a cdl for helicopters
Heavy is my hero. Love everything you are about.
Really ? Your showing Mc Donald's receipts
Blackhawk isn't hard to fly with most pilots being able to fly well in 20-30 hours. Seahawk on the other hand is more complex, but still is relatively easy to learn. The difficulty that you mention  if it's real can be overcome with a seasoned instructor or you can make vids like this and whine for likes. 😉
When you get your black hawk finished, it would be cool to see y’all break the world record for the biggest rubber band ball drop. 👍
I FIND IT NUTS  how people talk about 20 to 300 grand  like its buying popcorn........front the money for one of the  people who ask you how to to it so you can give back pay it forward ...karma will smile on you
This dude only has one emotion: Serious
Haha - come live in New Zealand...you need a separate Type Rating in EVERY SINGLE THING you want to fly ;-)
currently active duty helicopter electrician, went on a morale flight a couple months ago in a CH-47 and now i'm studying for the SIFT to be an army pilot
Training him? I was unaware that only male pilots can serve in the National Guard, I thought we had female pilots as well. ; )
why not just get your commercial rating?  it's probably about 20% of the work the type rating is.
I want to fly so bad but it is so expensive. My dream is to fly medical
Noooo that will look shit in that helicopter keep it simple
Being Free, being unencumbered is one thing, but being free is very different. It cost.. instead of land of the free, it should be nothing here is free, don’t work don’t eat. ChiefD
See them all the time on GSA auctions so amazing
Amazing Rock On Brother
If you train and get your pilots license training in a helicopter can you still fly a plane
MH-60T mechanic here. Didn’t look this up. Never watched a H60 video ever. But I’m glad I found this one
hows that nikola badger coming along
Anyone else paying attention to the sponsor displaying the USA being invaded in World War 3? Am I the only one questioning that decision of the sponsor?
Watch him buy a Huey next
wow smh I so wanted a Blackhawk smh guess ill live vicariously through you until i get my $300 million  keep doing you luv the TV show happy about the YouTube channel
Wow u r amazing! Happy for you.
Best wishes keep safe
👍🏼🇬🇧🚁
Appreciate the Army Guard shout out! Awesome video, man.
We want a Blackhawk update  big fan
I mean who wouldn't want to learn how to fly a chopper come on lol
He acts like 20 to 40 thousand dollars is easy to let go of shoot I don't hv your money I don't like spending 20 lol but u hv probably made alot more than I I get it brooo lol
I watched the first add and I'm betting within the next 100 yrs maybe sooner ww3 will happen it will be worse than anyone knows I believe we well not us but our grandchildren will be living under ground to survive well those that survive
What a turd, “owning a Blackhawk is expensive” no shit. Why don’t you actually learn how to fly it from a good source not JT because you want your bud to teach you. “Rich guy problems” 🙄
Makes me wonder if he already play some video games to test the Blackhawk first...
this is so intresting. I wish you all good luck with you black hawk
If you ever get the chance go do the army MATV convoy security training they have it set up similar to this one but the entire room is part of the simulator. You can't get closer to combat than that simulator. I was a trainer on one in ky and my uncle builds them in oh along with the flight.
Massive respect for helicopter pilots, the level of coordination is immense.  I struggle to pat my head and rub my stomach at the same time 😄
I want to fly it
Airforce and military helicopters certificates  require an extensive training which completely  different than  as opposes to commercial and PPL pilots, all the best brother, can't wait to see you flying this beauty of a beast in it's new form, Spark's Style,  God Speed
I hated on you for year's.. but your definitely loving and liven Life  💯
You explain this process better than most. Love helicopters and always wanted to learn,but like you said, money 💰 💰 and that's a lot of what most don't have.  But you make the dream more logical to prep for.
Thank you for promoting aviation
your channel and content is just amazing. Great work!
I want to donate my RTX 3090 to the Army’s Wats Facility Simulator😊
Don't touch anything, too much?
What a cool story.....  I can understand your enthusiasm for helicopters - turbine helicopters!
Nice
Great commitment...totally awesome...
This is the most American thing ever
Talibans are watching your videos to learn how to fly Black hawk helicopter that USA left behind because they are busy in running away from Afghanistan 🤣🤣🤣🤣😂😅😂😅 Rat 🐀🐀 and Paper army 🤣🤣
Most of your friends must be rich if they all have a pilot license. I live a a simple life.
Totally impressed with your dedication...your humbleness and really useful admirable way how to grow as a professional
We have HAATS in Gypsum Colorado. It’s the high altitude training center
Imagine being able to use it in doing small recoveries where big recovery vehicles can't get to. I know eventually you will probably go for the more commercial side of flying. And upgrading your pilots license eventually.
Apparently Taliban Afghanis can do it simply
How to become Blac kawhk rider
I wonder why you like blac kahcks so much
Would you pay for my helicopter certificate 🙏 please and thank you
Hey Dave when you fly your Blackhawk home to Utah you'll probably go right over the middle of Kansas. It'd be real cool if you could stop for fuel in our town. Mike Patey has when he flew his next wilga home. Abilene, ks. Oh man please!! Im even a subscriber! 🙏 😆
I hate these pesky helicopters. They used to fly over my property in Mendocino looking for marijuana fields, and fly over so low they brushed the tree tops. Should be illegal.
I appreciate how you address head on how fortunate you have been in life. So many people will attempt a humble brag or something like that. There is no denying that you have been hugely successful financially, and it's ok to enjoy that success. You have also given much back to society with your work with Adventures With Purpose, and you deserve to enjoy the fruits of your hard work. Congratulations
Hey is it just for new players I am already a player and I got nothing?
I don't have any military experience! I love your videos because of their education value, your hands on approach to the many projects, most of all your dedication to helping others    absolutely inspires me. Your team is amazing, inspiring, and truly proves the best of humanity.
When you say Blackhawk fast it sounds a bit weird
Nice video
good
Can you receive a helicopter pilot license on any level with color vision issues???
Intresting, well it was not a FAA Type Ride, that is for sure....keep on training!
Crazy 'Muricans with their crazy money
I had no money when I started, either. But, our Uncle did. The downside was I sold my soul to do it.
how does this guy just OWN a blackhawk?
I swear I saw a black Blackhawk flying around Louisville KY today. I see military colored Blackhawks heading to Fort Knox all the time. Seeing a black Blackhawk was a first. Wondering if it was HeavyD or at least his?
I'm a 20 year Blackhawk mechanic, I know what it takes to keep ole girl in the air! I hope you're able to help everyone!
Someone told me when I was younger not to make my passion my job, otherwise, I won't love it anymore. So my parents wouldn't let me go through the training. Fast Forward to now, I have a good career, I was able to get my pilot's license and eventually buy my own plane. I'm glad it turned out that way personally! Seems like it worked out for you too!
Looking forward to seeing you pick up your Blackhawk helicopter and flying it back.
Flying is a great experience.  I always wanted to fly a helicopter, but never got the chance. No bodies fault
As a private pilot what does it take to actually get into the air with like air traffic control or whatever else there might be? Like I imagine you cant just wake up and be like I want to take my chopper out for a spin and go take off from your back yard, all on a whim within a 15 minute period, right? Do you have to call air traffic control and schedule a flight ahead of time?
🌽
I’m in Martin county FL, that’s one of the sheriffs office pilots
"you can get them pretty cheap; twenty to fourty thousand dollars" lol
its no Nikola Badger thats for sure
This is so badass. I would love to fly a blackhawk as a private pilot!
I was a student pilot years ago. I did not know you could go straight to rotary wing as a student.
Dude, thats AWESOME!
no one wants to play a game riddled with ads just like all these videos now with ads. thank god at least we can skip to the good parts. whomever is driving this society bus there's a cliff ahead
Very nice and good
Awesome stuff man 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
I was told the Uh-60 was named after a Vietnam Cavalry squadron, the 7th Squadron/1 Air Cavalry....Blackhawks... stationed at Di An near Saigon and later at Vinh Long on the Mekong.  It flew Cobras, Hueys and Loaches. The commander was Blackhawk 6.  The LtC who used to be one of the squadron commanders was later at the pentagon in the Uh-60 development.  When the time came to name it, he suggested Blackhawk, after the Vietnam unit,  and it was agreed to name it that.
Cool video
Its like getting a cdl for trucking
good
since some parts need to replaced at set hrs rather than when worn then yes it can get very costly. You really don't want a blade to fly off so replacement of these hr based parts is very important.
Not everyone gets to see this, thanks for sharing your experience.
Phenomenal  gauges in that cockpit, mind-blowing Machine.
Are you planning on getting your IFR rating?
Your Best video.  learned something.  vs Pure Entertainment channel.
highest incarcerated rate per capita IN THE WORLD, the military failed to protect our rights, WE NEED COMMON LAW COURTS!!!!
Is there a height requirement to become a Blackhawk pilot?
Wait...you bought a BLACKHAWK!? K...you win...subbed.
20:23    late flare.. more like no flare  :D
60-70 or 80 thousand..   rotor lisc was more like 8 grand
I wish I could of went for my license.. As a combat veteran I got injured now on Disability so all those flying dreams are gone.. I don't have the money for it barely keep my house up and no vehicle so flying is way out of reach for me
When we worked on and flew these Blackhawks in Iraq, it was amazing how well designed and rugged these aircraft were. Lots of stories there for how to keep them running and reliable through the worst conditions possible.
Great game, sadly we may well be heading to a real time WW3 with Russia, sad part of this is it appears no one's taking the matter seriously, in part due to President Biden being a weak president. I respect the United States 🇺🇸 as you guys are our alli should the regrettable come to light. On a good note, great content as usual. James. Australia 🇦🇺
You got this 🙂
Can you not do a AutoRotation in a Blackhawk with the lose of power situation?
Dude, just take it up for a spin!!
Well if it was cheap, everybody would have one.
Awesome, I fly old military OH 58s, very few things are better than flying a helo.
I can come teach you!
bruh at my work the military they let people fly the cyclone helicopter (s-92) in the simulator and everyone crashes with out any training at all 100% of the time.
Good luck on your S70 rating. There's a lot to learn, but it's worth every second.
Blah blah blah blah
This is fantastic well done and enjoy every moment 👍👏
getting type rated blackhawk.. shouldn't be too huge of a step to get licensed for using your blackhawk for your recovery business. might also open a door for helping out with putting out forest fires.. however the financial logistics of that would work out between you and the state or fed considering you have your own bird
you will get it for sure
much respect to uh-60 /mh-60 after all i was medevac'd  on one in Iraq,  pilots flew smooth as glass
Very exciting, but correct me if I'm wrong.  Aren't TWO pilots required to fly a Blackhawk?  A pilot AND a copilot?
you mean proctor-al exam right
Pretty cool to see the flight sim actuators I build and repair in Western New York, in AZ, and in action for one of your videos. Good luck on the license! 🤘🏻
Come to Frankfort airport when you get the blackhawk flying with your license
This video confirms that I did nothing today.
Thank you Sir you give me hope on one day I will own my own F16 legacy fighter you rock Sir .
Had the fortune to have a go in a Ship-to-Shore container crane simulator at the Felixstowe Dock & Rail co. back in the late 90's. Cost £1 million and was basically the front half of the cranes cab with all the controls, sat on a set of hydraulics in an mdf pod and a giant lcd screen on the floor. It was surprisingly immersive after 5 mins and after an hour was well into the rhythm of it. Didn't beat the average of 22 box movements an hour, but showed promise.
See what money can  get you real world you have earned it
Great video!
Man you are going to fly a Blackhawk Helicopter , we all know that you are going to burst knowing that, just can't wait because I seen in your face.!!!! No better person that I can see should be getting this happen, get'er done buddy, see ya in the clouds👍👍The Newfie
no civilian needs a Blackhawk
I'd need like a year to memorize that dash!   Holy Moly Batman, it has too many gadgets!  What a tremendous facility though!   Our tax dollars very well spent, and very hard at work!
My man owns a Blackhawk, and posts a Walmart receipt for about $100 as a painful reminder...
As a private pilot myself... I think you need to be commercial to use the helicopter in your business and/or videos if you mark it as a business expense? Might make sense to go commercial.
Great video well organized
ware you in the Army ?
You live in Az? Can I ride with you some time?
Hey, i need to borrow 300k for a thing....
Some advice.  I retired from the 160th ( Night Stalkers) Special Aviation after flying both the MH-60LM and AH-6 helicopters, my last five years primarily as an instructor. You are embarking to fly one of  the most complex helicopters ever designed, on par with the AH-64 Apache.   Military pilots finding themselves in the pilot seat undergo hundreds of hours of ground and flight training, in helicopters many times more advanced that typically civilians train in, such as the R22 or R44. Expect it to be 18 months  or more before you are at the very outer fringe of being capable to command the UH60 you’ve purchased.  Any impatience on your part will result in tragedy.  The UH60 is an unforgiving aircraft and leaves very little margin for pilot error,  military operations always have two pilots constantly cross checking and utilizing cockpit crew management skills. Don’t cheat the learning curve, or you’ll have a very bad outcome.  When training, leave the clowns behind and focus.  It’s not fun and games. I hope my 12,200 hours of flight time in helicopters adds a note of seriousness to my r comment and adds value as to how you take it.
As a chinook mechanic... I'm disappointed. But now I know have an idea of what kind of cash you got to keep and maintain one.
great analysis bro, thats great
The type rating doesn't have to do with any other aspect of the aircraft other than the weight. If it's over 12,500 lbs, it requires a type rating.
You can log hours without a student certificate. However, the only hours you can do are dual instruction hours.
"Type certified?"
I was able to get into a simulator once with a friend and Co worker. He was retired Blackhawk pilot and helped to train other army pilots. Anyway, he let me fly in the simulator once and I crashed that thing more times than I could count. Finally he told me I probably wasn't cut out for that. Lol
You should start a Blackhawk owners club...
Solo is a scary day
My flight traing were some of the best days for my life, making money at it a hard road
Keep grindin bro, success coming your way 😎👍
I live in lily Kentucky bro if you want to stop in and say hi when you pick up your Blackhawk youre welcome to.
I'm gonna download it later
Nice
I recently just returned from deployment, and I'm finishing up my packet to fly black hawks for the montana national guard! Great stuff and good pathway ahead of me!
Heads up aspiring aviators... 40 hours is the absolute minimum to obtain your PPL. It's usually 70-100 hours.
Hey I’m an old navy Diver well I prefer the term vintage but yeah the training in the military is amazing and I get my hair do you mean you are dedicated and willing to do anything to get your final goal in pretty much Piner army Blackhawk helicopters what are you gonna do by an SR 71 next I’d go for it you’d love it closer to empty your checkbook faster than anything you could ever do I’ll give you a lot of views on YouTube though
The next one is either a chinook or a B-17 bomber plane
RhymeStyle be looking bigger and buffer damn lmfao don't mind my typing its called boring lazy type
I Bought a helicopter. Lololol. Like, nobody has the money to buy a helicopter except you and the +1%. Join the military if you want to actually learn.
Love following your adventure. I flew UH-1H's and UH-60A's for 16 years so I enjoy watching your content...I absolutely loved my time as an Army Aviator and would recommend the experience to anyone who's interested in helicopter flight
sacrifices to defend our freedom give me a break
Thanks for sharing your type rating on the back of your certificate
i flew the space shuttle brought it down to a nice 1g landing at johnson SC. it was cool. good memory
You can always buy one from the Talibans!!
As a 15t retired brings memories.
Excellent video, lots of technical information and details. I like how excited you are about the entire process of owning, operating, and maintaining the Blackhawk. It will be interesting to see how the helicopter will aid in recovery or just having fun. Thanks again for taking us on another adventure, Heavy D!
Thank you
I'm a journeyman transmission lineman. we used md500 to do many different things on the line.  was always a dream to be able to fly it, but I gave up transmission line work to take a job near home to be with my family... one day I WILL fly a rotor craft for my income... I might be 70 when I get there, but I'm going to do it.
I am a long -retired Air Force aircraft mechanic (1961-1981),  I spent 4 years at Hill AFB.  I noticed a C-123 sitting at the airport  that you took of from (somewhere in Utah?)  Do you know anything about it?
The bill for the quarter pounder with cheese was a killer! Almost $4!
Clickbait!! Why? Sad with clickbait in a great channel.
Who is this guy   Can just anybody own a Blackhawk, tank or mini gun?
$3000 an hour!!
Ryhmstyle no way its been awhile
As a hawk pilot, this episode reminds me of how fun it was to learn to do it the first time!
That was my first helicopter that I flew..Th-55.
Must be nice to drop 250,000 on a chopper before you had a license.
Heavy D. More videos on your Blackhawk. So interesting. Thank you sir
Youtubers resorting to inline ads cos the adblockers are too effective. If i see an ad i am out of there. If you cant make content on your own without relying on me to pay for it then the content is not worth watching.
hey ive been there :O I live in pheonixxxxxxx right really close to it, on July 4th they made a v formation and they flew right over my house
Yo come check out Aerobrigham in Tx! We mod all helicopters!
I got the red screen of shame during upset attitude recovery once. Don’t beat yourself up lol.
What is the motorcycle doing on side of the Blackhawk at 9:12?
So awesome,  Big time Military influence in my family,  wasn’t blessed to go in the service due to medical injury,  but I think this is where I would have gone😂
Nice ride fella
If you’re ever in the West Palm Beach area, we manufacture all of the replacement windows that you would need for your Blackhawk. It’s a pretty cool process if you ever wanted to check it out, get in touch.
14:46  Perfect sound effect for those dinky little Robinsons.
oh god id love to be a pilot!!
I had no freaking idea! I just thought you were all into modifying/selling diesels from the show with Diesel Dave. This is awesome!
All the people he scams on social media platforms to afford all of this.
Excellent stuff bro
''you had to pay for that?'' -The Taliban probably
apachie...ooh-ra
Damn interesting!
"Pretty cheap" "20k-30k"  Alrighty xD
Flying your Blackhawk much harder is now licensed ! Make it a a Stuntcopter !
Nice video, however, you left out an important detail of what it costs to purchase a Blackhawk helicopter?
VERY first world problems!
I have noticed he doesn't like the sleeves
Serious question. What’s with the McDonald’s receipts at the beginning of the video?
In addition to the type certificate, did you have to get any sort of endorsements like high performance/ turbine/etc? Not sure how this works in the whirlybird world.
He forgot to say it cost about $20,000 for the 40hrs of training, and about $50,000 for a license from the FAA.
I’m a retired navy mech worked on and flew in SH60H, HH60H. Advice here is keep your head in the manuals, learn the bird, get your ground and flight school done, fam flights, autorotation checks etc be safe and enjoy!
Feel like flying helos was my missed calling.  Did a couple demo flights and loved it. Already had my fixed wing at that point...just wasn't in the cards for me.
One of the best videos I have seen in a long time. Well done and thanks.
"For God so loved the world that He sent His only begotten Son that whosoever shall believe in Him shall not perish but have everlasting life."  John 3:16
Gotta have that McD chocolate shake to fly a black hawk.
This mfkr spittin!!!
Mention the effect on your life insurance, similar to scuba open water certificationn
Got lots of flight hours in the UH-60 all the different variants.   This is amazing you were able to get one at auction. I knew the army did it but I never saw anyone who was able to buy one.  I am really looking forward to you getting this thing completely up and running.   Would love to fly in one again someday.  👍🏻👍🏻
This is my favorite project in the entire world right now. I love these guys.
I’m surprised you would be able to find someone to get your the type rating. Rotor wing and turbine etc., no problem… but a type rating in a Blackhawk I feel like would be hard to find an instructor for to get that endorsement.
Great video, thanks for sharing your experience @HeavyDSparks Any chance of hearing your story about how you became such a successful business man that you managed to afford your own Blackhawk? 👏Big thumbs up from the UK👍👍I've been to WATTS, Silver Bell and Gila Bend doing similar stuff.
i´ve played a lot of games in my life - go away with that, not again, lol
Thuswéčhamaza waŋ Lakȟóta eyápi hwo? 🤔🤔🤔🤔
A true capitalist. God bless you.
I worked at this Facility Silverbell AHP  Crash Rescue  86 to 90  This Crash rescue Department AZNG Was disbaned  and taken over by WAATS . We did alot of standbys for auto rotations and wore down skids on AH 1
Yup.. you are absolutely right … take it from a professional pilot ! 😂
Heli or fixed i often wondered why students don't buy share in machine to keep cost down, then sell share at end of training.
Doing it better than the Taliban!
Whichever O5 and/or recruiter signed off on this deserves an ARCOM. Modern recruiting at its finest - Awesome video.
7:31 Correction, You do NOT need any license to be a military pilot. You can spend your entire military aviation career flying in and out of every airport without even a Private license.
This is super cool!! Always wanted to fly helicopters!! Can't wait ti see some of the things you are going to do with it!!
This Guy A YouTube Salesman
The epic is my dream airplane! Now certified now it’s a little out of reach
Im curious when our WOKE military will determine that BLACKhawk is  racist?
You can buy a plane with modern nav for under $100k, and you can finance it for 20 years! If you can afford a boat or a jet ski or motorcycle, you can probably afford a plane! Start flying! 🙂 👍
Excellent video!  I fly sailplanes out of El Tiro gliding club and we fly over that area from time to time.  Never new what they did there.  Good luck on your rating!
what do you do for a living that you can afford to drop quarter mill on a copter?
JOYSTICK!!!???😖
Helicopter pilot not a good career choice
Badass you got too go too a army facility,praise too all who serve,,
One of the few AD 's is the Casa de Italia fix.  Sure beats spindle cuff cracks.
But the thumbnail says "Fail". What failure? Seems a bit click-baity to me.
Diesel Dave
u will get it
Im trying to find the video he mentioned where he flys the real Blackhawk with his crew in the back but I’m having a hard time locating it. Anyone help me out?
Another amazing video brother. Excited to see your bird in the air and thank you and your team for all you do.
Apparently the Taliban have gotten their heads around flying the UH-60. For about 30secs.
MH-60's are over rated, why not get an Apache
All of this is military recruitment propaganda. I would love to know how much they paid you for this.
WWG1WGA 💪
Fun video, lots of very positive info. I wish you would have covered the costs of opperating an S-70, so folks would have an idea of what it takes…the $2K-$3K per hour just for DOC’s. Not to mention the fact that you will have a very difficult time getting insurance to cover you if you ever want to act as PIC, with an “SIC only” typed co-pilot. In fact, you failed to mention that helicopter REQUIRES a trained and typed crew of two. Although the SIC type does not require an FAA flight check or oral exam. To be honest, for your first several hundred hours at the controls, I hope the guy in the other seat is a retired army CWO4 or CWO5 SIP. That toy you bought is a very complex machine, and putting a typed private pilot up front as a PIC is the same as putting a private pilot in a 747 and expecting him to be a safe, competant PIC. I hope you are not that guy. Just because you get a type, please don’t think you are safe. Until a helo driver has a minimum of 1500-2000 hours under his belt (and at least a couple of hundred in type), he is still learning a great deal about what is really going on up in the air. I pray you will have the right guy in the other seat any time you strap on that machine. I’ve known a lot of good guys that are no longer with us because thier perceived abilities in the cockpit fell short of thier actual skills. I have seen a lot in the past 50 years as a professional behind the cyclic and yoke (as a military officer, contractor, and civilian pilot). What scares me the most is when I see someone with money buy an aircraft that is WAY beyond thier competency (there is a reason the V35 you showed is called the doctor killer, and why additionel requirements were added to the MU-2 for a type). From what I have seen of your videos, you may be the exception to the rule. You put safety first…please don’t dissapoint me, be safe and come home every night to your family.
MAN, GOD BLESS YOU AND THE LIFE YOU LIVE, STAY SAFE...
Are you eventually going to learn how to fly a real helicopter , a CH 47 Chinook ?
Flying a Fixed Wing Aircraft is like driving a car in the air. Flying a Rotary Wing Aircraft is like taking an elevator ANYWHERE !
7:22 - "That means I can go out and fly Helicopters and airplanes.."   ~ Actually, you can ONLY  fly what your certified in.  If you only have your Rotorcraft rating, you can ONLY Fly Rotorcraft PIC.  That being said, you can get Endorsed for up to 90 days to fly an aircraft your not Certified in (ASEL) to build time for an additional Rating.
I didn't catch it in the video or the comments but what's the average cost associated with getting licensed for a black hawk?
Cyclic, not "joy stick".
If I were rich I would buy a chopper and turn it into a flying RV and go camping in it
Its an addiction worse than drugs and alcohol, more expensive and will kill you faster. I see what these Blackhawks sell for. How do you afford it? Robinson is not a good helicopter to recommend.
Robinson death machine? No, thanks.
being a blackhawk pilot is like crazy incredible!!!!!!
@20:20 Your argumentative attitude will get you killed. That wasn’t a game and you failed.
its nice to see that you brought a handful of goofballs to distract you , no wonder you find it harder then expected , this partially goes to my comment that i gave to your previous content . do not get distracted by goofball antics , this is not your grandmas backyard anymore dave , there is a reason DOD helicopter pilots spend so much time in training , this is not a 2 weeks and done deal . good luck
Excellent video man
Next: I bought a Battleship 🛳
How many helicopter trainees own their own helo and are able to take uninterrupted lessons whenever they want?  10% or fewer of helo trainees?  NOT the norm!!!
are you going to put a big camera on the nose for search and rescue for missing persons and video work?
Harry Niwranski  from HPI   will also have parts
So the National guard train their pilots in Arizona and the regular army train their pilots here in Fort Rucker Alabama.  Here at Rucker pilots start on Lakotas then move on to Blackhawks chinooks or Apaches.
"defend our freedom" LMAO
The student pilot certificate IS the 3rd Class Medical.
Good luck with your training!  Remember if you are feeling a little chilly, don't shut off the rotor!  A classic helicopter joke that never grows unfunny.
Nope first thing you do is read from the ground up until you see it in your sleep
My little brother is training to be a gunner on helicopters in the marine core , crazy shit dude
It's the new Oculus Quest "Blackhawk Edition" Pro Flight Sim!!
Very interesting - do hope this encourages people to consider a career in the Military - wherever you are!  Good luck, Dave!
i love the military simulators. I was a forward observer so I got to play around in the bradley simulator a bit as part of the BFIST program.
100% recommend going straight rotary wing if that’s what you ultimately want to fly. I did the same thing and have all rotary wing and zero fixed wing experience… no reason to train on something you don’t plan on using.
Hey HDS why aren't you at a Trump rally right now? Why aren't you at every one he puts on. Ah, are you afraid of losing "woke" subscribers? You and every other big blogger better get on the right side of history. Or are you apolicital? Oh, afraid of losing your platform. Hey there are more important things than money big guy. Pretending woke commies aren't happening wont make them go away.
I have almost 18yrs work on that Aircraft.mostly structures.
Better hope your 701 Delta engines were not converted Charlie models.. You'll get a free rust prevention system blowing oil through the EMC on both engines.
Amazing machine. Chees
Pilots are like cross fitters. Give them 5 minutes, they will let you know.   My bro in law is a pilot. They don’t stop talking about it
Good luck buying a non death trap under 80k lol for fixed wing
this dude is trolling with his receipt for 3$
This is what some people do in GTA, this man is living it
So where does the Capaccino go on the helicopter?
Exciting story, looking forward for more updates. Best of luck!
Not sure if this is BS or not, in the UK I've heard getting a commercial licence in terms of the hours you need it will cost almost £1m!
Are you friends with Tom Cruise it would be a real opportunity and your Blackhawks could be in future films
@HeavyDSparks Good to see you got into the simulator at WAATS, Mr. Kanouse was one of my pilots when we deployed to Iraq 2005-2007, great pilot, great friend of mine.
I ordered a box 6 weeks ago with a t shirt, little truck and scratch tickets...I  have messaged a few times now including last week when they told me it would go out A.S.A.P. this week still no update on tracking, so I messaged again...they said they are aware of the problem and will ship a.s.a.p well..that's what yall said last week im just trying to figure out when I will get my order..you guys said you hadn't sold hardly any of the boxes with the scratch tickets...maybe it's because your shipping is not  happening..I will not be buying another box unfortunately this experience ruined it for my husband and I..
Lol just send your heli to Hill AFB! Have them fix it. They are close!🤣 I'm actually not far from Hill myself.
Hey man. You should get a qualified crew or start a llc, to contract that bird on wild fires as a type 2 bucket.  The contract rate will help you cover all the expenses you've had.  You got a great resource to help and can make some $$ doing good.
Almost done with my CFI
Get rid of the background crap music!!!!!!!!
Everything the US Government buys is overpriced and it will cost the same to maintain. Specially defense and healthcare. That's why I stick with gardening.
IM me when your back in the Bluegrass!!! 😁
Cool, now buy a Saurer 10DM Gottwald.
also props to all the mechanics making those things work. People dont think about the amount of maintenance this takes.
I’m a NG and that’s my unit base we share with the watts.
How exactly did you purchase a Blackhawk.
GL on your training and test!
That is a huge undertaking you have embarked on, on your own. Not many people will understand what you've accomplished when you have completed your training. "Blackhawks"  were still in prototype / design stage when I was playing with HH-52-A  helos, but the "Blackhawks" sure look to be a seriously capable airframe. Ânother option for young people to pursue is to by pass the video games, and talk to a recruiter of their choice and with the correct prerequisites, our Uncle Sam would be happy to pay for flight school. Best of luck, and thank you for sharing your journey. Semper Paratus
In a military Blackhawk, does the pilot have controls for the weapons systems, or is that down to the crew?
The only thing that would stop young people join the army is C-jab. Never again.
Love what you're doing big sparks Keep up you're good works.
You have decided to go down a great path and exciting way to fly!  I'm a retired CW4 Apache Longbow IP and ME and I miss the mission terribly.  Keep the greasy side down!!
I wonder how many taliban are watching this video now
I don't know if i mentioned this website here previously but, check out Operation Disclosure Official: Restored Republic.  It's very interesting in a USA Military Intelligence and Alliances kind of way.  I haven't any personal acquaintances or, inside information.  The closest i get to understanding USA history is Veterans Today and in some books such as A. Ralph Epperson "The Unseen Hand" and "Rule by Secrecy" by Marrs.  I followed Q somewhat but, i am not any kind of computer nerd so, don't understand all the lingo.
you should apply for recreational heli. and transport heli. and told authorities this is for sport and great outdoors
If you need some spare parts just go to Afghanistan I'm sure they'll let you have a few spare parts that we left behind
Watching on Roku!  Love watching y’all.
Man I cant believe Slicker bought a black hawk with his scam money, smh
Not surprising from the lack of basic knowledge with proper safety while using heavy equipment. I've seen some of the most careless and negligent rigging and recovery techniques ever imagined on these stupid videos.
What is wrong with a mosquito?
Seeing that hanger, brings back memories of working "Reset" for the Army (12 years) and my last three years in the Air Force.
If you ever need a door-gunner, I'm available most days and nights.
I’m a MH-60R plane captain/ power plant mech I’d love to learn to fly!
Awesome video
You could have gotten your training in the Army for free
Conflict of Nations is basically Risk, right? Or like: Atwar?
Full motion mil-sim graphics have really sundowned hard af compared to everything else. I get that they are legacy systems but it's easy to update the graphics. Those graphics are Win98.
I’ve flown in the exact same simulator one time, super cool experience. They didn’t have full motion turned on so as we made movements on the controls the simulator didn’t tilt, but we got to do everything else there. Lots of fun!
The same week I had an interview for WAATS, I had one for the airline I fly for. Sometimes I wonder what surprises life would’ve had in store for me had I stayed Army rotor. No regrets. So amazing to see your story.
So, Guys that's it. LMFAO.
Prefer the Bell Jet Ranger any day!
The army has three hours of ground maintenance per hour of flight' it is interesting too think how you will maintain this beast.
Owning ANY turbine helicopter is both expensive and time consuming... best of luck to you getting through the process. I know you'll do good things with this bird!
I'm more interested in video games than flying itself. It's incredibly inspiring to see you pursuing your goals and gradually realizing them all. Fly safe, mate.
I'm currently doing that the only difference is it's in a Safari 400.  lollllllll.   Appreciate the video !!!
this dude cant even do a donut how can he fly a blackhawk lmao
That's why the DOD has a 780 billion dollar a year budget.
14:10 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Amazing video. Thanks for sharing that!
bro i did the link and it didnt give me my pack
There was definitely a mike model in the hangar
Those chocolate shakes are really expensive...
Just curious have you ever flew a paramotor?
You got to love the McDonald's  receipt for the chocolate  shake that he flashed at :50 that he's  got to take care of.  I  love these guys.
(Verbal test ) haha. "Oral"😄
So freaking awesome and very happy for you. If I win the lottery I'm following your footsteps 🚁
I have flown in and now work on not only Blackhawks but Chinooks and it was cool watching this video.  Send that bird down here when you need depot level maintenance
One thing I'd like to say as I'm sitting on my ass watching the video lol but seriously ur wake is going to be insane. I hope you keep in mind of that and even mention it when ur flying it. If u don't pay attention u can really hurt another pilot. I don't know the call signs for helicopters if there are specific ones but you will be like a heavy jet. I've seen planes litterly fall out of the sky because a helicopter few by an air port and no one in the plane knew and they fell out of the sky
I find it cheaper to get a fixed wing rating first then doing the 20hrs in rotary wing with an instructor and becoming dual rated Vs all rotary as they are more costly to fly per hr.
Can u actually wrap a helicopters?
hi heavydsparks is getting CDL-A hard or easy and helicopter license is hard to get
I missed you by a few years. Back in the 90's, I was a full time UH-60 instructor pilot, instrument flight examiner, and maintenance test pilot at Salt Lake Regional (airport #2) with the Guard.  I was also a SAG pilot, flying the Bell B-3 & L-4 ships. We did side and front camera mounts for both ships. In your previous video, you mentioned movie manuals and it gave me shivers.  Had a great time though.  Gained a bit of weight with the on-set caterers. Retired with approximately 10,000 flight hours with about 2500 hours in the 60.  The UH-60 is a great ship and can be very forgiving.  That said, it can lull you to sleep then bite you in the ass.  Understanding the interaction of all of the flight systems is critical for your success as a pilot in this aircraft.  Whatever you do, don't minimize your training for this ship.  The aircraft doesn't like to dance fast.  It likes smooth and deliberate inputs.  Good luck and I look forward to your future videos.
This process is dope
My dad started flying Navy Seahawks when they first came out, he had almost 20 years flying them. My brother started flying Seahawk Bravos and worked his way all the way up to the Romeo model so they feel your pain as far as how hard they are to fly
The government doesn't want anyone having anything even close
You sound like you're in Court explaining owning a Black Hawk to a judge lol  😂😅
I gotta admit this is my dream as a comm pilot and A&P mechanic.  Now I have a foot in all sectors of aviation from helos to airlines to bushplanes on the business side.  Just keep in mind that aviation is a money pit like no other.  Operating costs on a twin turbine helo like that will be $3000 per hour in fuel and parts reserves.  Find a mechanic knowledgeable on that airframe with A&P certs(needed since its a civvy bird now) who knows the time limits for all those parts.  Try to figure out your mission as soon as possible and become good at it/hook up with vets in the industry, think about the operations and maintenance manuals now which you will need for certification with the FAA for the business.  Good luck brother, it's not an easy road but very rewarding when you get there.
How to become a millionaire by owning airplanes....start as a multi-millionaire!
If you need a certificate to Start training, you're participating in a scam.
LOL "oral exam"? ELABORATE PLEASE. Or u mean verbal exam?
i hear the Taliban are looking for instructors😜
I'm jealous Bro.......you gotta have very deep pockets to realize a dream like yours! Glad life has afforded you these opportunities. Godspeed in all your endeavors Sparks. Love these videos
BLACK HAWK HELICOPTERS ARE JUNK GET RID OF THAT POS BEFORE IT CRASHES AND KILLS EVERYONE ON BOARD!!!!
They do sell shirts with sleeves
Now we wait for him to buy a fighter jet
2 weeks from solo to checkride? Thats intense
Congrats on every challenge you keep persevering @HeavyDSparks and, lots of respect to all who serve(serving) and the National Guard. God Speed !
You are starting from scratch, of course it is harder than you expect. Most people flying Blackhawks already have a rotary wing rating and even turbine experience, and just have to upgrade to a larger chopper. (if this chopper is over 12500 lb, then you need a type rating)  the next difficulty, try to get insurance with low time in type. No one will want you.
R-22's and 44's are almost on the no-fly list here in New Zealand, due to our weather conditions they are prone to mast bumping and as a result a mid is rapid disassembly and unliving those inside. Government employees are banned from flying in Robinson helicopters.
First tip should be  Get a good job.
So basically, im to poor to be a helicopter pilot?  Im sure my Type1 Diabetes doesnt help either.
You found an insurance company willing to cover a Jet Ranger being owned and flown by a zero time pilot?
22:20 defending your freedom by attacking powerless third world countries in order to install fascist dictatorships that want to trade with you... The US army exists only to enforce the USA as the world police, the global superpower. It is the most imperialist regime ever, worst than the British Empire.
Learn well my man, choppers have a mind of their own.
Are you going to be VFR or IFR?
Mad respect for anyone who learns to fly the Blackhawk. My ex-wife was a Blackhawk pilot for the majority of her 23 year Army career and the stories I heard about experienced pilots who struggled with this machine are numerous.And you're right, when she retired, even with all the military training and flight time, she had to start her civilian career flying small tourist helicopters in the Grand Canyon. Anxious to see how you conquer this beast!
Watts up . It was a great time there I worked there for 13 years It was a great place to work I retired from there FLY  ARMY 🪖🪖
Any plans on pursuing your instrument and commercial ratings?
Pretty cool .thanks ,good ,luck !be safe and HURRY UP!!! we want some content with the beast
so.. this whole video was an ad to join the army ? XD
I say stand down on the Testosterone
So cool watching this all come together!!!
You bit off more than you can chew. You’re going to end up as an NTSB statistic.
If anyone who watched this is considering becoming a maintainer for the NG or regular Army, the MOS is 15T. The training is really thorough and the culture in Army Aviation is a very positive experience. Not trying to sound like a recruiter because I’m not, just trying to give y’all a little bit of information, but if this does interest you, you should talk to a recruiter.
I love everything about helicopters and love watching you fly around in yours but the blackhawk, when I see you flying this one it will be awesome. Helicopters plains and trains are the coolest machines ever. My Daughter has been in the airforce for 12 years and the stuff she does makes me so proud of her and also a little jealous, after all she is doing the stuff I wish I would have been a little smarter and would have chose when I was younger so keep flying and keep it fun.
Tim allen
I found your youtube channel 2 years ago. I never got to watch a lot of Tv or do a lot on the computer because of work but two years ago I was inspecting a paving job for the state of Ny. when a mini van came crashing into my work zone. I looked up just in time to pull a fellow worker out of the way and then twisted real hard to get myself out of the way I herniated two discs and tore a third disc in my lower back. Since I was not able to return to work in one year at 100% I was terminated from my job and have had all kinds of time to watch youtube and thats when I started watching you guys. this is the best show I have seen in ages, you guys do some awesome recoveries. Thanks for keeping me entertained with these great videos. I just bought a 2006 f-350 6.0 truck and as soon as I am able to return to work hopefully someday I am gonna buy the parts necessary from you guys to be able to make this truck reliable and strong. It only has 50,455 miles on it and I really love the truck but I'm afraid its gonna have the common problems that all the 6.0s have.  After watching your show as soon as I am able, you guys have made a new customer and thanks for the great stuff that you do.
Enjoy the blackhawk videos!
Where all the controls your aircraft does not need now that it’s for a civilian already removed ? Or were you able to have them removed and sold to offset costs
I spent 8 years flying UH-60A's in the US Army.  I finished in 2000 as an Army Instructor Pilot in the Blackhawk and the simulator.  Since then I've flown EMS and offshore to ships in Agusta's and Airbus helicopters.  I'm really happy that they let you do this training at an Army facility in a simulator.  You probably won't find any better training.  I'm curious what you do in Utah to be able to afford a Blackhawk and the training.  Obviously, the most expensive part of owning one will be keeping it maintained.  I just found your channel tonight.  I will be following your progress.  Good luck!  I have a kid in college in Utah.  Maybe I'll get to meet you someday when I come out there to see him.  I live in Oregon.
I saw it the other day in Lexington, Thoroughbred Aviation has done like all the work beautiful aircraft
Let's cut to the chase to get in the sky you need to be a multi millionaire END OF STORY everyone else here's your joystick and a computer have fun
You're in Utah too? Heck yeah brother! Great video, and good luck
Sounds like the next purchase and type rating will probably be in/for a surplus Chinook!
most american man ever casually buys a military helicopter i love the usa and our freedom to buy random and really stupid sh*t
Thanks for taking time to do these videos and supplying interesting facts nonfliers wouldn't think about.
4:48 You do not need a student pilot license to log dual hours meaing you CAN start your training without a student certificate. You do need it in order to solo and there is an amount of solo hours that does need to be completed before you take your checkride. You should do the paperwork to get your certificate on day 1 but that doesn't mean you need to wait 2 or 3 weeks for it to arrive. 61.51
My cousin flunked out the Black Hawk training programs for the Australian army, he said it was stupid hard... He ended up passing the SASR selection and did that for fifteen years instead.
This mfer showed of a McDonald’s receipt
i dont understand the "blackhawk test fail" thumbnail for this video when you haven't even taken the test yet?
My dad was an Army 15T for almost 15 years (I think, he's been doing it since 1996) and he still does it as a civilian today. I served as a 35F and never got to fly on a UH-60. My dream was always to fly one. At least I can live my dream through your videos.
Murica!
I got to meet the Helicopter Pilot who Retrieve's Torpedo for US and Canada Naval Testing of underwater weapons Tests. It was open house Day at ( Nanoose Bay BC.) The Pilot has done more NET pick ups than anyone. He flys by himself because of Wt. issues with lifts. He also has a SIREN and big sign, that he uses to chase fisherman OFF course when a Torpedo test is shot. The sound underwater from private boaters disrupt the Torpedo Tests. He was so calm and confident when he talked about his Job flying.
When people say money doesn’t buy you happiness? To those people I say, buy a Black Hawk and see if you still say that crap
It’s going to be pretty interesting seeing a Blackhawk carrying a car or dozer in the sky if it ever can happen. I don’t think anyone has done a recovery hawk with this much backing.
I never did the flight sim but I did do hands on for the Chinnock. I was ground engineer in the RAF. And allowed to go to full engine run and rotors running with a captain with me.. So much fun.. I also managed sim and hands on for the hercules c130j..(i actually got actual flight hours hours on it) such a blast... My pre training into all this was intense.... Go for it and have fun..
you can rent airplanes/heli's for just a few hundred bucks.. don't need to buy one
Be neat for hog hunting
Mount the gattling guns, and go hog hunting in Texas.
I’m a hydraulics mechanic on these, been doing it for 7 years now. They’re incredibly expensive to maintain even for the aviation units.
Congratulations going for your test good luck man not too many people in this world get a chance to fly a helicopter none the less flying a black cock lol or fly in a Blackhawk so enjoy every second of it.
I am currently contracted with Sikorsky to build the Blackhawks Seahawks and Fire hawks I am a mechanical electrical inspector helicopters have been a passion of mine since I was eight years old !
Flying is expensive. Helicopters are more expensive. A privately owned Blackhawk is almost unbelievable. Follow your dreams. Will be following your progress. I finally settled on hang gliding. Very seat of the pants but within my means. Great memories.
I wonder if he can keep the color scheme and markings like ww2 civilian planes with usaf markings
Nice McDonalds invoice lol! maintenance for pilot.
Not telling you how to do things, but I hope there was a vetting process when forming the relationship with an app developer. The industry has been flooded with malicious actors using free apps to install viruses and trojans.
Yeah D, it's harder for a hawk due to size and rating, license than a plane.  You got it, keep doing good things, love you guys... and I'm also an aircraft mechanic, did it in the ARMY for 15 yrs an still love it today 25 yrs if aircraft structures work
Man you're awesome 😎
I feel like this is a joke. Your showing $33 and $13 receipts
My cousin knows the Blackhawks inside and out , even worked on the stealthy ones at that 51 place.. 😉... He can get that Hawk up in the air!
As a professional ice cream scooper, I can fully relate to what you're doing here.
Chào ha
You want to make a rich man a poor man? Buy a Blackhawk. Roughly $5k per hour to operate.
I get it  I ride my Harley for the same reasons
Highly recommend looking into the coast guard MH-60T !
I’m at ait ti be a 15T can’t wait to work on them all the time, also in NG
I was there when the Navy started to use the H-60. I was a H-2, H-3. H-46 H-53. and a gyrocopter. Plane Captain AMH2.  The H60 was a very nice AC. But My Heart belongs to the H-3. You know your old Man when ALL the  Aircraft Carriers you served on are Decommissioned. Land Locked Sailor.
Now how cool is that!!!
.
Second amendment Blackhawk helicopter
No offense but your probably better off to donate or trade for a HUEY....just saying
I was wondering why I hadn't seen anything from you in a while, looks like YOUTUBE ubsubscribed me from your channel. -.-; I've been following for years from TV to different social medias and subbed to this channel a long time ago yet when I found this video today it wasn't subscribed. Ah well, I fixed it and now I have Blackhawk Ownership envy.
The government doesn’t want it’s citizens personally knowing how to operate military vehicles
I’m a fully licensed A&P tech and would love to give a hand in anyway if needed! Always looking to get my hands on different projects
As a 15T for the Army I'm super excited to see you get this rating and start flying.
As an old Vietnam Huey Helicopter Pilot (actually, all of us are old 😁) I had an opportunity to fly the Blackhawk simulators with the Nevada National Guard a couple of years ago.  An amazing experience.  Those simulators are advanced to the point of being able to run cooperative missions with multiple Blackhawks and CH-47s, including troop insertions and extractions, sling load missions, formation flying and more.  Sure made me yearn to get back in the cockpit.  Thank you for all the support you give our military veterans.  When you fly into VNY one of these days, I'll treat you to an amazing dinner at an exclusive club for magicians as my personal thanks.
What a journey....thank you for including us on this....🚁
I had a dream in my 20:s to fly planes for a living, as I grew up around planes, and my dad had PPL, but I had no money, and was just too scared to take big loan to pay for training if things wouldn't pan out.  At that time, also the market for pilots sucked.  The competition was huge.  I do regret now in my 50:s I never took the leap and followed through on my dream.  Very inspiring to see someone who doesn’t chicken out, like this guy!
This is so insanely cool.
I downloaded mine and I fly it in VR
I have been interested in helicopters since I was seven years old; my step father used to fly for the german border police.  I am really excited and happy for you that you have a Blackhawk, and I hope that you will get the license and be allowed to fly on your own very soon. Don't give up, find more people to help you, maybe army vets who can assist etc. This is an awesome project!
Sir ive played battlefield and with all due respect i learned everything about the black hawk sir
Bro pinal country is right outside of Tucson give me a ride when you get your license !
You can go into the Army and fly helos right out of high school.   You will get a commercial instrument rating and enough flight time to get a job when you leave the service.  Embry Riddle will give you two years of credit toward a 4 year degree for your army training.  The time you acquire in the army will go your requirement for a Airline Transport rating which is handy if you decide to become a commercial fixed wing pilot.
Houston is flying test missions the past weeks night & day with the Blackhawks
I'm an Avation Structural Mechanic for the Navy. I work on the MH-60R Seahawks which is the Navy's version of a Blackhawk. They are a lot of hard work on the Maintenance side. It's pretty cool seeing the other side of the helicopter. The side being the flight side.
So a type rating is like having a an endorsement on your cdl?
A helicopter  saved my life. I was in a bad car accident 30 yrs ago.  Lifestar picked me up from the scene.  Im here..
I cannot imagine how expensive your insurance is considering your level of experience.  Crazy.
A Blackhawk is hard to fly? DUH...🤦‍♂🙄
For anyone wondering about flying helicopters as a career, it’s absolutely doable! It is expensive but there are loans, scholarships and work arounds out there if you’re crafty about it. I’m 5 years in to my flying career and it’s the best decision I’ve ever made. A lot of ladders to climb but it’s challenging and incredibly rewarding. There is huge versatility in jobs you can do and you can always get better at it.
You can do it!
More power to you, but please be careful. There is no substitute for time in the seat, and time with an IP. I was a door gunner on UH-60As for years, and got to know the pilots very well. It's a challenging aircraft, and very unforgiving of mistakes. Please be careful; there are no second chances, and they fall out of the air very rapidly.
👍
I live two miles from the pinal training center
My brother in law was a Blackhawk instructor. I got to fly the simulator in wursburg Germany it's awesome
this guy makes the best videos. so entertaining
4 feet 7 inches tall man compensating.
DUDE ,..YOU GOT RIPPED OFF !! THAT HELICOPTER IS PARTS ,ONLY !! WHEN YOU CRASH, AND YOUR IN A WHEELCHAIR ,MAKE US A COOL VIDEO OF THAT !!!!
Heavy D, I'm a  retired UH-60A/L aviator with FAA type rating for S-70 (UH-60) and CFI/CFII if you need a hand.
The military doesn't get all that money for nothing..you ought to see the upkeep on small boat.
So basically be rich and done you have a pilot license
This just popped up.  Very inspiring. Thanks for all the info.  I'm going to pursue my pilot's license!!!
You know how helicopters really fly? They are so ugly God repels them from the earth's surface.
Instructor using a flashlight to illuminate the controls, blackhawk sim noclipping through the ground. Priceless education.
So freaking awesome to see the US Army folks greeting you with open arms. They are world class there. Great video. Found out that I love rotary wing way too late in life. Retired USAF. Thanks for the video.
Thank You for your military comments as a ex aussie missleman i thank you
very interesting, thanks Dave and good luck
I live in AZ and I’m always seeing blackhawks now I know where they are coming from!
Thanks Dave, very interesting video.
It definitely has gone downhill since potato head Biden took over and turned our armed forces into a woke society
Downloading the game for you boss.
Very good video.
1982-1988 US Army Flight Operations 3 years in Germany UH60 Blackhawk unit.  I have spent a lot of time in a Blackhawk.  There is nothing like the feeling of leaning out the Gunners seat flying NOE in Germany.  It is truly an amazing aircraft.  I did get some UH1 simulator time.  It is not easy flying a helicopter. Enjoy!!!
Ik it’s a self explanatory question but you have to have insurance on aircraft right?
My cousin was a captain pilot on a Blackhawk helicopter for the army unfortunately at 28 years old his life was cut short do to a wrong way drunk driver on the highway he loved it that's all he wanted to do and retire I'll see you one of these days Andrew
Good ole Silverbell. Don’t miss flying out there at all but it is one of the few places stateside that you’ve got to take your temperature limits into consideration, the DA out there on a good day pushed 10k feet at field elevation lol it’s brutal. You’ve got this man, the hawk is a big beautiful girl, in anything but an auto it wants to fly.
Multi million dollar simulator, but you gotta use a flashlight to see the buttons
Check your messages. It’s important
So I'm just a we bit JEALOUS!!! I was too Light for the army... I wanted a Cobra!! I tried!
Damn, there's still a ton of bots pretending to be Heavy D  Oh boy the bots are getting smart
Dang careful what you ask for it could cost you your life. Then I jumped out the side door at 3000’
McDonald’s and Italian food essentials
Sell it and buy a UH-1. Been working on helicopters for 18 years both for the Army and as an A&P. Sikorsky products are absolute junk.
My dad builds those trainers here in San Antonio at Randolph AFB.
The military is the best most cheap way to get helicopter or plane licenses.
234NL. Didn't think I'd see her again. Where'd you get the footage of that. I used to do tours in it out of kvny.
This is wild as f that your going to have a personal Blackhawk just the ability to lift items into remote areas is going to be priceless.
Damn wish I prefer what they did for us to train us in the Air Force, hands on with mothballed jets visual is all well and good but nothing remembers like the hands.
The national guard in texas just picks people up at the border and busses them all over the United States in the middle of the night.....
Get the commercial ticket, you'll learn a bit more and have better insurance rated after about 500 hrs in type.
As per your thumbnail, you failed your test! Don't worry you will pass next time!  Cool helicopter you have!
Did you really just to expect to buy one an just watch a YouTube vid an learn how to fly it? Lol
Have you touched base with SES? They may or may not be willing to help but they rebuild most all of the Blackhawks for the U.S. Their techs stripped them down and rebuild and fly.
Rucker was fun with these things
You don’t need your private pilot’s license to fly for the military. It probably makes the selection/transition easier though.
Crazy to think years ago when I was in hs I was able to go out there and fly in the simulator for a few hours when I was thinking of being  a black hawk pilot
so cool
That guy controlling the simulator is a CW-4, so he DEFINITLY knows what he's talking about. Finding a CW-5 though is like finding a damn unicorn....lol. But if ANYONE is going to have them, its going to be someone with an MOS that has to do with flying.
Are you only going to be flying VFR, or will you get your IR? In my last review in the ambulance service, I was asked if there was any training I wanted to do. I said I wanted to be trained for the air ambulance helicopter. They told me that it wasn't a problem. When I asked when it would start and at which flying school, they changed their answers. I could train to crew it (already done that) but not fly them. The only route is ex-military. So it's back to flying privately.
great video thanks for sharing
Make it happen I know you will 👍👍👍
Do flight simulator hours count towards any licensing?
Or a F4 Phantom
Id like to own a F15 fighter.
Am I the only one that finds it hilarious that you can't "fly for hire" with a ppl unless it's the military that hires you 🤣🤣 leave it to the government...
Soooo, you don't just apply and go work at WAATS, just so you know
Owning a black hawk is free... if you're the taliban
Another great video of your progress.  Wow, you’re moving right along for such a complex ship and on a PP ticket only. Can’t wait to see what you get into next. Personally, I hope we’ll see a Bambi Bucket under you before too long (as soon as you’re commercial).  That’s where the fun begins and you can really become a true hero for so many around you.  One thing folks here need to realize - The H-60 is a crazy complex aircraft as “fling-wings” go. I though the Bell 412 rating was complex! I just finished reading through the 900+ page Operator’s Manual (TM 1-1520-237-10) for the UH-60A&L and EH-60A.  Hat’s off to you for even picking that manual up as a Private Pilot! Most of us (non-military anyway) didn’t jump into that level of a ship until well after a commercial ticket and a few hundred hours.  Which I’d guess you probably have. You are on a fast track for sure. My only advice would be to take it slow and easy. This ship is going to keep you busy.    Fun thing to “WT#??” from the Operator’s Manual: Chapter 2, 2-7, Fig 2-4, Sheet 1 of 2.  Item 11 !!  Are you kidding me?!   Never seen such a thing in a modern aircraft. I’ll let you (or someone else here) explain what that’s all about. LOL
Your commercials suck and I have an easy way of fast forwarding. I don't watch them. *Note to advertisers*
Hope you have a nice and safe time training to fly that
One of the best series on YouTube right now
Oral approval is always important
I got to go on NASAs Flight Simulater at Moffett field in Mountain view Ca. I was about 19-20. I delivered Tech parts to them there. The simulator there can move up and down, right or left, and some what forward and backwards. I didn't get to move while on it but it was so badass/fun. Ill never forget the feel of it. They had a helicopter loaded that day too. It was the Blackhawk or that two prop helicopter (name?) Im sure it was the BH. The boss guy said they where common programs for them while working on the sim. They did the space shuttle trainings here I was told. Also got to get into a old fighter sim for fighter pilots from the war. That one had conveyor belts with a long picture on down each side. A person would turn one on each side so the pilot could look down and see the ground in the fake cockseat. So cool.  Thanks for sharing Dave, Its really cool.  You reminded me that I at one time 30 years ago enjoyed life, Then that job cost me everything. Spine trashed and totaled with no parole. FYI- Bend with your knees and strengthen the core. lol.
You know, I bet there's a recruiter out there who could help you get into their training program...maybe the hard way, but HeavyDBootCamp could be an interesting video series.
Di Nashville Tennessee Rumah Klasik🏡 Saputra Maulana Sakit, Tidur-Tidur,🌡🤒🤕🛌🏻💤😴
I paused on the reciepts to see what the cost for the heli where and was greeted by Italian food, took me a little longer than expected to realize pasta has nothing to do with a helicopter. 😂😂😂
im scared   F,, that
can  i skip this one  i aint into flying not one bit  geez
HELLO HELLO  i had that feeling yuz were up to something   OOFY   FLY A BLACKHAWK  oh oh oh  speechless------------------------------------------------------------------- PLEASE be friggin carefull ------------------------
Keep on keeping on, way to go, I love to fly about anything, but I must say the faster the better.
There is no way I could be a pilot of any kind.
In whose world is 20-40 thousand dollars cheap? This dude is out of touch.
heavyDsparks im new subscribe from philliphines
Nice video! I fly a Black Hawk fire fighting! It's a beast of a Helicopter for sure! Keep up the good work!
Worked on the first uh60A SIMS manufactured by LINK flight simulation, these are the newer uh60A SIMS and didn't know they still have them still around.  PS please don't tap on the marconi instruments with digital readouts with a flashlight, it breaks the glass filters.
I used to work for thoroughbred Av here in Kentucky back in 06-09!
Lmao " just a couple buttons"
Beware of Heavy D Giveawy impersonators folks!!
it's honestly amazing how many different licenses and certifications you have. from dive certified planes helicopter's big rigs cranes it's actually impressive as hell.
Dude words can't explain how excited I am for you. You will be the only private helicopter pilot with a blackhawk and a YouTube channel 🤣😂
Amazing training program in the National Gard. Thank you for showing ys behind the curtain. Can't wait to see you flying your Black Hawk :)
Complains about how expensive it is to get his Blackhawk helicopter going...shows a receipt for a $3.64 chocolate shake.  LOL
who attacked your freedom?
Awesome 😎💕
Weren't you looking to rent the bird for movies and advertising? I guess that made you create this plea for cash video.
i watch the whole add every time only to support you out!
This was unexpectedly cool. Question: if you're making money from youtube videos of your Blackhawk adventure, is that not using the helicopter for commercial purposes? Have laws even caught up to that?
Since Flying is more of a hobby and cant do it for full time job it has taken me 2yrs to finally reach a point of getting close to checkride.  For those who are interested in learning to fly I will tell you that the Knowledge Portion is the hardest part with all the various regulations and fundamentals that you have to know.  Im terrible at book knowledge and the learning to fly portion is easier.  So i would say get medical before you even start to train.  Then focus on the book knowledge first and then do the hands on flight training.  The Written test is only good for 2 Years so if you take longer than that to finish you have to retake it.
Army aviation is the way to go. Specifically NG Army aviation
The rule of thumb when I first began flying, was around $3K to get your PPL (Fixed wing, figure triple for Rotary).  I just within the last few years looked into starting back up again.  A local school was charging, $175/hr wet for a 172, $225/hr wet for a Cherokee, $85/hr instructed, and you had to use his ground school, and he was VERY Blunt about the "40 hrs" being a guideline. So, VFR Day in a 172, at a MINIMUM was $10,400.00 add in another $300+ for the Jepp part 141 kit, and 600 for the ground school time, and you're over $11K just for your private.  Local Aero Club has a better deal.  they have 2 C-15o's, both are fill IFR Glass panel. $1500 buy in to the club, $55/Month dues, aircraft are $55/hr  wet, $45/hr for the club instructor.  Works out for a Minimum of $4600, without counting in ground school and coursework.  Round it up to $6K once you add in all of the assorted frippery.  Clubs are the way to go, Financially, of course, you've also got a fixed pool of aircraft, and depending on how big the club is, a lot of competition for hours, and instructor time.  one other Plus though, is Club instructors aren't materially invested in seeing you NOT finish your license.  There are a bunch of YT videos about choosing instructors, as with everything it's Caveat Emptor.  Now, NONE of that means ALL CFI's are looking to screw new Students over, but you'll get a feel for your CFI in the first couple of hours, whether or not he/she wants to see you get your license, or is more interested in your Paying them.
Any Army recruiter would be proud you can lie with the best of them. The only way you can go straight into a fight program in the army is if you’ve already got a four-year degree and  commissioned as an officer, and be on a flight contract.   The other way is to progress through the ranks and become an E4P the p stands for promotable, then you can apply to warrant officers candidate school upon passing that and becoming a warrant officer then you can go to flight training.   If you want to be a maintainer it depends on your ASFAB score.   Anyone that tells you different is lying through their teeth! They can tell you anything to get you to sign the enlistment paperwork if it’s not in the contract it doesn’t exist.  Once you sign the contract you become US government property and they can do whatever they want with you to an extent. That’s why you have to pick three jobs if none of the three are available they put you wherever they want it’s called needs of the army.   It’s a little different with the national guard because you’re already in a slot for your chosen job before you go to basic training. But you cannot occupy a flight slot unless you’re qualified for it meaning being an officer, commissioned or warrant.   Being injured in Iraq stopped me from going to warrant officer school I met all the other requirements, they tried to get me a waiver because it was a line of duty injury but the med board had other ideas, and medical me out before the waiver went through.   But the last few years of my military career I got to spend a lot of time in and around the Blackhawks and Lakotas.
Nice landing Kobe ……. Lol too soon ?
So rad 🤘
I work for a company that makes aircraft simulators, but for their Healthcare division (medical manikins). It's impressive how few people die in the aviation industry due to the required simulator time required before flying, as well as the FAA regs in place. Unfortunately, the same isn't true with our Healthcare system, and currently around 250,000 people per year in the U.S. die as a result of medical errors. Just shows you how much value simulation brings to the table. The equivalent of 250k people dying per year in the aviation industry would be around 8 passenger planes with a full passenger load, crashing per day. Imagine the outrage by the public if that was happening in aviation? People would be terrified to even get near an airplane. Perspective I guess.
You know how I know he's rich?😂
Hey bro I found this channel through Facebook hackers acting like you to scam people didn’t know if you were aware or not 😂
My dad taught me to fly fixed wing with the understanding that I would not become a pilot for a living.
I wish I  could afford to do this and was younger. I love to be flying. I flew a plane for a short distance once and it was a great feeling. It was about 30 minutes. I  learned a lot in that short time. Enough I think I  could land one of needed in an emergency. I  know I could take off it's a lot easier. Landing in cross wind can be really scary and dangerous if you not on top of what's happening and know what to do and when to turn the plane when landing. It kinda like trying to land a rock falling out of the sky.
Love your content! Keep doing the great work guys! Love it!
this is an odd question but would be amazing to see. if you finally get a green light to fly the black hawk, Could you use it to retrieve hard to reach abandoned vehicles via air lift? like a small civilian vehicle that any one of your equipment could not reach.
MedMen stock Moving up Today!! California Governor just signed Historical Marijuana Bill. Guess who benefits MOST?  BUY MedMen stock today!! MMNFF
I commend you for your success and for taking care of the people around you
I took lessons in the 300 helicopter I found it was pretty easy to fly it was comfortable and responded well it auto rotated well I love that helicopter. I then tried R22 Robinson and I was so disemmed with it I would never buy one never ride in one I'm done with it. That t handles crazy and Robin's himself admitted that it was not designed to teach people to fly. If you think that's not the case look up Mass bumping in R22 and 44 accidents.
I like your content I would try the game but it won't work on my tablet or my cell phone
Must be nice to have an unlimited pocket book. I can think of many other things I could do to improve my community with the money wasted on this project.
Wow super excited for you...so jealous.
sick
Where from do I know the instructor with the red shirt?
My question is how do these really lame, dumb games.  Sponsor so many videos.   It has to be a shady thing for sure.  No way they have that many people playing that game and paying for it
So excited for you my man!!! It’s just AWESOME to see someone, truly on their own motivated efforts, make their dreams come alive. Seriously, it would be a far better place around here these days if more folks had the same drive to make things happen for themselves the way you’re doing it. If you want it to be, you gotta MAKE it happen by using all that’s been given on your plate. You’re absolutely killing it my friend and it’s a great thing to see happening. Thanks for sharing the experience!! 👍🏻😎👍🏻
You got this! The harder you work the “luckier” 🍀 you get!
Don't get a third class medical for your first one. If there are any issues you want to know before you try to start a career. You will need a first class to fly commercially, so get that. You won't need it for flight training, but it downgrades to a third class anyway over time so isn't completely wasted there either.
I build shelters for helicopter simulators at work. There all over the place. Maybe different than the one you went in but they got em all over the world
Retired from Camp Lejune,  8404 Corpsman , here. Always loved Helos, and have a few hours as Medivac corpsman  under my belt. Did a little cross training with Army, on amphibious insertions, with the BlackHawk. Awesome platform!
Ordered merch a month ago, still nothin..
I’ve heard that those things are maintenance nightmares that require a very expensive maintenance schedule.
You know what’s more rare than that sim machine? That Chief Warrant 4…😮
My father was a crew chief on a CH-53 in the marine corps, 1st mechanic on that and the Huey. He's told me all kinds of different stories. He used to prank his pilots all the time, one time he pinched off there piss tube so when the pilot was taking a piss seated it started coming back at him and he pissed all over himself. He said his favorite part was telling fresh recruits to "get the fk out of my helicopter" as he pushes them out the back for there first parachute ride or rope drop out the center hatch. He said some would turn white and puke. Lol I've always wanted to learn to fly a bush plane, I live in the perfect area for flying into remote areas. I met a local pilot and got together with him a few times. So sometime here in the future I will start my flight school. Can't wait!
I am in awe in what you are doing. More so, I appreciate the effort it took to get to this point. I am just curious what you do for a living that you can afford this helicopter...
Dude, so happy for you, I knew getting that Blackhawk to be in civil aviation was gonna be tough. Good on ya brother I don't know if your ever read one of my comments. I have .an A&P or as we're called today an AMT since Oct 31 1984, day my licence was issued Halloween lol. Really happy for you glad your getting so close to getting your type rating. I know your going to have a blast with it. Watching these video has inspired me to finish getting my private pilot's license.  Got the medical, got my part of the paperwork done on the FAA website, looking for a flight instructor for the flight training and doing ground school on line. Kudos to you bro. Thank for the inspiration to get airborne again!!!!!!!  Keep America free!!!!!
Why the fail on the thumbnail?
You should be pumping up recruiting they're having trouble getting their numbers they need
I have a cargo net for underneath the Blackhawk it was brand new in the box I took the top open to see what was in the box and it sat outside in the rain for six months in the winter and the box fell apart I would like to sell it or trade some of it or some hats and t shirts for my daughters I have five grandkids love your clothes and five daughters ❤❤that likes to wear them
what heavy D forgot to mention they still do high school to flight school i think. but guys like me Prior service are boned. No bonuses no officer path unless i get a 4 year college degree in something i dont even care about. going from green to gold is pretty much impossible. so all you guys with 80,000+ in college debt, can join the military get free pilot training and have your student loans completely paid for. guys like me who joined straight outta high school if we wanna do it after 4 years. are boned. can't do it only for a few years if that. if we try our danmdest to get a 4 year degree. Age restriction on military pilots and such. 22 now. be 27 by the time i have a 4 year. that gives me about 4 good years to actually fly. because im prior service i don't apply for any of the special incentive programs. its funny if you ask me. they'd rather blow a bunch of money on another other guy than improve on what they got already.
Do the main rotors fly through the tail rotors or is there clearance?
Nice to know that if you mess up during auto-rotation, the ground will always be there to catch you as fall out of the sky.
💪💪💪 Fan forever
if you want to see a total fail see my helicopter restoration project that turned into a disaster
As an avionics engineer , hat's off brother ... God Speed
Outstanding AF
Good Luck!
Well which one is it, 60,70 or $80,000?
I love watching your Blackhawk vids. Reminds me of my uncle who just passed and all .his " toys". I just went home a few.weeks ago and walked through his tanks, jeeps, 1/2 tracks, cannons etc. I hope you.get your licence soon!
totally impressed with your dedication
I like your comment about “I took it very seriously”, that is important. Way back when (late 70’s) I instructed fixed wing at a university. I had mostly private pilot students with an occasional instrument and commercial guy tossed in. These were mostly colleges students taking some sort of aviation career path but for whatever reasons most did indeed take 6-8 months to finish their Private Pilot certification. Then I got a couple guys that needed to get their PP so they could start using their GI bill benefits. Both had a very short time before their GI benefits expired. Along with being very competitive they were the lowest timed guys I ever signed off for their check rides. One had 41 hours the other 43. They both finished in about 6 weeks. This was before the written test was computerized too so you had to wait a couple weeks to get your results back. Both went on to be professional pilots. It just takes motivation (and some extra coins come in handy too!🤑)
How do you tow a helicopter? Piece by piece.
We didn’t have that fancy maintenance training in the 1990’s. It was all hands on. Approximately 2800 flight hours as a crew chief and flight instructor. I miss it bad. Would love an opportunity to fly once again. Reguardless love the content your putting out here. Thank You.
👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼
I’m an ex A-10 combat pilot and 30 yr Airline pilot instructor in the B777. Many, many days spent instructing in full motion simulators. Dave, I commend you effort and enthusiasm. These SIMS are very valuable for letting you experience malfunctions on your very worst “day”. I liked your clear concise discussion for new pilots on how to move forward in flying. Great job.
Im so Impressed by HeavyD every time this dude does anything. Honestly never thought I’d be a fan but here we are ❤
Another reason why I'll never ever pay for a youtube subscription for allegedly ad free videos... because you tubers put their own Ads in the focking videos 🤦‍♂️
Lots of buttons and switches and stuff
Hey if anyone actually wants  to be apart of army aviation buy a SIFT study guide and go to flight school before you get ready to make your attempt to school and army and national guard will fast track you from civilian to warrant officer which is different then regular enlisting also it’s important to do it before you enlist because it’s way harder to get everything done as a soldier then it is as a civilian also mention to your local army recruiters that you want to go in as a warrant officer and drop a flight packet
Nice! I work next to the WAATS in AASAF 2. Really cool place and great pilots to work with.
You need to make a set schedule on when you post and let us know. I check to see if you posted more then I check to see if my girlfriend texted me
Good job Dave
Hey you can’t park there lol
Awesome video and inspiring stuff. I know as an airline pilot what it takes and one day wish to fulfil my helicopter dream. Keep up the good work.
Heavy D sparks hope you learn a lot today🚁🚁
Heavy D, I like your first helicopter
I didn't know you could get blackhawk parts from Walmart or Casa d'Italia !!
Okay man, it's UH-60 Black Hawk...not Blackhawk.
Hey Heavy D  they be talking mad sh*t about you on the Jake Sherbrooke you tube channel
I think it’s really cool watching you guys. I hope you have a blessed day. Thanks
Clickbait thumbnail/title damage your brand
You never disappoint. Watching all that you do really inspires me to do better keep up the hard work
Awesome video.
You guys should do a video about Dave’s business journey with sparks motors and his journey of how he is where he is today. I think it’d be very interesting.
One piece of advice for a PPL, do not post videos of you flying while you are being paid for each view to that video.   FAA has argued relentlessly that paid YouTube videos depicting flying can be treated a commercial operation and you’ll be in hot water.
you should really get an IFR rating, at the least. I love you man, but please be smart. Gravity sucks! and having kids, anyway. just looking out.
Hey! I hope your day has gone by well :) Jesus Ioves you! God bless! Romans 10:9
I can tell this is going to be one of the best series on YouTube, just by your passion and dedication, can't wait for the next instalment, not everyone can do what you are doing, just glad that you have invited me along for the ride, I bet that smile of yours is a permanent fixture on your face now👍
Why not certify as a heavy lift pilot and use the Blackhawk to help out with some of the tougher salvages or particularly tough stuck vehicles?  How many times would it have been easier if you could of lifted up while pulling something out of the mud?  Just a thought.
That is awesome, I wish I would have known you were coming, I just started watching your videos a few weeks ago from the blackhawk videos. Really cool too see videos of our hangar and seeing some officers I know.   Everything he is saying is pretty true, started working there as a mechanic a few months ago and it's cool working full time army in the guard. Attention to detail and high QC is definitely a big part of aviation.
I can see it now, HeavyD’s fans want to fly a Blackhawk and turn up for training class in their pick-up truck, beer belly and of course the heavyD beard. Hey Sparks, I wanna be like you man, I wanna get my Blackhawk license, is my beard big enough? Lol omg, snap back to reality guys, keep your day job with your power tools and boots.
So the Army’s simulator is like auditing a college course and some familiarization. Not a bad idea😊
Why make a fake video of your raptor? Wasting 15 mins of people’s time. Now this.
Where did Rambo get his training?
The FC system on this thing is a nightmare.....
This video came at the right time for me. I have been long into my training and feeling a little discouraged by my progress. Life has a way of getting in the way of things we want to do instead of things we need to do. Stuck a nerve when you said you wanted to do this since your first discovery flight but things (life) changed but glad it worked out the way it did. I will get my training done and I will own my own helicopter someday. Thanks for giving the back story, my wife and I heard it and were taken back. Thank you !
Wow Ha ha 🤣 ha yeah okay captain obvious you never heard that it takes a hour of maintenance for ever hour that thing fly's. Because I have.
Your videos are awesome! But why did you need that fake unnecessary thumbnail?
@15:25 "there's a bunch of things in here that I don't need because they're military grade..." (paraphrasing slightly) HD - you don't *want* them because they're military grade.  That's a good thing to be able to dump a lot of that stuff and replace it with a couple Garmin units and an iPad.  You're probably removing a couple hundred man hours a year of maintenance work just by putting civilian radios in it. 🤣  Keep it up man!  You're living the dream and making it happen.
Huge fan sir 😍😍
Recommend you lose you idiot friends when  you do flight training....you don't need there distraction...
How much fuel does that thing burn an hour…what’s the mpg?
I'm just amazed that a Blackhawk is commercially viable. I wish we could use them in Canada but even if we could It would be such a niche market that I dont think exists here. We love our 204/205/212 for fire season, maybe in the logging industry but a Blackhawk must be $4000/hour
You could make bank going to airsoft events and charging them lots of money just to be inserted into the game field via Blackhawk.
I can't join the military as I need an education, otherwise I'd definitely be going for Black Hawk Helicopter Pilot, Commend ya for doing it privately.
This would be awesome.  I would love to fly
Hey HD, I'm thoroughly enjoying the videos. I'm a military vet and a Blackhawk SME (Subject Matter Expert) based out of Redstone Arsenal where you got yours from, built more Blackhawks than I can count, even presidential ones. I highly recommend getting the TCAS system installed, it's a pretty simple installation and you'll be glad you did. Let me know if you have any questions.
Could you come to me I live in Arizona are you still in Arizona
A multi million dollar simulator but you need a flashlight to see the instruments.
been watching your videos for yrs now when they come acrost my feed. I actually Subed due to the chopper build.
Invoices that are so expensive for the Blackhawk is a $3.29 chocolate shake from McDonald’s 😂😂😂
I can honestly say I have never heard of a 60 driver with only a private pilot license.
omg, can't tell how much i love your shit. would have loved to see more of the actual flying with the blackhawk, handling the manipulators and stuff. i hope there will be more, can't wait man. thanks so much for the video!
I’ve flown an Airbus simulator at the FAA in OKC. It was insane. Looks the same but it is white.
Great video bro, Good info 👍 Something my youngest is looking into
First things first....where do you put the quarters in to start this helicopter sim??????...   :0).......
Congrats man that is awesome
Thank you Heavy D for all you have given to the Military and Veterans. I am a Desert Shield/Storm Air Force Veteran, I was a truck driver and a Fire Fighter in the  military and now I have done Fire Fighting for 30 years in the civilian side. I get goose bumps watching the military trucks you drive and miss them. I especially love watching the helicopter clips which would be awesome to Fly . Here's to you and may you always have power to your rotors.
7:00  yo momma passed the oral test
13:40 Bro I spit out my damn coffee 😆😆😆💀💀💀
HeavyD can you do a video on how you met all the guys/friends who help you?
Awesome content, I just can't wait for more of the helicopter. Great job man!!
I got 1 hour in the Harrier simulator in Yuma thanks to my boss.  Yes I flew loops, rolls and a few other maneuvers, no I couldn’t hover successfully. But a couple of touch and goes were good.  It was a memory I’ll never surpass.
Well interesting video,yet again. Absolutely fascinating to watch. 😀
This unique experience is something alright! Being part of it through these videos is truly special as well. Thank you for the thorough updates, many of us really appreciate the content and hype. I always wanted to be a pilot, but my ADHD is a handicap I dont feel comfortable flying with. Good luck with the finals!
Isn't the Blackhawk a 2 person pilot crew?
🤠
Seeing the recent “success” of the Taliban trying to fly one, so pay attention to the IP address of your “new” subscribers 😂😂😂😂
Awesome progress can’t wait to see the next video 😎
My ex fiancé has been a commercial pilot for several years now, and we were together from 2002-2008 which encompassed the entirety of his college education including flight school and all his certs. It’s funny how easily one forgets that not everybody is aware of the process it takes to become a pilot and how specific the licensures are. Becoming a commercial pilot is definitely an example of the saying “it takes money to make money” I remember being blown away at how expensive it was back in 2004/2005 when he was needing flight time. I can only imagine how much that’s increased in the last 15+ years. His parents ultimately purchased a small, older Cessna 4 seater for him because it was cheaper than paying the fees through the flight school, plus their marked up fuel fees, etc., as well as fast tracking the process due to not having to compete with your whole school for scheduling flight hours and such. Plus they rented out the plane to other students who could afford to get their hours outside of the program.  Ah, memories. Haven’t thought about him or all that stuff in a long time.
dude talking about how expensive it is for a blackhawk. No a dime came out of his pocket
Any updates on Susan Powell?
0:22 receipt on the far right is a Panic at the disco album list
You Rock Dave now you can fly supplies to Cerro Gordo
“I’d just bump start it- you guys want me to give you a push?”   - Diesel Dave 2022 😂😂😂😂
You want something that rhymes with Blackhawk.
Been following your channel for about a year. I think this is your best thus far. Very personal. With your private license and your type rating, will you be able to use the Blackhawk for recovery?
overzized playstation or computer simultor
Ooooh punisher logo, SO COOL BRUDDER 😂
Ha first world problems eh, my blackhawk helicopter is expensive to keep !!
Never stop grown in self Value!!
My son's 3500 dodge truck. And recovery vic.soon.god 🙏 willing!
Great video Heavy An amazing journey I'm all about what you are doing Spent some time as a choker setter for a helicopter logging company years ago also a bunch of years as a Wildland firefighter and we used helicopters often while fighting those fires We used several models of Bell n a few models of the old Sikorskys Flown in planes a few times big n small but definitely am a Helicopter man at heart That Blackhawk is a gorgeous piece of equipment Wish you the best with your licensing Big Respect Dave!
Awesome video
Hand carved art on ita way to the Golden Boys at Sparks motors!
Clear Prop! That's what I'm talkin about!  Well done.
I love reading the comments below. You have a great following!
I thought it would have a lot more screens in it, that seems that everything today it has computerized screens and so much computerization to these things anymore.
This is going to be really interesting.  My FIL was a USMC night-fighter recon pilot in Korea and then went to work for the FAA where he became a flight safety inspector.  Before he retired, he had every type rating available except one.  He had no interest in flying something that, “by all the laws of physics, shouldn’t be able to stay in the air.”  So nope, no helo rating.  I’m really going to enjoy watching this process!  Btw, when he retired from the FAA, I stupidly asked him if he was going to buy himself an airplane.  He said, “Beth, I flew jets.  What to you think?”  Ummm.  I think that was a resounding NO!
That surprises me  D doesn't fly the fixed wing. I think the reason he has the pilot fly his turbo prop is the added safety factor, because when he has his family in  the air craft he wants the instructor who is IFR  as the pilot and D is the copilot. D may not have his license but you probably couldn't tell if you flew with him.   Does anyone know if D is IHR ?
Buy a h225 super puma next
Awesome videos! I am a helicopter flight instructor over in Idaho and a Blackhawk mechanic. Let me know if you guys need help with anything. Keep up the good work guys!
This is fascinating. I enjoyed those guys busting balls on you a bit, but what an amazing opportunity.
Can’t wait to see what all you lift with the Blackhawk.
Hi Heavy D, I really want to see more of the Black Hawk stories man. I just a wheelchair power chair pilot from South Africa, your video's keep me going.
I love the click bait for fail,  You wanted that copter for a long time, it is going to take time to get it but I have no illusion that you will succeed.  Love the journey you are taking, have fun with it
I just subscribed bc of the McDonald's  Receipts edited into the video lmfao 💀🤣😂.
Hey Heavy D thanks for your video. I always wanted to  learn how to fly helicopter when I was in the USMC back in the 80s. I never had a good job to afford the flying  schools. Now I am 62 years old and my chance is over. But I can dream and watch other folk get there dream. Thanks again and keep them coming.
Nice. I've always wanted to become a private pilot for a simple single engine airplane but I don't exactly have deep pockets. I've always wanted to fly though and have thought about building my own personal drone style quad copter that probably wouldn't require a pilots license to fly. It would be an electric powered single person aircraft that would weight less than 300 lbs. That means about 550 lbs at the most with my bodyweight included. My own body weight is around 250. I don't know what kind of regulation would be behind something like that, but from what I've seen on YouTube in the past you only have to alert the FAA to your launch coordinates, date and time of launch, and intended flight path when launching a weather balloon. Really wonder if this wouldn't fall under something similar to a hot air balloon. Also I really hope things work out for you heavy. It'll be awesome to see you fly that Blackhawk around on your own terms. You're an amazing man who has helped a lot of people as well as cleaning up our planet. You've done things that not many people even wanted to try. God bless you.❤️❤️❤️❤️
So next episode series "well I got a Ford F-15"
Hey I work in palo alto California at opener  blackfly  They are looking  for  people interested in get one You should come check us out
I'm a Private Pilot trying to teach myself the 737-800 using X-Planes11 with a VR Headset. It's not full motion, but it is darn accurate. Mentor Pilot is my unknowing flight instructor. I just subscribed when I saw you bought the Blackhawk. I have a fixed wing license with 30 hours in R-22s and Bell 47s but I never finished the rotary add-on due to financial and military deployment reasons!  It used to be cheaper to get your fixed wing through commercial and then do a rotary add-on and turbine transition than just going straight rotary. As a retired National Guard Major and private pilot, I loved this video!
Really thinking about it, do you get drug tested???
That McDonalds receipt was from 2020!
Next you should get a private battleship
Flying and SCUBA diving are the best way to divorce your self from the rest of the world. Wonderful peace.
Can't wait to see HeavyD flying the Blackhawk. I love the passion and dedication of HeavyD.. one of the best channel on YouTube period
To anyone that wants to fly but this sounded like too much money and red tape. Paramotors are for you. Technically you can teach yourself and get flying with no license, and get there for around 6k.
Sweet!
256 ROLLTIDE
The link for conflict of nations doesn't work I haven't got the gold etc.
I did my training first at Ft Eustis for CH-47D maintenance and then at EAATS at Indian Town gap to be a UH-60 maintainer. We didn’t have maintenance simulations back then lol. We worked on old busted aircraft that would never fly again. I loved working on Blackhawks. Couldn’t ask for a better helicopter to work on.  Fly Army!
They call People Like You and I Citizens. if you wanted to use a Correct term.
No one going to say anything about that first "invoice" being a Mcdonalds slip? That caught me off guard...
Just kind a "tickle" and I do not know if nowadays' sims can do this (and I don't see why they couldn't) like some of the early Blackhawk ones could was that if, lets say, you took off from some airfield and flew a traffic pattern and landed, the sim system could record your flight and its path and then you could take off and fly formation with "yourself" (recorded by the sim system from your previous traffic pattern flight) as a training event (but it WAS a heck of a lot of fun!!) in preparation for later formation training so you'd be kinda 'proficient" and know what to expect. BTW, the US Army few LOTS of formation missions, so it was very necessary to learn how to do this not only in day conditions, but then to do it while wearing Night Vison Goggles.  NVG formation was something we did a fair bit when my primary aircraft was the Blackhawk and the flight platoon I commanded was the "night platoon", not to mention flying Nap Of the Earth (NOE) on the goggles at quite low levels (as in sometimes being BETWEEN the trees, not just at treetop level! When doing NVG formation, we used what we back in in those days called "slime lights" (but were actually called, IIRC, NVG formation lights) for position reference between aircraft. It was all a lot of fun, but DID certainly challenge your flying skills!
So cool but I’m confused about one thing; is the “National Guard” similar to the “Nasty Guard”? 🤣🤣🤣 Sorry, couldn’t resist poking a little fun at the AGR bubbas.
you should do a video with grind hard plumbing co. i would pay to see that
When do you get your 'Dark Knight' Ranger Level?
Thanks for taking us along on your journey.
My brother actually use to fly Blackhawks in the army for like 15 years it’s really cool seeing this brings back memories of being able to go into the hanger and check it out
Oral exam’s are great!
I love your guys stuff. Keep up the good work, Heavy D what’s your next purchase a freaking Abrams tank, a Bradley fighting vehicle 😅
Take a shot every time he says black hawk.
Day-Am!
737 pilot here I have always wanted to fly helicopters but I was swayed by a friend to attend and learn with the big rigs. after some years. do what you love but also don't get burned out from the schooling you'll receive and have an open and fair mind. just bored going through YouTube cool channel dude
"Do you want to bump-start it? Do you want me to push it?" 😂😂😂
Taking a license for a Blackhawk sounds like taking a license for a car in Sweden 😂
As an Army Veteran,  thank you for your support and backing of our Armed Forces.  You have a great channel and an even better crew of misfits.
All training counts… even if it isn’t logged. I have easily twice the amount of training, as logged training.
1st video i seen you do a click bait on .. Your preview thumbnail shows you holding a little sign saying Blackhawk test fail. That sign was 1 reason i decided to watch this video !! You failed on this one cause i hate click bait !!
I think it should be renamed a flight stimulator. 😂
You need to pick up the bus with it
Hey guys any ideas what your going to utilize the Blackhawk for ?  If you ever lean towards wildfire assistance I know plenty of people in Cali/Arizona that have private fire companies that pay crazy money.. plus the Warden would certify you guys for whatever you need
I love hearing how much Heavy D loves Black Hawks
I never understood why the commercial certificate requires more time flying… the object is don’t crash. Shouldn’t everyone be trained to the same level… do not crash?
How much did the thing cost in the first place?
Looks like it's time to dump HeavyDSparks into an ARMA Simulator
One of my dreams in life is to be one of the first private owner/operators of a US Marine Corps CH-53E Super Stallion. You want heavy lift, I got heavy lift. I used to maintain them when on Active Duty in the Corps. Amazing bird, few others come anywhere close.
You mentioned that you got into helicopter way back when you flew on one of those intro heli flight classes. My wife purchased one of those for me years back. I wanted to get into flying but was discouraged with the fees associated with the training. However, it was definitely an awesome experience.
Just subscribed to both your channels! Thanks Heavy D for the great videos!
Not gonna find a $20k airplane right now...even a Cessna 120, one of the smallest and cheapest aircraft, goes for over $40k right now. A Cessna 172, the most common flight school aircraft, is around $100k. Unfortunately, aircraft prices have gone WAY WAY up in the last couple years, but we may be seeing that rise flattening out.
The control in your left hand is called the cyclic.
Start at 2 min
Do you plan on learning to do heavy lift long line work with your Hawk?
WAR THUNDER
Rich ppl problems.
Aircraft mechanics and pilots have certificates not licenses. If you can find the word license on your certificate I'll mail you a million dollars.
My son decided at 14 that he wanted to fly Blackhawks.  On his 15th birthday we got him a ride along in an R44.  He has been hooked ever since.  At 16, he is about halfway through his training.  He pays for his own lessons. (We pay everything else..lol) I link him to your Blackhawk vids.  He is now considering going to college in southern Utah because of their excellent flight programs.  He is looking forward to the day that he can share the skies over Utah with you folks.
As a 56 year old mom, I want to say how proud I am of you and your team, for all you do!!!!!    And a shout out also for encouraging our youth!!!!
Clarification needed on the extent of private use vs. commercial use. I was surprised to learn recently that the FAA's distinction when it comes to flying drones is surprisingly restrictive. I can fly my drone all day long for hobby or pleasure but the second I use it to help my neighbor look for a lost ball in his guttter, post footage to Youtube with any level of monitization (either now or in the future), or any host of other things - I'm in violation without getting my Part 107 license.  Does the FAA view private licenses in the same restrictive light? Is Dave walking a fine line using his rotorcraft in the making of Youtube videos, even peripherally?
Loving this series. I was a Sea-Hawk Avionics Tech in the Navy for years (SH-60B at HSL East Coast). Like a handful of member berries.
Simulator that is using the lockheed martin prepar3d V5  :)
dave congrats on getting closer to being a Blackhawk pilot safe flights
Fantastic video, Thanks!!!!
Hey if you are one of those people who can’t afford to by your own helicopter, save the extra money and do your research! When choosing a flight school saving money on a cheaper aircraft to get a bunch of hours and ratings in an aircraft that no one flys commercially you will limit your ability to get a job. Not impossible but making your life harder. I sugest the Robinson 22 if you wanna save some money but get some time in the R44 as it will more then likely be the first job you get after schooling
Fantastic enjoy the journey. Best part of my flight training was learning everything loved it👍👍😎😎
Abit much for a private individual. And also, its only a matter of time before the chassis cracks again and renders the helicopter a scrap wreck. Why go through all that shit.
It was so amazing to be in the army and working on helicopters and that means a lot
ATTA BOY Heavy D YOU CAN DO IT.
Dave Sparks is one man who waisted NO TIME in life and truly made the most of what he could. He lives a life everyman wishes they could do. I'm an equipment operator and I envied all his equipment my father was a helicopter pilot and I used to get to fly with him and now I envy his birds. Lol such an awesome guy man.
Sorry fell asleep through the very first half 😔
Wish you all the best in getting your  Blackhawk License! Thank you for taking us along so far and can't wait for the next video
Didn’t mention your written test.
👍
Oh 58
sorry I was lost as soon as he open his mouth 👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👾🤖👾👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👾🤖👾👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👾🤖👾👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👾🤖👾👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👾🤖👾👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👾🤖👾👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👾👾👾👾👾👾👾👾👾👾👾👾👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽👽😈😈😈😈😈 ?
Yeah 3.64US for a chocolate shake and 96EUR for groceries isn't expensive but what does that have to do with a black hawk lol jk good vid
No more black hawk please 🙏🏻
So much pilots in the comments and i'm here like "oh yeah, i'm a certified AH-64 Apache pilot in Battlefield 4"
Hats off to Heavy D, livin the dream through hard work and dedication to where he wants to go in life. I envy him cause he is doing everything that interested me as a young man. Mechanic and truck builder, driving tractor trailers, owning and operating heavy equipment, and learning to fly helicopters. This dude is a legend for all of us who gave up on our dreams to raise a family. Then again he has done an excellent job of that too. 👏
13:20 - Hans records ideas for Heavy D'S new office reno. Later realizes his folly, is voluntold he has to build it himself. 👌 self destruction as an art form.
Got my PPL in a R22 earlier this month.  My instructor has 12k+ hours in all kinds of different aircraft, including UH-60s, Ospreys, all kinds of shit.  He said he prefers training people in the R22 because it's the twitchiest helicopter to fly, if you can learn to fly it then you can fly literally any rotorcraft.  PPL cost me about 16-18k USD for those interested but don't have the money to buy their own bird.
You are living my dream! I've always wanted to fly Blackhawks. I still have that now at 45 years old!
Im unhappy with you
Especially if the Navy doesn't sponsor you anymore, uh?!
I mean I wouldn't ever think but I pray to God they don't ever become gullible enough or weak enough to listen to the tyrants in office and the IRS and turn on the people
At a time when our military needs new recruits, this is a good way to advertise.
Bump start it lol funny guy lol
thanks for the vid
SORRY HEAVY D,,I cant join in on war games.I firmly believe : Through CHRISTJESUS KINGDOM RULE ESTABLISHED BY ALMIGHTY GOD OUR HEAVENLY FATHER JEHOVAH GOD  we will.have PEACE. EARTHWIDE . Isaiah 2:2-4.While.human governments today do have peacekeeping forces, subjects of Gods Kingdom will be peacable with their fellowman EARTHWIDE..THE BOOK OF ROMANS 13 TELL US TO BE IN SUBJECTION TO THE SUPERIOR AUTHORITIES AS THEY EXIST BY GOD!! I AM A PEACABLE PERSON.I RESPECT GODS LAWS... Back here in nc...
Fantastic content!
My parents got me a trial flight in a Robby when I was about 17, and yeah a few years later got my CPL in the R22, and type ratings in R44 and Jetranger. There is absolutely no better feeling than flying a helicopter. Thank you for taking us on this journey...
idk how tf you have other helicopters too, a blackhawk could make you go broke xD
Good luck!
What is up Dave   Awesome content and hope you do well with black hawk license...can't wait for black hawk videos.....love from Melbourne Australia 🇦🇺
Hilarious coming from Mr open borders himself .
Surprising that a flashlight is needed before the start.
Nice job H.D
So if i get this right as you don't have any fair paying passengers your flights are all clear.
I hope you are not planning a mass shooting as a revenge for this
Man o man you remind me of myself when I was younger. Always wanted to fly helicopters  . Keep up the good work for all of us out here who can't do it . 🤠
Fuck dude so excited for you💪🏻🇿🇦
I’ll fly it for you 😂
Cool to see the Conflict of Nations sponsor, I've been playing before I even found your videos and its a fun strategy game to play. Suits the Blackhawk perfectly!
Really informative video David!  Thanks for sharing.
Finally got free time to watch watch a hectic ass day
When are you getting a Chinook for recoveries?
God Bless America!!!
Thank God For our Men and women in the Military.... without them our way of life would not be possible.
🔥💕👌👍
Dang,,, that's a lot of switches,,,,, it doesn't do that many things,,, must be called the intimidation panel . ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, JEREMY IN ALABAMA.
Maccas chocolate shake. Nice choice.
One thing that needs to change is the cost. We should be way more advanced than we are . If we are going to get up to speed where we need to be as a race this has got to be  affordable . But thanks man, I appreciate you Brother. ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, JEREMY IN ALABAMA.
Chocolate shake
R22 laughing in a corner
Great vidj heavy D 💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💯👍🏴‍☠️🏴‍☠️🏴‍☠️😎🤘😎🤘😎🤘🇬🇧🇬🇧🇬🇧🇬🇧🇬🇧🇬🇧🇬🇧💪💪
Can’t wait! Glad to see your dream coming true. 👏🏼👏🏼
Should get some outdoor gear for sponsors rather then video games...
Bull shit that sponsor is a joke.. Every YouTuber is using it this week.. there sponsored ads sucks.
Good luck go for it all the best
Goodluck with the project.
Man this is so cool brother I started watching your channel about one year ago congratulations 💙 love your content
So where is the fail?
Next level sh$t right here my man !! 👍🏻👍🏻🇦🇺
All best for you
I always love getting life insurance ads before watching D's videos 🤣 so fitting for some of the content
Expensive chocolate shake
As a 15B in the Texas Army National Guard this series is awesome and I enjoy watching it.
1341,that’s a Macca’s receipt.
im a con i cant get a pilot licence but i want one so bad
Graduated Army flight school back in the late 80s. Ended up qualifying in 7 aircraft, flying 60s at the end of my career. Blackhawk is a good aircraft.
love this show got everything a  male needs to get a natural high
since you’re getting militaryflight training, it twould be good to be at least be in the army or air force reserve. you will learn things that you can not learn in the civilian sector…
Your all joking about push starting a 60. We use to joke with the grunts about push starting  a Hawk and they believed it.
Wtf are you promoting a “game” of war.   That’s just what’s wrong w this world.  War is not a game.  Not to be “ played”.  I have been inspired and somewhat impressed w your channel but this promotion is a sell out. Thought you were better than that.
I just wonder how long it's going to take for Homeland security to put this guy under tight surveillance.
I was standing there on a hill when a helicopter I heard coming toward me my friend said what kind of helicopter is that I said it's Italian helicopter he said how do you know it's Italian helicopter I said listen as it goes by and as it goes by you hear this sound wop wop wop wop wop wop wop wop wop wop
Your Gonna need a bigger hanger😂
🤣
enjoy your training
Is JT the guy that did the hostage thing with you guys?
people arnt joining the military because of dementia JOE .........
I’ve been interested in getting my license since I was a teenager. Thanks for this.
This dude is fucking crazy. In a good way.
Using in youtube videos would qualify it for business i thought?
Good luck brother 👍👋👋👋
When I graduated high school in 88 the only way you could be a commercial pilot for airlines only military now days you can goto school. That sucked because that was my dream.
Amazing. Thanks for the upload. Much love from the UK ❤️
Thank you so much for sharing, this is SO GREAT.
I'm a UH-60M pilot at the hangar next door to the WAATS. I had no idea you guys were here. As a long-time watcher would have been cool to meet you guys.
Invest in a cheep plane and I'll teach for ppl and give u rental for the plane tell I can buy it.sounds good.its my plan in the long run.keep up the good work..blue skys
In Cleetus's last video he says he's been away from the shop working on a project. Now we know what it is. He's always staring at Blackhawks overhead and he's got a friend that owns one. This one was a no-brainer.
On a other note ,,, I always wanted to e a helicopter pilot myself but never got past the sea sickness part , and you are telling me what I can’t do ,and I’m not sure in heart problems in someone will kick me out of if or not , lol,,, thanks BigAl California.
These war games are terrible for the local kids inthe small tow all around the world 🌎 if it is not none evil minded then it is terrible for people and kids to be involved in  that is the true truth ,thanks BigAl California praise Jesus Christ grace grace grace amen 🙏.
Man, this brought back lots of memories.  I very happy for you. Your desire to fly this chopper and found away to get it done. I'm a/was  Air Force Aircrew member on EC-130's.  That a four engine aircraft. That's a C-130 with lots of electronics on-board.  If we were to ever have to bailout of this aircraft,  you would have to throw a lot of equipment out the crew entrance door . That's do you rake off a lot of antennas off the bottom of the plane.  They are blade type antennas and would be like a lot of knife type blades that would cut you up. Getting a check ride once a year . I moved up to a flight instructor and then to the flight  Evaluator in Stan/Eval.  Good Luck!
I don’t know why, but I just got a real bad feeling about this helicopter.
Definitely very cool to see all of this. Brings back so many awesome memories from flight school. I’m a current UH60L pilot, Active Army. How do you guys get around the 2 pilot minimum crew requirement? Does it have to do with the restricted/experimental classification? If you need an extra front seater, I know a few 😂
So if you have access to money ….. you can do this quick. If you don’t your looking at a year or more and a lot of money. That’s still pretty quick though I guess if you can afford it.
Is diesel Dave helicopter pilot also
@22:59 Wax the shit out of those blades!!!
When you mentioned Robinson helicopter it brings me back the days when I used to work there
I've had a dream for years to become a pilot, but I've just never had the income or the time to become a pilot. I won't give up, but it's going to take a while.
Gotta be careful of any meds for the medical
Is nobody gonna bring up the fact that he had a unicorn in the video??? I thought he was an Lt for a second!
Ow no heavy d sparks hope you can fix the Helle coptu
You sir are an amazing individual. The videos you post are so informational to people with all types of dreams and goals in life.  If everyone out there who has the means could be a little more like you with your desire to share your talents and abilities and the gifts that god has givin you with everyday people this world would be a far better place.  Nothing but the best of wishes for you, your family  and “brothers” and what you’re doing! Thank you so much for the entertainment! God speed!
Heavy D.... is an AMZING story himself! This blows my Mind!
I read you ca buy a fighter jet now.
So just how much does it cost to buy a Black Hawk Helicopter?
good luck
Kudos to you. Much success to your training and everything you do.
Check out DCS. It's a simulator that has perfect 1 to 1 simulations of military aircraft. I'm pretty sure they have the Blackhawk. They simulate EVERY system, radar, instrument flight, the whole nine yards. It would be a good way to practice procedure.
Pretty cool one day I’ll finish my ppl an buy a plane I was on track with plenty of pilot friends at a home town airport I grew up on with job options as a pilot for the future but moved a few states away now back to square one an looking for the perfect local program to start back up again
You're a couple of centuries too late to thank military for our "freedoms". All modern wars are Resource Wars, War for Profit. Unethical. Immoral. Evil. Toxic.  All modern military staff enlist as a choice. No one today is Conscripted.
Absolutely love the Blackhawk videos ...
If you ever get the opportunity to go flying in the Swiss Alps/Switzerland it's amazing!
Love these video's! Keep them coming...
Legit stuff
Knowing how it works mechanically will serve you well when operating. Knowledge is KING
This video is real interesting for me because I was an instrument flight instructor in the Air Force and used an rather crude early version of the simulators (back in the 70's) all the instruments/controls worked as real. Plus on our time off we were allowed to come in a 'fly' to enhance our ability to teach. They were T-37 and T-38 training jets.
Good stuff
This is fascinating, thanks for sharing!
AWSOME!!!!!
I would pass the Physics part, being a physics nerd, Dr Nikola Tesla was ya boy!!!   Einstein was a liar, a fraud, "a fool in purple robes".
So.................. How much do you want it?
the reason helicopters turn better to the Left is because of the way earth spins
Now remember the Taliban guys who just crashed. 😹😹😹
Fabulous.
No missile guidance system in yours Dave?
My wife is a navy veteran. We both have an intrest in getting a pilots license to fly privately. I personaly have never even been on a plane so its definitely something id love to experience. Id love to see a cost breakdown on the training and license fees for flying a helecopter like the ones you started with.
my father was a pilot in the army national guard for 34 years. majority in uh 60 and lakotas, some huey, apache and cobras. was always my dream. he retired as a full bird flying the lakotas. he said they were so much nicer and had some sort of AC in them. hope it goes well for you brother
I am excited for you! How fortunate you are to to be in this point in your life. JT is a good man (I was his aviation Commander many years ago). Before you get to eager to fly on your own, make sure you get proper training in mountain operations and power management! The Blackhawk is indeed a powerful aircraft but even so, at these Utah altitudes and summer temps, even the Blackhawk can run into power issues! I look forward to watching you fly around our beautiful State of Utah!
Love the opportunities your creating for the future.
Hope you learn how to carry cargo and max weight before aerodynamics go coo coo.
You have determination
Now you gotta get a Chinook
Great series!  Why wouldn't you take a commercial check ride?  Surely you  have logged way more than the 250 hours required.  And you mentioned using it for recovery (surely commercial). I would think even filming from the helicopter for your channel would be walking the line between private/commercial since you monetize.  But regardless, frickin cool that you bought a Blackhawk.
You see the UH-60 was on a training flt in Afghanistan by the Taliban recently with bad results?
Blackhawk down. HD just killed his crew. 😟
🚁🚁🚁🚁🚁🚁🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
👍👍👍🙏🙏🙏🙏🤙🤙🤘🤘
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥💥💥💥💥👍👍👍
24:58 [Attention] Showing Respect
use that shit for business! right that off! irs nothing to see here.
My dad took some flying lessons in his bachelor days in the 1920s.  Back then, he said it was $20 an hour, which was pretty good money in those days.  He eventually had to stop prior to getting a license due to that very financial commitment. However, he remained interested in aircraft all his life, and indeed ended up working at United Air Lines as an instrument mechanic until he retired.  He passed the interest and much information about planes on to me.  Sadly, becoming a pilot has a lot of mathematical calculations that need to be done, and I've always sucked at math, so I wasn't able to try for flight school myself. I did,  however, manage to get my solo certificate flying radio-controlled model planes back in the1980s.  LOL Enjoyed your video and the inside peek at the simulator.
😂😂 That’s a McDonald receipt at 0:11 sec
Someone, PLEASE explain the nail polish?! I've noticed this in other videos... Hans, no judgment. But I'm pretty sure I saw Heavy D toes painted in a different video... 🤔
you are so fortunate to have this opportunity thank you for sharing the experience
Super cool great job!
Congrats on the Blackhawk and the support you have. The schooling. Those simulations in a military grade simulator are fun and scary. Those programs they will throw at you can really make your brain go into overload lol. You'll be great I am sure.  Good luck with your passion.
I got to play around in a Chinook simulator in Savannah, GA.  Crazy amounts of fun and unbelievable how real it all felt.
I am so proud of you for doing what you're doing but what you're doing I'm supporting our country I know that in a pinch you would be there to pull people out thank you for that I love you man I just wish I could be there with you.
when i was 9 I flew a professional flight simulator
You keep saying its for personal use but in previous video you said it may be used for lifting and recovery, wouldnt that make it part of the buisness and not a private vehicle? Im just curious how it get classed, super intresting series
Funny story on several layers when I took my private pilot fixed wing check ride. First off the examiner was confused on which runway I was supposed to use. Confirmed with tower I was on correct runway. Wait there was another problem before that,I figured w&b and we were 50 pounds forward, told checkride pilot and he said I will keep my arm in the back seat, lol. After a few basic procedures he wanted me to do some Chandelles and I had never even heard of them! The examiner asked who my instructor was and then showed me what he wanted me to do. I did them ok I think. Did a few more stalls, etc and went back to the airport. Examiner went into his office and closed the door. My instructor asked me all about the flight. A few of the things I told him we did my instructor said you don’t have to do that! When I came to the chandelles my instructor said YOU TOOK A COMMERCIAL TEST!  He asked if I passed or not and I said I don’t know he didn’t say anything. My instructor said well the examiner should be typing in his office (manual typewriters-noisy) and he isn’t! Again my instructor was getting worried why the examiner hadn’t came out yet.  FINALLY the examiner came out and embarrassed said I can’t give you your license because my certificate expired last week! To finish up he got his cert renewed and signed off on my private. Nothing was ever said about all the extra maneuvers I had to do along with flying under the hood. To this day I believe I passed a commercial test that day!
The new egg beater is a beauty. But... that's nor why I am commenting. This is off topic of aviation but I just saw and highly reccomend you watch the ice breakthrough and recovery scene on the Grand Tour season 5 episode 1. They recover a car from an ice hole in a frozen lake in Finland. It could be all fake, but the physics are sound and something like their method would have been helpful for at least one of your recoveries. Lol, besides, it's quite entertaining. You will laugh.
My son in law is in Utah at SUU going through their program on his G.I bill..has his helicopter license and instrument rating, and he's going all the way to CFI..also working on his A/P.   I'm jealous!
Can't wait to see you fly that Blackhawk
Good way for tax right off       sick video
That's a McDonald's receipt haha
Fly for me. I would fail the physical at the door. God bless keep your head in the clouds.
I was a crew chief at WAATS 88-94 and aero scout observer on my weekend drills! I loved Silver Bell HP!
Good luck getting your license. After working at Sikorsky I was amazed the size of the CH 53E and now they have the M. When Sikorsky first built the Blackhawks external arms for fuel tanks and assortment of weapons. I built the first 2 proto type control boxes for the ESSS on the UH 60. The Army came in one day and wanted the switches changed on it to different areas on the control panel that were already built when I was told it could not be built because the previous people who built them made them out of flex print and it could not be done in time. I was also told it coukd not be done and loved challenge. What I did was a new layout per the Army request and hand wired the switch box successfully. I was transferred to Metrology shorty after since i was moving up the ladder and my old boss said, the Army just asked for a 3rd box to be built. Well the rest is history and that was in the late 80s. Again good luck.
not gonna lie?    do  you lie often?
Correct me if I'm wrong but didn't I see Diesel Dave piloting your helicopter in a earlier video?
I absolutely love aviation. I found your channel awhile ago watching a recovery video, then saw you were a pilot also and knew I was hooked. I was so excited for you when I saw you bought a blackhawk..dream come true man
Wow that's cool they let you into the Silverbell Army heli port!😎🤙🔥
Yo that was a CW-4 they are rare only those who know, know
skip ad no one cares
Looks fun
No Firefighting 😢
Like how you said 20 grand was cheap like we have that in our wallets
Great video,
I've taken a few flights with FLT Academy. They are pretty awesome, and Jason is the best.  I will be a pilot someday (soon as I can afford the fight school). BUT I've never been in a rotary wing...I hope to go up in a helicopter soon.
I just can’t stop myself from thinking of the “black cock down” scene from We’re the Millers
If you are or ever have been a struggling pilot paying those dues, smack that regret button... 🤣🤣😩
$3.64 for a Chocolate Milk Shake from McDonalds. Jesus you you poor soul thats an absolute rip off.
Just finished the simulator portion of my ATP-CTP course. I’ve got one type rating so far, hopefully next is a jet.
I would highly recommend a full simulator course for the training.  The sim will allow you to do a lot of things you shouldn't do in the air.  Plus, you get multiple sets of eyes on your training.
Sparks the new influencer recruiter because the army can't recruit anymore.
no shit
Great frikin vid!
This is awesome.  I love seeing this behind the scenes stuff.  Since I was a kid I always wanted to be a helicopter pilot.  I fly paramotor and big RC helicopters.  It's a start.  Just need to make more money....
That’s crazy.. the first time I’ve seen you wear shoulder harnesses, and your in a sim.
Jeezus christ. All those buttons and switches? Brain overload.
TLC and not letting it sit...corrosion control, keeping servo pistons clean...TLC. As a maintenance contractor since 1980 (retired in 2020) helo's like all aircraft need lots of TLC. I work Hawks and knew how they were maintained when they came into phase...some got very little TLC and required a lot of maintenance. I can honestly say they will fly broken...lol. They do not like a salty environment. If you fly in sandy and salty areas wash her very good.
Knock on wood but helicopters scare me. In a helicopter, if the engine fails, you fall from the sky. In a plane, at least you have the chance to glide to safety.
All things difficult will provide great accomplishment once mastered.
This was super interesting. I’ve thought about one day getting a pilots license but I still can’t decide whether I’d rather focus on planes or helicopters.
First time in my life,  I have ever clicked on a ' like " and got '30k" lol Crazy Day.  I never got a lotto ticket tho...  Oh well. Shout out from Canada
I know exactly what you mean about flying is your relaxation. I used to be that way with riding my Harley. Sadly as my medical issues have made it so I cannot ride anymore I am "grounded" I hope you never run into this situation. Keep on making videos please so I can watch and get enjoyment from your fun and experiences. By the way I got to fly the Canadian CP140 which is the same as your P3 Orion, many hours in the seats going around North America and England and other countries. Longest flight was 14 hours in the air
I can fly it for you.
Next up, a CH-47.....
A Pilatus... a blackhawk... damn.
Hey Sparks...when you leave Lexington in the Blackhawk...head west to the Rough River Lake Lodge and airport in central Ky and grab a bite to eat so I can personally see this Blackhawk lol
I love this guy Heavy D is legit  He’s smart af and has a work ethic that you can’t help but appreciate..  He deserves everything he has
I was noticing your right arm while you fly……..you seem to hardly ever rest your right elbow on your right thigh.  By resting your forearm on your thigh it  prevents you from using your upper arm and shoulder muscles to manipulate the cyclic.  Thereby using fine motor control via your wrist and hand muscles also prevents you from over controlling the a/c.  I’ve know fellow aviators who will even stuff a small towel into their right thigh compartment to further isolate their distal forearm and wrist from their upper arm and shoulder.  I’m sure you have been informed about this before and would highly encourage you to think about it especially in such a pitch sensitive a/c such as the Blackhawk.  (As a former Cobra and Apache driver, I swore a pinky swear never to capitalize the word Blackhawk!). A couple more observations……..in the Army a 60, 64 and 47 are all dual pilot a/c.  This means that you can’t even start the main engines without both pilots at the controls let alone fly s8ngle-pilot.  Does the FAA allow you to qualify single pilot in restricted category or will you have to  have the second pilot?  Also, I understand the fact that you are putting on a “show” with regards to the attire you wear while flying.  However, the Army has gone to great lengths to develop nomex clothing and gloves to protect the aircrew.  I notice your CFI wears a flight suit.  The risk of a fire is still present, hence why the Army still continues to foot the bill for much more expensive nomex vs just plain uniforms.  I would also encourage you to re-think your flight attire.  I speak as not only a former aviator but also as a former safety officer and an Army Flight Surgeon.  I won’t wish you good luck with your training, checkride or flying as it has nothing to do with luck.  It has everything to do with knowledge, experience and most of all discipline.  kd
hahahahahhaaaaaaa
We love all branches of the military 🇺🇸🙏💙
Good for you man and thank you for sharing this
Back in 2005 I got some time in a full motion sim for a ATR42 in Huston TX. We used this for A&P training purposes. A fun time, taking off was easy and landing resulted in a dirt nap.
How do I get a hat or shirt
So jealous, I haven't flown a blackhawk in 2 years. I miss flying, maybe I can win the lottery and get my own helo.
Absolutely awesome information and I can't wait to see what's next with the Blackhawk!
Awesome watching this project!   Fun fact…the original Schweizer company was located in my backyard!
Great educational video. I’m about to take my check ride in a couple of weeks😬🤞
Casa d'Italia in the United Kingdom sounds amazing but looks quite expensive.
No worries you got this. Can’t wait to see you an the Blackhawk in action 🚁 sorry it’s red. Someone should tell apple we need a Blackhawk emoji 😂
Chinooks all the way next step heavy d ;) 15u Chinook mechanic
Kind of kewl how they dug you out after the initial auto-rotate. Persevere....!
Very interesting!
Let me know if you need a door gunner.
as always heavy d great video i would love to do what you do but there is no way anyone would let me fly a heli but well explained and it well looked good hope your flying on your own soon much respect from the UK
My father spent a considerable part of his career flying helicopters in the USN.  He started in the mid-fifties and retired in 1975.  In the end he accumulated almost 7000 hours flying time.  In that time he lost 5 friends to aviation accidents, all flying helicopters.  Please do no take this lightly and understand you will never have the training the average military pilot receives.
This helicopter is gonna bite you in the butt.  Military aircraft are designed to milk money from the government.  You aren't in that league.  Its better to fly a civilian designed aircraft. You'll learn the hard way.
I would warn against buying your own plane until you have atleast learned about all the maintenance and stuff that goes into it.
This is epic.  The general public doesn't understand the rigor that goes into becoming a pilot of anything.
I learnt to fl a blackhawk in a game sim.. It wasnt easy a first but i know now i could easy get in a real blackhawk and fly it just like the real thing and not crash. its just second nature now. easy as..
If you were a illegal immigrant they’d mail you one without asking.  Democrats love Americans…..psh
Where did you get all your money
I wish I could buy a helicopter and fly it  Although it would probably be impossible because the only helicopter i would want is a bell 47/bell h-13 Sioux
Easy enough. Sound like a CDL. Purchasing Blackhawk now. Thanks!
Hiya Dave
I thought you were associated somehow with the Utah national guard or something like that
Dave I couldn't agree more with regard to your attitude to aviation.  I acquired a private fixed-wing license here in Australia in the mid 1970's and although I never attained a career in aviation due to family and financial constraints I did complete theoretical studies to commercial standard in the 80's. I amassed much of my relatively brief flight time of around 370 hours bush flying because I loved the challenge provided by diverse operational conditions. I also obtained a multi-engine fixed wing rating and completed initial rotary wing theory and a few hours training in an R22 just for the sheer joy of it. Sadly I no longer fly due to loss of hearing in one ear but my love of flying, will never, diminish.
Another interesting video Dave I can't wait to see the next one about the Black Hawk
The greatest thing I can say is Jesus, God bless
Hey Dave, why do you not have the rating to fly you own airplane?
Sounds awesome go for it
Sounds pretty complicated I've always wanted my own helicopter but I still save McDonald Douglas, but I can't afford anything like that nowadays anyhow so God bless
This is awesome and don’t see this very much on YouTube I’m in the national guard my self and I’m a 15B which is a aircraft power plant repairer this is great content of the Blackhawk.
We had a few different sim systems for ground combat vehicles, I spent most of my sim time in the Bradley UCOFT and BATS simulators.  There was also a networked sim facility where it would allow for unit maneuver training.  Never did any time in that sim.  All of my time was the gunnery simulator. Really good training systems, gave you everything except the vehicle motion.
Respect to all men in uniform for their sacrifice for freedom.
why not get you're commercial rating, surely you have enough hours.
You inspire me to get my helicopter license and my fixed wing license what I think maybnot have been achievable makes me wanna try harder my grandfather is the biggest inspiration of my life and he has had both and I wanna be able to achieve one of them befor he isn't here any more and I'm gonna try an figure out how to do whatever it takes because I want to fly him around 1 time atleast
Good video very informative
This guy may be one the most effective recruiters for the military I have ever seen.
If you join the National Guard you still got to go to boot camp Sissy
Thanks for sharing your life with us 🇺🇸
Lol. “passed the oral”. Good one
Yes, it's running on Windows 2000.
Aircraft can be cheap yes, but fuel isn't.
If you join especially the Army National Guard get what you want in your contract!!! Wish someone would have told me that I couldn’t go to airborne and air assault without a ton of hoops and could have if it was in my contract
I'm sorry I play a game that I get paid to play the game
That must be what the Democrats are playing in world war
Good luck heavyd! I’m sure you’ll pass with FLYING colors
19:00 in other words he has a shit load of money 😂
Thanks for the crazy buy one get one free McDonald's receipt
Heavy D you are a really cool guy man and I'm glad you're going through all this training as you I know you'll do all this to do it right don't you ever give up if you do I'll quit watching your Channel well maybe anyway guy you just keep on keeping on do a good job I can't wait to see you flying that Blackhawk man that is going to make your Channel and it's going to satisfy me with what I think about your channel man and everything you do you hang in there and do it buddy go for it man thanks for the videos they're fan dad gum tastic
You should open a flight school. I’d definitely attend.
Soo... What color is the BH gonna be?
Hold on you can't fly this for business? I thought you said in the beginning this was going to be used for your removal business or whatever. I thought that's what it was going to be used for.. So it's just for fun?
I've always wanted to get my private pilots license. But as you know, it's VERY expensive and hard to maintain if you don't have your our aircraft. Sadly, as I get old, I'll probably never get it.
Being a gaurd solider and a full time technician...i have never really had a huge desire to fly but wokring on the air craft is great thing seeing you show so much love for what some one like me does
Awesome
That's one hell of a machine. I'm glad you have to go through so much training, so you'll become proficient with the machine. Taliban just lost a Blackhawk because they didn't have the training.
Search black hawk news blooper if you want a good laugh.
Dude I'm not kidding you veterans getting military surplus at 3 cents on the dollar grab yourself a vet go buy yourself a brand new Blackhawk for about 20 grand you're in
hi
Irene, I say again, Irene.
Yeah the navy taught me to work on jet engines a completely different way. We played a game called “what is this” where a more knowledgeable guy would ask me what a part was. Once I got good at that we moved on to “what does this do” once I got good at that we moved on to “how would I know this was broken”. Took a little bit but it worked.
in the airline world we call the full motion sims the torture chambers. In yearly training they throw anything and every thing at you and you have to deal with it! Awesome video.
Mistakes, oh like leaving tools in the overhead console. Names withheld to protect the guilty: Heard about this happening from a friend.
You probably already know this, but I highly recommend getting your commercial and instrument rating anyway. Also, I would seriously consider doing an S-70 initial course at FlightSafety in West Palm Beach. You will become a much more proficient pilot, and you’ll save a ton on your insurance also! Good luck with your training and aircraft!
No commercials on YouTube!
This is very interesting Dave I wanted to become a private pilot but want fixed wing. Now I moved out of the US and live in the Philippines here you need to have college before you can start training but you need college here to do anything. If I didn't need college the cost is way cheaper and I can rent a plane here for about $200 a day I didn't see any helicopter program here.
Please DON'T GIVE UP OR LOOSE INTREST.
Great. Information. I learned on a fh1100  I haven't flown in years but I don't regret spending the money.
You need to be a millionaire or extremely well off basically
Spent 20+ years in the AZ guard. The WAATS used to be even better until McGuire and Douchey sold off the Apache training. Huge loss for AZ
Not sure what's more heartbreaking, heavy not passing his test or my chargers getting robbed by the nfl ...
I used to work at Fort Bragg NC with a retired Army CWO and we both maintained all the night vision devices for all units on post and years later after the contract expired I got a letter from him, he got a job as a pilot for a power company and his main job was to assist in maintenance by flying employees up to the high voltage wires on these huge towers they had and he would also use some special type of saw that hung down from the bottom of the helo and it would trim all of the branches on trees that could interfere with the path of the power lines. Very cool job, I'm sure he's fully retired buy now he's like 70.
I was the manager for all Army National Guard Aviation Simulators, to include the one you were in at WAATS. I worked at the National Guard Bureau. What is interesting is those full motion simulators are on their way out…too expensive and they lag behind aircraft model updates and changes.  They are being replaced with the Blackhawk Aircrew Trainer (BAT), which is a stationary simulator that uses aural, visual, and proprioceptive (moving seats) cuing to simulate flying. Much easier to update and cheaper to operate.
5:47 - V tail bonanza, would not be my choice of aircraft. they get the name "doctor killer" for a good reason.
I was a crew cheif that started on OH58A then went to OH58C and was among the first units to get the OH58D... So I have lots of seat time in Bell Jet Rangers...lol love them
I want to know why you scam me on FB on posts lol?
I have alot of respect for your drive towards life and your goals. Jealous of your self-esteem and confidence. Thanks for sharing your journey
AZ native, never heard of the WAATS facility. Pretty cool, especially that they let you have a look around
With the type rating you are getting, can you use the blackhawk for any future recoveries? Whether its transporting equipment etc? Just curious
You should hire 3-4 veterans/ blackhawk mechanics to be your regular maintenance crew for that thing,.. you'll need it😉. Good info on getting a private pilot's license. One day (when I have time) I'd lIke to get mine. Great vid.
See my painting of a Pave Hawk!
Great video and information.  If the music could have been squelched during any talking, that would have helped greatly.
Can you install angle flairs.
Way different than a Robinson lol
Well done... I got my PPL, a few years after flying gliders...  it was more or less free as I was in the Royal Air Force at the time.
Wow, My first helicopter lesson was in a Robinson 22, it was horrible ! So I then flew the Schweizer S300 which was more powerful and a much better helicopter to fly !
You didn't show everything involved with learning how to fly a Blackhawk from the military side. You should have pointed out that joining the NG is only the beginning. Students in the NG first have to complete basic training, then warrant officer school, and then flight training. It's a long arduous process.
Your commitment is epic! I am only certified to fly paper airplanes. When I was a child I wanted to fly helicopters, but I never pursued that idea. I also never figured out how to create or fly paper helicopters, but I had a lot of fun flying my wooden "Puddle Jumper".
I've heard of Horror stories that guys with private license getting into hot water because they are using a monetize content on there channel.  Dose this effect you at all?  It's kinda like if I buy a tractor trailer and as long as I use it privately no cdl is needed.  But soon as I use for business purposes like hauling materials for building my new warehouse I would fall into commercial and need a cdl.
This is unbelievable. I didn't know people could buy retired military aircraft. How much was this thing? 2 Million?
Hi heavy d we ordered a powerbox from you and never received it
Ok Blackhawk landing at the Freedom Factory will be so cool when you do it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Many Blessings praying for your safety as you proceed through your training. 🕊️🙏🥰✝️
ChiefHeavyD!
Thank you brother. HOOAH
R 22 used 150k. R44 used 400k Forget about a Bell their over a million. BTW these are prices are for very high hour machines will need a ton of work.$$$
mind blowing!!
17:47 that's weird... FAR: "61.31 Type rating requirements, additional training, and authorization requirements."  outlines that you only require an instructor endorsement to get a type rating.  You don't need to do an oral or practical exam for just a type rating.  Maybe JT can't sign you off for some reason?  Sections relevant -  I guess you're falling under section (2) subsection (ii) for your specific needs...  But just so you know you don't need to do a practical test if the instructor can sign you off.  (f) Additional training required for operating high-performance airplanes.  (1) Except as provided in paragraph (f)(2) of this section, no person may act as pilot in command of a high-performance airplane (an airplane with an engine of more than 200 horsepower), unless the person has -  (i) Received and logged ground and flight training from an authorized instructor in a high-performance airplane, or in a full flight simulator or flight training device that is representative of a high-performance airplane, and has been found proficient in the operation and systems of the airplane; and  (ii) Received a one-time endorsement in the pilot's logbook from an authorized instructor who certifies the person is proficient to operate a high-performance airplane.  (2) The training and endorsement required by paragraph (f)(1) of this section is not required if -  (i) The person has logged flight time as pilot in command of a high-performance airplane, or in a full flight simulator or flight training device that is representative of a high-performance airplane prior to August 4, 1997; or  (ii) The person has received ground and flight training under an approved training program and has satisfactorily completed a competency check under § 135.293 of this chapter in a high performance airplane, or in a full flight simulator or flight training device that is representative of a high performance airplane which must be documented in the pilot's logbook or training  Also -  (h) Additional aircraft type-specific training. No person may serve as pilot in command of an aircraft that the Administrator has determined requires aircraft type-specific training unless that person has -  (1) Received and logged type-specific training in the aircraft, or in a full flight simulator or flight training device that is representative of that type of aircraft; and  (2) Received a logbook endorsement from an authorized instructor who has found the person proficient in the operation of the aircraft and its systems.
Someone got spolit! I assume you intend to get a commercial endorsement eventually, may as well. Are you going for a night rating now you have a night-rated helo? And mate, get a fixed-wing endorsement!
AWESOME  !!!!!! , love the new footage, Beardhawk !!!!
We always use to joke.  In order to operate Blackhawks you either need to be a government, or a sheik.
Yeah be warned about joining the National Guard because at any moment they can activate you to be Regular Army and deployed for up to a year in whatever God forsaken zone they deem necessary.
👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏
Thank you for sharing this content Awesome videos always Been a long time fan keep sharing and I enjoy it all of your content as does my family Stay blessed brother
So, I see you have an Epic.  Why did you choose it over the TBM?
Ha, honey looky  here Heavy D’s wife let him buy a black hawk helicopter ,  now about that small fish’n boat I’ve been wanting 🤣👊🏼👍
I'm a civilian contractor maintainer at Ft. RUCKER.  You should see if you can come to Alabama and take a tour there since it's the home of army aviation.
I’ll tell you one thing, every single air guardsman is jealous seeing you fly in a tank top. Haha
I don’t know jack about flying, but I am enjoying the heck out of this !     Fantastic content from a real guy going through the process. 👍🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
you need to take a break   and get less full of yourself
Best of luck to you on your pilot training brother.  I know with enough studying and training and practicing you will ace these tests like easy as pie.
Excellent video. I am impressed !!!!.This is a good example that you presented of what its like to learn the workings of a Blackhawk. and what you have to know in order to fly one. Not a walk in the park by any means but pure excitement when your the pilot.  I commend you for a the start of earning "Job well done".
Chasing life’s dreams heavyD great work
How much did you pay for the helicopter and how much was the overhaul?
I was a flightline KC-135 avionics mechanic in the Air Force and I had an opportunity to become engine run qualified.  To learn this we used we used a simulator similar to this to learn how to start the engines and run them on the ground for maintenance checks.  Once we were done with the lessons the instructor allowed us to take off and "fly" around.  It was really neat.
Years ago, I got to see the simulators at Flight Safety International, in Lakeland, FL.   Even got to go into the simulator cockpits, but didn't get to operate any of them.  Still an incredible experience to see the technology.
Wow, when I went through school in the Army to become a Crewchief man it would have been nice to have those simulators to practice working on the birds. I can't tell you how many times I was told great job looks perfect now do it again and again. I loved my entire 20+ year career in the Army and some of the best times were in the hangar or out with the guys on a mission those were priceless times. Enjoy the Blackhawk you can have fun for years to come with that bird.
Hey bro dont even sweat it wears theres  a will thers a way .plus if you got coin anythings possible  brother.
Interesting fact, the new Hummer weighs almost as much as a Blackhawk helicopter. Let that one sink in for a minute.
Keep at it.  Good luck
You can tell it's a simulator because it is too clean.  It probably doesn't have the authentic smell either.
awesome content. thanx
I love it keep it up you Can do it  prayers are with you to help you get it done the first time. I know you can do it if I could you can you are alot smarter than I am even though mine was in the Army you can do it first time my friend  prayers are with you
Great video brother !
ya maybe the sponsor of this video might make enough to pay you back that 35 dollar receipt you showed
WOW !! what A Most Interesting  Vlog ...........Bless You & Your Team !! ........... Peace
Not as expensive as Patriot Green !
“Do you want me to give ya a push start”!!!!🤣🤣🤣🤣
Dave I am glad you got your rotor craft rating my dad has been flying them for a long time he got fixed wing at age 14 and rotor craft at 18 and flew and owned ever since up last year private and commercial,  he would love to ride in your Blackhawk if possible we are just about 1hr south of Utah border. I did all my ground school and started the practical before I was injured in the Army. Dave if you are interested we have jet fuel also we need to get used or sold as we don't have any turbine anymore as dad had to retire but he still has all his ratings. Please give me a way to reach out to you
Vary awesome indeed. Keep up the great work. Okay.
If you make a video of you flying the helicopter and then make buckets of money from that video on YouTube, is that not commercial and you don't need a commercial license? If so, that's super cool that you can do that!
I see the military is doing all it can to try and get recruitment numbers up....
I just can't wait to win your helicopter & fet some lessons then!!
As we always said “ NG all the way!”
Very interesting!! Very well presented!!
Thanks for sharing
but dont it take 2 pilots to fly this helicopter? its not a single pilot helicopter? now is it?
Ill download the game. Thats awsome youre getting help to get that bird flying
Just a temporary speed bump!!
That would be so cool to go through that maintenance and flight training. So much life out there many don’t know exist. Thanks for showing us.
Great video  Glad you stopped the give way crap  Nice but boring
You're doing a great job
Never got my stuff from the power boxs
😍😶‍🌫👀🖖
But u r gna fly for business? No?
Can't wait for the arrival of the new Blackhawk. Fans from Malaysia 😁😁😁
Glad, a black hawk pilot lic. Is a badge....of honor,  not a cracker Jack box pin. Oh look I'm rich, I want to act like I served the country. Make me me me a black hawk pilot...please please....pay the dues....,
This is an awesome series, currently a student pilot for fixed wing. Give us all the aviation content you got!
You are living the dream that I've had since early adulthood, love to see someone doing it, I should hopefully get there in a decade or so. Cheers for the content from Aus.
This is awesome. Thank you for the video.
Awesome vid, and yes, it is a beast to maintain and up keep. LOTS of work and upkeep on these babies.  Been there done that on the wiring and Avionics side. Working on them for a long time. Keep on keeping on gang.
Next up you need a Kaman Kmax 😁👏🏼👏🏼
Im loving these videos bro!
You never cease to amaze me with your helicopters. I’ve never wanted to fly them I just enjoy riding in them. Actually love it ♥️
I don't think we ever got one on the ships I was on we used seahawks and smaller heli's.  That thing is a beast to be sure.  I love the sound of a Blackhawk and yes they do have their own sounds if you can hear jimmy.
Hii Big D 👩
Serious stuff indeed  Industry within the forces is huge,and a opportunity for the young to start a career  Do hope that your team are being schooled up on things as there is lots to know with supporting you . Who is going to be the back up pilot ?
Robinson to train is a death trap. Lol. I wouldn't even get in one unless they were very experienced.
Hands down excellent vlog .that being said Dave you would be a great military recruiter!!!!!
Anyone who is watching the video, please go and check out the game, is fucking awesome.
Awesome video. Good luck in your final phases. I had the opportunity to fly in an Apache simulator many years it's not as easy as many think. The flight didn't go well but it was fun.  🤪
As a former H-60 and current Lakota guy, this is a great vid! It's cool to follow the journey.
fuel cost
What is the protocol for checking chips on the rotors? does the leading edge have a certain amount per inch allowable?
Helipad at Cerro Gordo when?
Very awesome that you are doing this. Good luck with your dreams!!
Been to WAATS flying them sims.  Great Memories!   Good idea getting the Guard to sponsor your video!   Flying the box is what we would say when we had to go fly the simulators.  Very valuable time.  I am pretty sure you get to log simulator time in those simulators.
Gotta buy your freedoms.
Seems like you would need need a commercial license also since the helicopter is used to make money off YouTube videos.
looks like they are running windows 98 on the simulator. lol
WATTS looks like the TopGun of training schools. I loved the video. Looking forward to your next video.
That is some valuable training, I've been a technician for more than 30 years. That simulator is veeery valuable.
Whats funny I'd there's all this training for a helicopter and anyone who has 20k can go buy a motorcycle with 200hp without anything
will be a money pit !!!  give up on it !!!
Cool video, thanks for taking us along.  Can't wait for the next episode.   Jayman...
Good to see you again.
I went a few times to local afb in middle school to fly a simulator
If he was more interested in airplanes he probably would’ve gotten a fighter jet
So freaking cool. My biggest dream was to fly a helicopter. Since I have a spinal injury flying for a long time in one wouldn't probably be goid. Lol.
Diesel Dave looks like the Liver King
How do you get all this military stuff
Nice!
this was very interesting. thanks for the information.
too bad you don't have an Airwolf, you could name your copter that but it really isn't as cool...
you can use the black hawk for recovery for instance the car you pulled out of that canyon that the lady was stuck in for a week or whatever it was, ya know the shitmobile.
That was the greatest thank you for sharing really enjoyed it.
Please keep doing these black hawk videos! I'm currently on the path to becoming an A&P and I really want to see what possibilities there are for maintainers and pilots in aviation!
My son works as a maintiner at that facity. you may have run into him while you were there
Those three dudes in Afghanistan sure could have used some training. LoL
My name is barley  barely computer literate  I never thought I would say I'm computer challenged old guy but there it is .my tech game is pathetic 8 to 10 year old computer  and smart phone essentially Obsolete with non of the programs that are necessary to operate more than just emails and engaging in  social media . TMI oh well ......
I did the same thing with taking a intro flight and fell in love with it. Wanted to be a pilot in the military but they weren't taking pilots at that point. Still working on coming up with the money to afford it.
👍 👍 👍 👍
Love your content. Keep it going!
You’re a good man brother. I’m a ‘Nam Vet. Huey’s were my game. Good bless you.
Awesome, hope you get your rating soon. Looking forward to videos in your Blackhawk. 100% support to the military, any branch. I have never been in the military but I worked for 36 in aerospace support military vehicles including the M1 Abrams, C130, C5 Galaxy, C141, Vehicles using T800 engines and civilian aircraft plus building electric motors used in wind tunnel testing. Did my best to support the folks in uniform.
You don’t have to have a commercial license for some firefighting companies. I work with a pilot who was a cal fire pilot who didn’t get his commercial till later since the plane was classified differently.
Back in the early 80s getting a chopper pilot license was $5000,It’s nice but once you get your license to rent them is five $600 an hour this  was 10 years ago
so you aced the oral exam, i bet that instructor was happy hahahaha sorry buddy had to.
I’m glad that you have the means Heavy D 😐 not all of us are as fortunate! I’m 51, got 30 years in a union operating Heavy Equipment and 25+ as a volunteer firefighter! I’ve worked all my life & lol have a house 2 Belgian Milano’s & a Hellcat Redeye to show for ! Wish I had a few million to play with! I’d take care of my 4 daughters better than I do now ✌🏻
Its almost like the us needs more pilots.
My husband was an aircraft structural repairman for blackhawks in the army up here in ny at  ft drum. This was pretty cool to see
Great content thanks for sharing
U can do it.
Well,,a long time ago I did want to get my pilots lisence. At 62, I dont know.Does your friends flight school have any portion of its program on line? Back here in NC  my current challenge refinishing tthe back porch and getting a small greenhouse set up before the weather turns so I can get my plants inside... HEY HD, you can do it. Take care.......
I can't even drive again in Illinois. Any suggestions?
Good stuff Heavy D
Absolutely sick!
One note my first flight instructor gave me, and I offer it to you as well…if you’re considering a career in aviation, get a first class medical right off the bat, not a third class. Nothing worse that finding out you won’t qualify for a first class after you invest thousands in training.
Imagine the day when you can use the Blackhawk to transport materials up the Alan's mountain compound!  That's a day I can't wait to see on this channel!!
That game is a very bad idea even thoe it's just a game.
What a Blessing ..  Blue Sky’s...  Hard Work Does Pay Off..
You give me a case a beer, 2 joints and 3 hours in that flight simulator and Ill fly that baby as good as the best in the world.
Very informative. Good details. Can't wait to see you fly the Black Hawk as a pilot.
Recovery videos when? Feels like ages since the last one.
I really appreciate your updates and down to earth comments about your Blackhawk experience. Wow, it is a big challenge you have taken on, but it will be worth every bit of sweat and expense when you are done! Love your channel, I can hardly wait to see what new challenge or project you take on next!
Best of luck on your helicopter license Sparky Dave. A Blackhawk nice.
Awesome HD《☆》Army Strong👍🍺🍕Your path to being a Blackhawk pilot is quite admirable🖖😎☮
Impressed by heavyD every time this dude does anything. Honestly never thought I’d be a fan but here we are
I could not imagine private ownership of a Hawk!!! I spent over 25 years working and flying on those and let me tell you, they ain't cheap!!! Might the most rugged helicopter ever built but certainly not cheap.
Who are you kidding sparks, we all know you'll be bored and go get your fire fighting rating and S&R so you can use that thing to do helpful stuff.
Now only if mr.Putin would have downloaded this game on his phone everything would be all right in the world LOL
Sparks gets fined for rolling coal and polluting.  He says hold my beer and buys a Blackhawk that burns 120 gallons per hour…
This was awesome to watch! Thanks for sharing!
Good show
Soo cool Dave,congratulations to you and your achievements  Sky’s the limit to you
If you UH-60 wasn't crippled it's IFR capable.   IIMC kills a lot of helo pilots.
My local supermarket has high schoolers who bag groceries and take them to your car. I ask the young man how much longer he has and he said he graduates this year. I asked him if he has plans. He said he wants to be a helicopter (civilian) pilot. I get home and put up the groceries and find this video. I downloaded the game and went back to the store. He looked you up and saved the video. I told him he has to land a helicopter in my yard and take me for a ride.
I thought Brandon’s giving those away. You should have asked…
Once you get familiar with the systems Blackhawks are very easy to fly especially IFR. An SK70 rating is a nice add on. Folks wanting to learn to fly helo’s should probably start with fixed wing. Fixed wing is much cheaper and then transition to helicopters. Fly Army Enjoying the channel. Tks for sharing.
I’d be careful about the idea that you can load up your guys and go work on a project while utilizing your helos to get paid…even just via YouTube.  If you use your ticket “in commerce”, you need a commercial cert.
Whata neusence i get you need pẻmit tion
A real honor to be invited into an academy like that. You won't  pass easy but when you finally fly by yourself or with your family you will understand why all the time and effort. God speed and best of luck.
But you can’t drive a Crown Vic, just kidding hahah. This is amazing and awesome. I can only imagine the content that comes from this. I bet Brent is going to benefit from this.
I worked there at scs in Alabama,  in 30 years ive rebuilt structurally soooò mant of them
You really have a good plan!
I started flying fixed wind aircraft when I was 14 years old and by the age of 19 I received my instrument rating and by the age of 21 I received my commercial pilots license and I did it all out of pocket little by little.  I ended up getting my rotorcraft endorsement 3 years later.  I always wanted to own a UH-1 but I did not want a aircraft in the restricted class.  I eventually I purchased a 205A-1 which is the closest thing to a huey.
love this series on the blackhawk. cant get enough. cant wait til you get it home
I’m jealous of your great motivation to be a helicopter pilot. I’ve always wanted to be a helicopter pilot, I tried for the US Army in 1982 and was told they were not looking for pilots at the time, so I became a police officer with a police department that had a helicopter unit. I finally made it in the helicopter unit but only as an observer which I loved and the pilots gave me stick time, but I could not log since it was classified as bootleg time. The helicopters were AS350’s (grey blade). Unfortunately they never had a pilot opening in the four years assigned to the unit. I left the unit because I got promoted to Sergeant. I still miss it. Enjoy and fly safe, I love your video’s.
"conflict of nations..."  really?  if I could destroy it, permanently, I would.
So cool🤘🤘🤘🤘🤘🤘🚁🛩
fly it anyway
You know you have some money in the bank when you wake up one morning and think to yourself: I'm gonna buy a Blackhawk today.
You have to be an exceptionally intelligent and driven individual. Congratulations to you sir on achieving your dreams.
HA!  That's awesome!  My dad was at the WAATS for like 20 years!
LMAO, Hans, ya know you're prob exactly right. And I must say if anyone in the private sector could build one or would be y'all. Seriously tho, all of you are total ROCK STARS!
In 2002 I was in Afghanistan. A NG unit was there. Saw a pilot that was a W5 and flew in Vietnam. He was pretty much god. I’ve seen 160 SOAR do amazing things with blackhawks.
Where the f..k do you get the money to buy and learn and maintain this thing?
Another really awesome video, and the most important thing is that I almost understand all you say😁 Cheers from an italian bus driver keen on english language and military aviation and motors and bikes and so on..😅🤣
I watch you when I can,and I hope you pass the test, my prayers are going out to you, have a great day.
I congratulate this dude for this endeavor, but as  after 23 years in the world of military rotor wing aircraft I think he has bit off more than he can chew as far as maintenance and upkeep cost. I don't think that unless he leases the bird out he will be able to afford it for very long. I do wish him best of luck though.
donate it to ukraine
@0:22 one of those receipts has the track listing to the Vices and Virtues album, and that's awesome.
I Can't  Even Imagine Doing  That, That's  NEXT LEVEL NEXT LEVEL × 3 Or 5 or Something WOW IT JUST DON'T MATTER How Much Money You've Made Inheriteded or Anything like That You've  GOT TO BE REALLY TRULY  SMART, Not Just A Smart A, like Some  Are, & That's  Not YOU AT ALL, I'VE Watched You Way to Much To Ever Think That, & I'm Turley Impressed, By You & Anyone Who Can Learn & Keep Track of All The Things You Have  To  To Be Able To Keep You & Everyone Anywhere  Around You Safe & ALIVE What A MASSIVE  ACHIEVEMENT, So The ULTIMATE  CONGRATS  TO YOU For Doing & Being  Able To Do That,This SHOULD BE A COMPLETE  NEW LEVEL  OF RESPECT  TO & FOR YOU & IT IS FROM ME FOR SURE,  NO QUESTION
I was in the Air Force 1972-1982, Loved it
So I guess the question is......    What are you going to use it for ??
You got this Sparks!🦅🇺🇸
im so exited for this
Cool video good luck to you
I have been home with Covid and honestly say I have been hooked on your channel you guys are doing such a great job I love your channel keep up the good work
2002 ROBINSON R44 119,500 CHESAPEAKE VA DONT KNOW IF YOUR INTERESTED
@heavyd I sent you an email…. Really need my issue resolved.
It took me 8 months to get my fixed wing ppl. Considering transitioning to rotor, you went from zero to rotorcraft in 2 weeks. That is amazing
That’s nuts!
Great episode!
Did you find the FIRE MISSILES button?😂
Sir its a amazing video u r rockstar sir keep it up 🌲🌲🌲🌲🌲🌲🌲🌲🌲🌲🌲🌲👌👏🌲
Wow word wow….so glad you posted that update..I too seen in a news paper  ad learn to fly for 10 dollars …so I went to the local  small airport where the instructor took me up in a fix wing plane  and, even let me land  with his guidance on  the first day ..pretty cool …I never followed up since I had no money to even buy the headgear at 18 yrs of age  back then ….I also wanted to be able to fly-in to fish at some of my  fishing holes 6 hrs away in Michigan  .So I’m living through your journey that  is  so  awesome ..good stuff men YOU ARE CLEARED  TO GO MY FRIEND
The things you are eventually going to do with your Black Hawk will be awesome.
Fort Rucker Alabama has many different types of military helicopters that pilots train with.
Chemtrails are my favorite
This is probably my favorite video you have done to date. I enjoyed the information and what goes into things, and the military training
I am 70 years old and a retired USAF Master Sargent---I love ALL of your videos and wish I was younger so I can join your crew---I am sure your parents are proud of you because I am !!!
That'll be cool to watch.
That's cool.
Let me know when you get you sweep wing jet engine endorsement. Cause I was a b1-b crew chief. In hind sight I should have gone warrant officer in the army and got all the endorsements and hours then left the military to do medivac flight
Get you fixed wing license! Kind of crazy too own a sweet turboprop without being able to fly it!
Hell yea, Brother!  Sparks WILL pass!  Can't wait to see the successes
As cleet would say hell yea brother
Very impressive 👍💯👍💯
That training site is like 10 miles from my house !!! That’s crazy
I would be interested to see how many 0's there are on your final bill. ;)
Our nugget pilots sometimes forgot to lock the tail wheel when engaging the rotor. Us ground crew would spot it. You probably will not have a ground crew. Or they did not disengage the tail wheel lock when trying to taxi  and broke the pin.
"I'm disappointed." "Why?" "You haven't done a single flip"  My uncle flew helicopters in Desert Storm, and he said his instructor was a hotshot. One day the instructor was showing off and actually did a backflip in a helicopter. My uncle said it was a well executed backflip, and he would have been fine except that he tried for a double and didn't have quite enough altitude. I forget if he said the guy survived or not.
YOUR NOT allowed to work on your helicopter or any aircraft ! Unless your have an A&P license and then your work needs to be singed off by an AI! you work on it you’ll have a shit storm come down on you
Avionics and flying with GPS . Cool
i fly dcs in vr an love we have the blackhawk huey gazelle hind we have a big following that flies as well you guys should check it out
I just realized you remind me of Willy from Duck dynasty!
Wow great video I now have more respect for anyone who is a helicopter pilot especially the Blackhawk thank you for showing us what it takes to become a pilot 🇺🇸
If you wanna make money off the heli, travel the country going drop zone to drop zone and dump skydivers ALL summer long. You’d make so much. It’s a way bigger market than you’d ever imagine
Boring
Awesome 😎 can’t wait more footage black hawk. Your plane are ya planing getting certified fly your plane eventually?
Auto rotation,  Instrument flight flying, Visual Flight flying , And all the pre flight checks on the air craft .
Hahahahahah.  McDonald’s receipt.    Hahahahahahahah
Nice video. I have 4,500 in multiple USAF helicopters…aircraft commander, instructor & evaluation pilot. There is a benefit to going a little slower to better absorb each sortie’s experience.
Don’t know this man but he sets his goals and goes after them god bless
I have my fix wing…I just started my rotor wing training add on several days ago.  I’m very excited!
You should maybe try coming down and talking to pilots at Fort Rucker Alabama .
Gratz on this BH endeavor
I appreciate you so much as a person and family man.  You Rock! Take Care!
Hey Dave Sparks, love your show, but could you talk less, a lot less.  Please.  Thanks.
Congratulations . Army Veteran Alabama
Mad respect for you!🙌
Great video
I don’t know about you guys, but my H160 and my A320 are just parked on my street….out front, and they’re gun metal black.      Yeah I’m supper jelly. Wicked stuff man.
You didn't mention that most companies will not hire a helicopter pilot without at least 500 to 1200 hours.  Once you get private most people become instructors to gain hours.  Insurance companies are the biggest hurdle for low time pilots at least when I was looking into it in the late 90's.   What does it cost to insure a private pilot blackhawk?  I don't know how many hours you have but most people can't buy a helicopter to gain hours.  Really cool tho.
Well done. Engrossed in these videos
No way you will not succeed and kick this chopper's azz.  Best of luck and can't wait for the vids/rescues/etc.
What I've learned from flight simulators; taking off and flying is relatively easy.  Successfully landing is the tricky part😉
Thanks for the vid mate.  It’s great to see you are living out your dream and showing us thank you. Allan
This is pretty cool.
Why. Your going to be a "private" pilot with a BH. rating. Just employ a young eager commercial pilot to do your lift jobs. You can't even fly to the job technically but I am sure you will
Anything worth getting will be worth it
Good commercial
That’s a McD’s receipt for a chocolate shake! Good choice btw!
therapy is expensive, so is aviation. One makes me smile more though lol
There are probably a few dozen of the full motion sims out there. Last I was told they go for 20-30 Million a piece. I fortunately had friend who dad designed and built them. It is a wild experience to use one and as close as you get. BTW the projects for the screen are 300,000 alone. What they don't show is the massive room for the computers that run these. These numbers were a decade ago I am sure they have only gone up.
That day with the training school is probably going to become one of the most valuable days of your flying life!! If I was a helicopter pilot I would be crying about now because I hadn't got that chance too 🤣 Really cool 👍👍👍👍👍
good luck ♥♥♥
I was in the 101st in 1982-1986. We still used Huey’s as the Blackhawk was new. But in 1983 when I was sent to Honduras for 6 months I got a lot of time riding in them. The pilots were amazing flying at night fast hugging the mountains at night. They would clip the tree tops sometimes. It is a badass machine
I'd get a p51 mustang first 😆
So i stop the video at 0:50 to look at the bill i was very disappointed 😂😂 i bet you enjoyed that Dave😂
I got my A&P license in high school along with my private ticket. But never used it there is just too much government BS Civil aviation is not what it used to be the expense is awful too now days .
I'm willing to bet you could recruit a 60L IP from your comments to help you get going and get you all the Rucker gouge. Theres lots of good student Google drives out there. Just saying man, id throw it out on social media in some form. -CH-53E instructor
“After you get your private pilot from there you can become military pilot” 😆 😂 yeah that’s not correct lol..
I guess you're not LDS anymore
This blows my hair back. I've been in the Army since 1999. I'm still serving. I've been a Tango my whole career. I've never would have thought in a million years I would see someone who actually could afford buying 2400lbs of fuel every 1.6(ish) hrs of flying. How do you afford to keep up with the scheduled maintenance (-18)? You need a A&P mechanic lol?
I live in Kentucky In Montgomery county
Cant wait! Glad youre letting us tag along brother!
Wow! What an Amazing opportunity as a civilian to get to see the inside of the flight simulator not mention being taught things as well while you are in it. I am rooting for you HeavyD to pass all the things you need to inorder to become a Blackhawk helicopter pilot.  Stay Happy 😂 Safe and Healthy Everyone 💞
All I can say is those trainers are some cool ass,  bad ass mother truckers.
It starts with a million to own that beautiful aircraft
Theres probably already a class going on in Afghanistan using this is as course material for their new stock lmao
Very cool..love the videos..good luck with Checkride!!
I wish I had 20 or 40 thousand dollars I'd get my wife new knees since insurance says she's to young. I guess you don't walk and be in constant pain
What did the instructors say when they learned you own a military Blackhawk? must have been a WTF? moment...
You will get it heavey d it's in your blood God bless an good luck man
RPG comin at cha! maybe not at your place, but the world is changing....
,k.lei
Former UH-60A/L/M mechanic, crew chief, and TI. They are not cheap by ANY means. Oil, 23699, is like $7/qt. An engine is about a million dollars. Each blade is between $150,00-$250,000.
0:22 buying parts for your black hawk at Walmart 🤣🤣
You have amazing accomplishments and your not slowing down....kudo's for sure!
Restoring aircraft is expensive and time consuming. You'll see projects take years, sometimes decades just to be display only aircraft. The FAA doesn't play around with airworthiness lol.
Dang Mr. Sparks... I was wondering what you look like without that beard and mustache... and there it is (clip 2:57 and pause)
appreciate the sponsor, don't like the commercials and do you have time to play couch potato that sits around playing video games? Yeah, $80,000. I had to join the Navy and become a Naval Aviation Technician and join a helicopter squadron to be around Helo's. still waiting to learn to fly...I'm only 60 yrs old, when I grow up I hope to do it.
If you are using it  and its being featured on your YouTube channel  isn't that classes as commercial?
AWSOME
Taliban watching this with intent after their latest attempt at flying one
Question  If you are a private pilot BUT have a YouTube channel that makes $$$….are you now “ breaking any laws“?  I know for drones I have to be part 107 for ANY video I put on YouTube
Those of us that have a rotary-wing rating :  “You’re telling us this again for what reason?”  Those that don’t have a rotary-wing rating :  “Helicopters are just ten thousand parts moving in the wrong direction.”
Congratulations Dave. What an Awesome opportunity to have your own Blackhawk. Happy for you man 👏👏👏
True, a small plane might be relatively inexpensive, but the annual inspections can potentially be expensive between paying for the IA and parts.  As a former UH-60A/L MTP, this process of certifying the helicopter and you getting qualified as a civilian, is a very intriguing process. That MMU is going to spoil you. This definitely brings back fun memories in the ‘60. Thank you for sharing.
The Beltway Bandits Mat 👍🪘
18:49, The only thing different, between you and them is CASH, lol!
I understand your life of hilos, but I don't understand not getting your ratings to fly your epic.  What gives?
5% blackhawk 95% I'm so great I'm the best pilot ever.  I am rich.
I was a crew chief in a UH-1D and I always wanted to get my civilian license to fly helicopters when I got out of the service for the same reasons You wanted to do.. Medical air, taxi service, or what have You, a hundred applications that ran through my head I wanted to do.. But..... Money was a problem, I just couldn't save enough to do it.. I was 22 when I got out of the army and ended up playing music for a career.. I'm 78 now and retired but I still have that longing for flight.. I've been up in civilian choppers a few times since 67' when I left the service and I suppose I'll never stop loving it.. Maybe in the next life, if there is a next life for me, I'll be able to accomplish my dream.. It would have been nice to be able to fly to each music venue I had scheduled to play in this vast country instead of having to drive a loaded truck to them.. Dreams..?¡¡? Thank You for sharing this adventure with us.. LvYa...
This was really cool to see. I spent a summer working at WAATS back when I was in the guard and this was a walk down memory lane.
My FAA examiner was Floyd Hiser. Sadly he was killed fighting forest fires in California
Bro dead showed a McDonald’s receipt
love your videos man all of them keep it up
Hey man… awesome video. Finally something to explain to others my life. I live in Idahofalls ID and fly in the Gulf of Mexico to the oil rigs. I currently fly the AW139 which also requires the type rating  because it is over 12,500lbs. Spend a lot of time in those type of simulators. I started out in the Robison R22, flew the 44’s, 206, 407, S-76. I always get the question from others as too what it takes and what all I do. This helps others understand.(thank you). Hard to talk to others about my job because they don’t understand. Great footage. Love your videos. Would love to see your black hawk in person one day. Hugh 👍’s up. Good luck.
Conflict  of Nations is the greatest  RPG ever made  . ..thanks for telling  us about it. I don't think people understand  how awesome  that Game is. .. download it!!
Great  video! ... On another subject can we use that Conflict of nations to practice  landing on Martha's  Vineyards... (asking for a friend....  :) ).....
Thats awesome good luck with all of and God bless
Should have got your fixed wing license first, the helicopter is just an add on to your license would be cheaper
ballin
This Blackhawk journey is really cool!! Also, love Diesel Dave and Hans antics!
Have you given thought to a Huey sometime in the future? Thank you for the awesome videos.  When I was in tha 82nd ABN in the mid 80’s I did quite a few airmobiles in Blackhawks… awesome bird.
I worked with a couple companies srpraying timber with 206 b model jet rangers.  I really loved the job but me and the boss started buting heads so I left
Yard dart.  Earth Magnet.  Jart.  Crash Hawk...
Next up, "vehicle recovery using my Blackhawk"
Super!
I would stick to driving trucks. You cant drive so i wouldnt fly with you if someone paid me
At least you got the money and the aircraft, that’s gonna get you anywhere you want as long as you out the time in
God Blessed America 🚬💣👽💩🚲🎣🇺🇸
Always thought about flying for a living. But I don't have that kind of money to get my license.
The Talaban have some blackhawks   Thanks to mush brains
Not failure if you learn from it
It seems extremely complicated and you must be fully committed! Best of luck!
I went to an airbase in Tuscon. I flew in a multimillion dollar simulator aswell. It was for and A-10 warthog. Coolest video game and simulator ever.
Is this the definition of feeling myself😂
The brand new paint job looks bad ass man
Next time you guys are there at Waats, you should consider going North on the I-10 for about 25 miles and take the team to Sky Dive Arizona... world famous place. 🤙
Spoken like a true millionaire. All you have to do is just buy your own helicopter like they are a bag of skittles or something.
I fly R/C helicopters! Do you practice auto-rotations?
Love the Iron cross logo on the tailboom of your BO-105
Dude can talk 😴😴 and talk and talk lol in circles and don’t forget to throw some ads in 😅
Ho hum yawn zzzzzzzz frrrp scratch scratch
you guys are so awesome  keep up the good work guys god bless to you all and stay safe  we will always pray for you and your family  take care
We have a flying club here. They give lessons in their planes and it costs about the same as car driving lessons. I have thought about learning to fly.
I never thought the National Guard would need Cobra Helicopters. Transporters, such as the Blackhawk, of course. The only 2 posts(?) I've been near, have been ground based units.
Just Be Safe…. Small Steps
19:05 so you're not going to fly it in your business on rescue operations? Thought that was a big reason getting it :/
The extended car warranty scam was probably hans idea
Oh hell yeah! Just talked about y'all and the epic feat that you've taken on with said Baby to you after those bills .. bless it! Bless you all and the work you do 😘 much love and good vibes
Why haven’t you been typed for your own plane? You went so quick on the rotor licenses, it’s surprising. Great channel by the way. Wilson
What started my aviation algorithm was I watched a step by step video of how to start a helicopter .
Good luck Heavy D and God be with you brother ❤️🙏🇺🇸
Yo Huge shout out for FLT Academy. I'm doing my ground school there right now Jason is an awesome dude. He takes time to come check in on the students and just runs an amazing academy all around.
Man hearing that money flying around and knowing I don't even have enough money to feed my wife and I not to mention being able to pay my bills makes me feel even worse. It sucks being completely disabled and on oxygen 24-7. Never going to quit! I might not be able to eat or pay certain bills at times, but my wife will never go without! I just can't afford to give her a lavish life. At least she knows she's loved!
Young man out of Florida who was Air Force and Navy pilot reserve did pilot training for helicopters and put on YouTube. He has about 200,000 followers and is a author. Make them say no He emphasizes
Please keep encouraging people to learn to fly. You are right about buying the plane, when you own it you can learn faster because it’s waiting for you not you waiting for a schedule. I have been flying over 50 years and I tell everyone that will listen that their dreams of flying are never too late no matter your age.
Really enjoying the Blackhawk videos
Dude! Jiggin with Jordan got a new personal sub ! You should do a mission drop in with him!! I know you like vehicles of all sorts!!
So proud of you Heavy D! That's the first thing I thought of with the Black Hawk..... you rescuing the environment and helping people. I recently flew into SLC, flying over the Great Salt Lake. It reminded me of all the trash you and your team have removed from state. I can't wait to see the video of your first solo flight. Prayers and best wishes for you and yours. Greetings from SoCal  💚✌
I'm not even into helicopters but this video was very good. Good to see a man achieve his dream to fly that bird👍
Something tells me this is not going to end well Dave.. Sell it and move on for your family's sake. I am a spirit medium and i have been right before trust me.
Awesome video heavyd always wanted to become a helicopter pilot bit it's very cost prohibitive well maybe one day i've had some health challenges culminating in the loss of my right foot in January of this year but it's all good i have a prosthetic and I'm back walking and even driving can't wait for the rest of your blackhawck videos
Freaking awesome 👍.
It really is unfortunate that PPL(H) is so costly and once you get it, you have a LOONG way to go to be able to make money with it. Its kinda like a college degree!  (Can I get my 80 hours of PPL training forgiven??? LOL)
Amazing owning a Blackhawk but maintaining it will be expensive but maybe worth it.  When I used to fly decades ago, and even got to try a brazil nut transport (old converted B-17 and a Bolo) back in early 60's when those were still considered "old surplus" in S America.  I didn't have the urge to use rotorcraft but the rules must have loosened since I remember the FAA required fixed wing cert before rotorcraft to ensure basics are down.  Good that they updated the rules and a quick look at them wouldn't reveal the old rule.
Great video
You should have gone to the, Taliban School of Helicopter flying in Afghanistan, compliments of, General Judas Milley and Joe Biden.
Congrats HeavyD!!!! Loads of work to still go thru, but stay focused and study/practice hard, and it will all pay off. You are in the midst of every American boy's dream!!! Looking forward to the rest of these videos. Job well done, so far, keep it up bro!!! Till next video, stay strong!
People always saying the simulator is a bear. You do want to be a crack pilot on the choppers (no not the drugs)
I could watch a video about the Blackhawk every single day, if you released one.  I cannot wait to see you flying over my house in a few weeks in the Blackhawk!
My man cut out 50 weeks... wtf lol as a Young Eagle (I have flight logs etc) that never got their own wings... thank you so much for this information!
Any chance you are planning a little vacation time in Ukraine with your helicopter?
That was so heartfelt. A hard working man almost has him dream come true
I went to school 2 years on Avionics, learned alot on maintenance, I'm extremely impressed with this mission. Then the cost of becoming a heli pilot, and then the special heli licence, yesh! Training is insane. Good on you, with I could.
It's crazy for me that im my county the same steps have to be done for a driving licence hahaha the only difference is that you need minimum 20hours with an instructor.
Post when you are coming to Lexington to fly, I live 10 minutes from LEX and am retired so I will come out and watch your first test  flight.
I wonder if Tom Cruise has a BlackHawk license, probably not :)
Sparks, you made it look easy. But really the amount of knowledge required to get to this point is huge.  Congrats to you for getting it done..I can't wait to watch you flying around in your brand new to you Blackhawk..That's just too cool. My Nephew, who is really more like my Son. Went through private training and schools to first work on Helicopters and then to fly them .He became an instructor also. Then he joined the military and continued flying Helicopters. He will be coming home next month,,, [thank God,].from being down at our southern border in Texas for one year. He has been going out every day and night flying missions in a Blackhawk helicopter. It is pretty amazing to me what all the military is able to do with those beasts.I am just so so Proud of My Boy. Can't wait to see you SpudNutts. Be Safe.
I wonder if RECRUITMENT INCREASED after this video????
Nice Knowing ya.
Man at it again awesome videos some of the most amazing things I've seen keep them coming brother🤔🇺🇲
As much as I want to learn to fly helicopters, from what ive researched it doesnt appear to be a good hobby for an average single income dad of 4 lol.  Someday.
Dawns here 🌞I am a Retired Class A Driver for 30 years. Support our Veterans 🇺🇸
Pilot Yellow on YT.
woah 1k likes and 0 dislikes :D I have NEVER seen that before!
Cool DUDE 😎
I've watched u 4 yrs.  Who made alot of rides so cool brother. Ty 4 yr shows
I too was bitten by the helicopter bug after a ride in a Bell 206 in the Yukon. It took four years and scraping up $21000 to reach the point of enrolling in a program in Canada and receiving my commercial certificate. That was the 60/40 course. 60 hrs piston (R22) and 40 hrs turbine. (206) That was in 1981 and the 206 that was used for turbine training charged out at $280 an hour.  I've also had fixed wing training. It is possible to do your fixed wing training on weekends as I did. Takes longer but doable. Not so with helicopters. You must commit the financial outlay and the time to train full time. It took me 5 months to do the 100 hours. Weather played a large part in the extra time needed. One other thing. Two students washed out during my time there. They just couldn't get a handle on it. Helicopter training was the the most difficult and challenging thing I have ever done. This gentleman is very fortunate to have the financial resources and time. For the average Joe it's a very expensive and long road. The costs now must be triple what I paid. Good luck.
Rich people problems: It's expensive to have a Blackhawk Ya know 🙄
Cool 😎
Raise your hand if you didn't see this coming.
Lots of studying ahead Heavy d best of luck pal I hope. U get your licnece have fun cheers 🚁🚁🚁🚁🚁💪👍❤️🦘🇦🇺🇦🇺
I very much look forward to continuing the Blackhawk journey with you. It has made for some amazing content. You give excellent explanations of processes and goings on.
Y'all are killing me lol your invoice receipts has anyone else read those lol HD why do you need 2 boxes of gloves with a milkshake 😂😂🤣👊😎 now I know what to keep in my pantry in case y'all ever show up here. 😲😎
So if u need only 40hourw of flying a pass a test to get a lisence, i understand now why in murica need only 6 months of train to be a cop.
WIsh you guys would stop calling it a license.  It is a certification. You EARN a certificate. Demonstrate proficiency., knowledge, competency . We had 2 Blackhawks buzzing Oriental this week several times. Thought it might be you.....Until I saw the radar dome appear on the second unit. Would love a little bird.
living my dream. Wow.
Being so rich u make videos on ur helicopter  to get richer, good for u
Any aircraft over 12,500 lbs gross requires a type certificate. In the airline world, you can only have one type certificate at a time. Want to fly 737s on MWF and 757s on TTh, it isn't allowed. Switching types requires almost a month of retraining, very expensive for the airlines. That's the Part 121 world, here we are in the Part 91 world, relaxed rules.
WITH ALL RESPECT  YOU NEED TO GET A AMRY OFFICER TO HELP YOU AND TRAIN YOU .. THEY ARE TRAINED.....
An RPG brought it down in Mogadishu they are making sure you be careful with it
Best of luck,👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻🇬🇧
You can do it. But you need to clock up many hours to get the certs required for this beast. Best to see it this way : Did you take your driving test in an 18 wheeler ?
The maintenance simulator is the most useless piece of equipment the army has
Once you can fly it... I'd say it's definitely worth it. I don't have that kind of money!... But if I could, I would. That is so badass!
Nice lemme start saving and find a cool career
5 million dollar flight simulator...... windows XP graphics.
Interesting
I can’t imagine wow, can’t wait to see yours, be safe have fun at a whole new level. 😀👍❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Heavy D is going two be living his dream and wow he's going to have a lot of fun. You know heavy D shows themselves having fun they even make hard work look fun.but we all know he puts himself out there helping people from feeding a ranchers cattle to helping a grieving family look for a missing family member. So it's not all fun but still rewarding .my sons and I love this program.
I fly out of Mesa,  KFFZ.  Have flown over Pinal may times headed to RYAN Field in Tucson for the $100 hamburger.
At least you didn't end up like the Taliban dude that crashed the bird and killed 3 people along himself the other day.
Hmmm. Sparks says it's not like I'm going to be flying people around for hire or lifting loads or using the helicopter to put out FIRES.. I think this might be called foreshadowing.
The first receipt  A chocolate shake hahaha
I think that's so cool but if I had the $ I buy a farm so I could feed people and my family but I understand th$t your doing this and enjoy it
I think that's so cool but if I had the $ I buy a farm so I could feed people and my family but I understand th$t your doing this and enjoy it
Your business does heavy recovery. You should train on lifting and have your team learn it as well (the bottom half) . This helicopter can do some serious work and help pay for itself.
Most Awsome ride I have been on was at the Last Widow Maker event at the point here in SLC  Me and My Gal Christi what A Babe she is But back to the ride in a helicopter to tour the Mountain Way Fun
Saw a lone Blackhawk flying over Lincoln Nebraska the other day made me wonder if it was you guys in your new bird whip
Loving these vids. Thanks for this!
So why are they not at the border? Looks like the Government has let America 🇺🇸 down. So the military 🪖 does not protect the American border. If they did we would not be in the shape we are now. Or I would hope so. FJB
oh FYI if you ever get a chance to do the AH-64 simulator its SICK! I did like 24 ish hours of simulator flying in Afghanistan during my down time from the fire department on Bagram.
Did yous see the Taliban crash , there stolen / left there . Blackhawk it went up ok .but came down like a brick. lol All the best from Scotland
I was using my G.I benefits to go through a degree program to fly helicopters.  I had read all the horror stories veterans have gone through in having flight schools take advantage of veterans benefits for their own benefit.  I tried everything in my power to avoid the red flags but ultimately I get sucked into a school in Manasses Va that promised to work with me and over time they failed to maintain proper student/instructor ratios. They also let students schedule themselves so some people would schedule every single day and then call out if they didnt feel like it that day which made it impossible for others to get on the schedule  they only had 2 instructors max per day and that gave 4 slots to get into.  I got to 60 hours and 40 is the minimum.  The reason i had so many over was because id in some cases have to wait several months to get on the schedule.  I politely asked for assistance in this even suggested they get a better student portal to ensure scheduling can be done better.  Ultimately i had to leave the program because the college didn't care and refused to acknowledge the issue. The flight center was just appeasing me until the VA concluded their audit as they and the college were in violation and got caught for it but the VA did nothing.  The VA didn't provide any support for me in getting this issue addressed.  I've wanted to be a helicopter pilot since i was 7 years old and i let fear prevent me from chasing it down when i was younger.  The moment I flew doors off and solo the first time I felt so amazing and it breaks my hear every single day knowing the opportunity to fly was stripped from me because of these dang un monitored flight programs around the country.  They put all veterans who have the desire to fly at risk and one day the VA will stop supporting flight training with G.I benefits because of these corrupt flight schools.  I wish someone would be able to truly dig in and help veterans fight back against these crap programs and protect the benefit they earned from serving their country.   Whats even worse and terrible sad is that the flight school in Manasses was owned by a veteran and he had a silver tongue so i bought his promises and assurances hook, line , and sinker. So to all vets wanting to do this please ask a ton of questions and be smart with who you trust your benefits with.
Thank you for all of your service to all the men that defend our country.
Turn it into a helicopter camper 😅
Do some movie shots and probably make a fair bit of money! 🤔
When I was a kid I really wanted to fly helicopters when I was literally playing Jane's Combat simulation when I was a kid, I played it more than any other game except Gran Turismo, I did end up becoming friends with my regions SCCA president, conveniently I met him in my school parking lot waiting for his son, and racing cars became a short lived reality, one day I want to fly a helicopter, maybe not as crazy as you fly yours but I still would love it, one of my two biggest bucket list dreams
Hey what’s up bro how are you
Stop what whining about the cost. My thinking on things I purchase is if I can’t afford it don’t buy it. That way I don’t have to whine about costs.
So awesome!! So happy for you man. This is so dang cool.
Love the Black hawk, now the queation arises, Are we going to be seeing an V-22 osprey in the works
So it's like getting your class a's but alot more intense lol I know its not even close but it's all I can relate to cause I have my class a's
Good for you heavy D when we to go to war we will need you 💯
Wish I could afford to take a ride in a helicopter. I can't even afford a car newer the a 06. 😂
Touch my camera through the fence
Always a good day when ya wake up to a new video. Can't wait to see this Blackhawk in action!
I have used the American Airline full motion simulators, he is not lying about feeling like the real thing.
and the left say " you cant own a military helicopter" you cant own rocket launcher, You cant own a tank"    BS  you can own nuclear weapons as a private citizen if you have the money to get the permits . You can even arm your tank and rocket launcher if you have the right licenses.... Really besides money I would bet there is less paper work with the Government to buy a military airplane  or a tank then a machine gun  with a suppressor.
Looking forward to the next Blackhawk video.  The city I live in, San Diego, bought a S70i Firehawk helicopter in 2017. United Rotocraft takes used Blackhawks and rebuilds them into incredible fire fighting/rescue/ambulance  machines.  CalFire currently has 12 S70i. Impressive machines. I see them at work every year where I live. Night vision is new for CalFire.   Does your Blackhawk have night vision?
Thanks so much for the inspiring video. I recently got my third class medical certificate and now am in ground school. Unfortunately I wanted to fly for the military but didn't pass their medical requirements (depression when I was a teenager). Now I'm just going the civilian route.
I just had to leave this comment you know the government is watching you hardcore but like the left says if I'm not doing nothing wrong why does it matter? Well it does matter the government has no business in our life but out already 💯
Top man Dave.. Great insight.. I have man love !! 🤣🤣👍
How much does it pay when they sponsor you?  Be honest with us now...
A plane to learn in for $20-40K? Not these days.
So, learning about the journey, not the Blackhawk??  Lesson's are not failure's!!
What a sick game really for children or adults he's at the best game you can come up with killing people even though it's a game it's still psychologically affects the youth
Wow I flew one of those simulators it was for a c141. When I was a kid in the boyscouts. We were getting our aviation merit badge. Coolest 3 million dollar videogame console ever!
I am happy to be a subscriber of your channel. Your content is wonderful and very informative. Thank you HeavyDSparks
Awesome dave thanks for a great video, super excited for you, and can not wait to see some awesome videos. Maybe you pop to South Africa in the Hawk and pick up another Boerbull. LOL Keep safe
The cost to operate one of these is at least 6k per hour
Very Very cool! I tried going for private rotor license, but with family and trying to get it on a law enforcement budget I was only able to get about 14 hrs. Never followed back up. It’s awesome your able to have a dream and follow through with it!
I explored te British airways training facility in the uk , they had 3/4 of these simulators on site there so big and so real
ya need a emp proof bunker to store it in.....
So to become a UH60 civilian private pilot you need to start with a HUGE pile of CA$H?
Check ride means, get out your check book
Its like boat licenses!  You have to get a different ton age for each ship!  I got a 100 ton licenses as well i was a tug boat operator for Brown And Root > that classified for all boats up to 100 tons.. Sure some will fail. GET BACK TO SCHOOL>  DO IT ALL AGAIN>  UNTIL YOU PASS >   I haven't failed YET !  cause i ask question until i understand what going on
I spent 25 years in CG helos. Full motion simulators are no joke. It's not a game. You can get hurt.
Love the talking most of the time . But some time we need to shut the f### up and get on with it.....
Yo brother hope everything works out, funny saying that you always figure out something 💯 facts 😎🤝 respect
Semper Fi brada! Aloha & Imua!!!
Awesome! I remember doing ground school around 1981 with a guy I met from Switzerland. He went on to do Mountain rescue in Alberta as a Helicopter Pilot. I did my commercial license and joy-ride every day.
*Good luck passing a medical exam if you're a brown dude with this guy's beard. Putting an American Flag as your profile picture background won't help either.*
Not to be a  bear  of  bad  news  but  what  happens if  by chance you  fell  . Do you have  to  start  over again  from the beginning  or just  correct  just  some of it.
Woooooooow 😮
Behold, an extremely rare sighting of the ever so elusive Army Chief Warrant Officer in their natural habitat, out of sight and out of mind.
How did u get your hands on a Blackhawk? The sale of them are regulated by the military.
I can do this on my PC lol.
unfortunately i wasn't able to obtain my 3rd class medical due to ADD meds i was on when i was a kid. now i have to take expensive tests to get it. been flying many many times, but never was able to fulfill the dream of flying solo. i still enjoy watching flying videos.
Dave just one about you becoming a pilot and you're outsource for and support the guard I am in retired out of the guard 20 and a half years in Nebraska I fully support you and also what you're doing
The Mc. Donald’s receipt haha
get dcs for a amazing flight sim for black hawk and other planes
Did I hear you say checkride in 2 weeks after picking up your helicopter? I did Feb67 Army basic, Apr67-Sep67 Army Primary Helicopter at Ft Wolters. Oct67-Mar68 Ft Rucker Advanced Helicopter. Mar68 -Mar69 2 weeks after graduation was 1 year VietNam. 2.5 yr at Rucker as instructor. Off and on till 2006 I flew Guard in OH13, OH-6A, OH-58, 206 LONG RANGER,  UH1H, MH-60. Finished 2014 in Eurocopter flying for hospitals. I can't imagine what all this is costing you. I do know the fun you are going to have. I made a fair enough living in them. When you tire of that Blackhawk, get a nice KingAir. It can't hover but can cover some ground.
Is a Submarine next? Maybe you can ask about getting a ride on a sub that's going out for sea trials which is only a few days. You get the same experience of flying except way slower. I did it for 6 years.
I have worked on UH60L for 5 years on and they are amazing. Track and balancing it is a pain just so you get a heads up about it. A main rotor can take anywhere from 30 minutes to 4 hours
The sky is the limit, but there is no limit to fun... All the best to you in your Blackhawk endeavors!  🚁
Wouldn’t that be so trash being a low end employee of heavyd watching these videos seeing what the man your making money for is doing all day 😂 life sux
Good luck sir
My 1st time flying a helicopter was?  "I already had my fix wings".  We flying to and from off shore rigs. The pilot let me fly it!   While he took a nap He heee He always wanted me to fly with him
The fact that you have a F**kin Black Hawk. Is so sick.
So he can't use it in the recovery business?
Your a man of many missions,never stop!!
I keep hearing black c***
Very cool, Heavy D! You were in my neighborhood. There's a lot of aviation related places in the Tucson area.  The Pima Air and Space Museum. The plane storage yards, and several military bases. There are always jet training flights happening. Adding a Blackhawk to the 'family' is awesome, and I love that you're showing us the training process as well. Lots to learn there! All the best!!!!
Now you should take that same instructor who did your intro flight on a Blackhawk flight.
Really. You know most of your viewers don't have 20k in their pockets. I sure as Hell don't. I'm struggling right now too survive. I have big dreams. Sir I'm glad you got your dream. Most can't. Or not able. Watching this video is hard. Why? You sound pompous. You may have money now. At any time it can be taken from you.
It's not a License.  It's a Certificate of Proficiency!
You should get a helmet
I’ve had a rare opportunity to fly in a ch47 sim and wow
If you ever need a crew chief I’m down!
Oughta have Dave pump up the accumulator with the hand pump, if he wants to experience bump starting a Blackhawk…😛
My friend Abdul said he wants race. Quarter mile for pink slips.  My money's on Abdul, his magic carpet is fast as fuck bro.
You overestimate that we care about this shit. Lame o
You've got this Heavy D !! There is no doubt in my mind that you will pass all the testing with flying colors. God bless and be safe!!
I’m glad you guys kept to your Guns I like your YouTube more than when I discovered diesel brothers back when I was a kid
My man took chase your dreams to the next level... what a massive achievement, great job man! :)
I am a Certified Registered nurse but I have to renew my credentials
Was kinda hoping they'd throw some RPGs and indiscriminate fire at him.
What about pilots who don't want to be involved with killing people?  Options other than the military?
You only have to look at the hourly rate for piston/jet/helicopter air taxi and charter ops to realise the cost of flying various types.
HeavyD sure Loves talking to the Camera!
GOOD LUCK WITH GETTING YOUR BLACK HAWK LICENSE HEAVYDSPARKS YOU CAN DO IT YOU HAVE EVERYONE BEHIND YOU AND WE BELIEVE IN YOU DON'T GIVE UP YOU GOT THIS BELIEVE IN YOURSELF PRAY TO GOD ABOUT THIS
Military flying limas mikes and victors still
Dave you got this.  Awa to seeing you flying your blackhaw
gratulation, this thing is such a beauty, time to enjoy it
My ADHA would never allow me to fly anything
Dude way to crush you goals!
3.28 for a shake! Thats hwy robbery! So if you get a rotor license you automatically get the fixed wing also? I imagine a airplane to be simple compared to a chopper.
That was a old receipt :D 06/15/2020 11:42 PM :D
I got to use the V-22 Osprey simulator that the USMC used at Camp Lejune while on a ROTC trip. The Marine that was with us told us it is the most expensive video game, around $8-$9mil 😂
hey bro, $20-$40k for a plane is NOT cheap for a lot of people
Great video
Another educational, drama free video. Thank you.
I must say you have been blessed
If you had bothered to serve your country, you could have walked away with more than just the license. You could actually walk into a room full of patriots and retain a bit of dignity.
This is the part where you regret removing some of the unnecessary military equipment
This video had a podcast feel to it
For anyone wanting to fly for the Army, we have a street to seat program that puts you directly to flying as a warrant officer. You can look up details or ask. There is a selection board, but at least in my area, very few people end up as non-selects. Also, it is a 10 year commitment. You need to be physically fit, have an aptitude score of around 70th percentile of the population, and pass the SIFT.
What freedom are you talking about? Pride to be a puppet in the military that's controlled by a clown and his circus in office that did everything they could to remove your rights and freedom for the past 2 years. On top of creating and escalating war. Wow man.. Open Ur eyes!
Great vid. Dave..good luck stay safe...
Does the Microsoft flight simulator help?
Yea its gonna be pricey. Especially when you have to account for TBO items as well. Even the hoses have a replace by lifespan. Prices in aviation can be crazy.
Be safe please
So is this Blackhawk going to be able to do any work at all? This is going to be it Apple to an orange comparison, but for me driving the jeep is fun but taking out the winch in making it work is wear it really gets fun. Either way I'm sure owning a Blackhawk will be an amazing experience.
This is so frigging awesome...so glad I found you through Sin City Outdoors👌
sometimes the heavy lifting is mental.  hardest to do, really.
Listening to your pilot license journey brought back memories.  I got the bug after my first private airplane flight at young age and began flying lessons, like you the problem was being young doesn't equal enough money to pay for flying so it took me a while as I had the money to pay for it.  Glad to see the training and black hawk coming along.   Can't wait to see it in the skies here in Utah.
I can't wait to see you fly that bad boy!
KAHU Aviation in New Zealand has their own.
I have been 2 years trying to finish my private and you did it in a month, FK.  I have been to 2 schools and always have planes down for maintenance and too many peeople. it sucks.  Right now, 3 week no flying, all planes down again.
I don't think my job as short order cook  will pay for the  training 🤔
Cleetus buying Spark's old helicopter and that's why he's selling the ripsaw???
Area 51 nice😉🤤
God Bless the American armed forces! 🇺🇸
i love the way you are showing everything involved in this process of your blackhawk aquisition, please show us everything involved, some folks may not like it, but a lot will thanks
Love the journey, I soloed on my 16th birthday but life got in the way and never finished up. I think you missed a great opportunity @ 05:50 to mention that "you can buy a plane for less than the cost the parts on this table".
This is a great example for how the US department of defense can train new enlisted service members for both their role in the military but also with valuable skills for their future career.  That training is ultimately priceless.  How would you estimate the value saved by enlisting at a young age?    You may have just inspired a few thousand new future pilots.  Nicely done!
I wish you wouldn't milk it for time so much. Less repeat more action. Please
❤️👊
Thank's for the update on your journey to becoming a Black Hawk pilot. Now thats said,,, frikin awesome.  I want a ride. Great show see ya on the other side. Peace Keep the faith Dean
The simulator works the same on Dayz  belive me.😁❤
I'm an old Flight simulator guru who had worked on military fixed wing cargo, helicopter, and fighter jet simulators during my career. I was wondering which flight simulation corporation has built that Blackhawk simulator? As a simulator engineer you not only had to know the aircraft, but you also had to know all the software and Electronics that made it work as a simulator. I really enjoyed my career in the flight training industry, as I learned how to fly some really cool military flight simulators.
That sucks
Cool show! All do respects......
Good luck in hope you ace it and that everything goes smoothly
So cool I was going to fly a MD 900 series ,
Its your dream Heavy , dont stop .
Did anyone see that video of the taliban nosedive that Blackhawk that was left behind in Afghanistan this week. 😂
*_Didn't 911 happen this same way outsiders get training then crashed into a building?? Something about this don't feel right.._*
I love Airplane and Helicopters.. I am not a pilot, but from 1997 I have Computer Simulator of Comercial aircraft & Military.  One of them is the UH-60L. &  AH-64D ,Difficult the learning process in the beginning, but now I am pretty good in my Sim. Really Nice experience.
I'm totally impressed with your dedication.  I used to work in the Maintenace division of a VAQ squadron in the Navy "72" to "76".  It was definitely a learning experience.
I'm 32 now it's been my dream to get my license I actually just found out I can use my gi bill to get my commercial pilot license! But my great grandfather traded a car for his first airplane which he taught himself to fly, he went to ww2 as a pilot with never having  went and got a license and lived!! My grandfather was a pilot, my uncle is a commercial pilot runs in the family I guess lol. The rules/laws are insane!
😂😂😂 I was like that looks like a McDonald's receipt I had to rewind it just to be sure Man it must be nice to have a bunch of money & be successful lol  Kudos to you though I love these videos
bring Tom Cruise 🤣🤣🤣
Why are the advertising in your videos in Latin
Be very careful about the info you put out on Blackhawks the Taliban is watching.
You don't need a student certificate to log hours. You need a student certificate to solo.
Early early
I would love to see Heavy D try to do some logging with that Blackhawk 👍
You should have kept the Bell 206 as well! It’s still the best turbine helicopter in that category.
An 8 1⁄2 minute opening just to get to the training part that's a little bit much.
The Helicopter is just about the coolest vehicle ever developed. Only the Space shuttle has it beat.
🔥🙌🙏
Better sell some more boxes with socks and baseball cards
If you wanted to fly a real helicopter, then you should have gotten a Chinook. CH-47
Good Luck.
Way cooler than Bezo’s DICK rocket 👍 🇺🇸
As a Navy CMV-22b pilot and former MH-60s NATOPS instructor, It would be super awesome to go fly this bad boy with you.
Just a random question, do you own a shirt with sleeves? lol
I joined the Army to be a 15T, Blackhawk Helicopter Mechanic in 2010. Unfortunately, I had previous spinal cord issues that prevented me to from finishing Basic Training. But it's so cool watching these videos on a bird that I would have worked on.
When you get qualified take your hawk to Oshkosh i am sure you will get a slot in the show
Yo heavy! I live over here in Lexington where your Blackhawk is, and idk if it's yours or not but I've been seeing a Blackhawk flyin from time to time around town. It's really cool that you have your chopper here in town and I can't wait to see what y'all do with it! 🤘 Love you guys!
I wish my Blackhawk ran on a $3 McDonald’s milkshake
Well duh. You have to maintain the aircraft, you have to take flying courses with a legit pilot for helicopters. You have to learn how high you are allowed to fly. You have to learn flight control maps and certain lingo. You can't just just buy a flying machine without learning all you need to know and just expect to post your ass flying it for YouTube video media. It's not only your life on the line but potentially hundreds if not thousands of people who you endanger by flying over there houses.
What do  we need a game for when we are already playing for real,America is slipping away ,and pretty sure nobody is looking.
Always wanted to be a heli ski pilot.
nice i play conflict of nations
Kobe
I was an Army maintainer many moons ago... I got to fly in the UH-60A simulator in Germany several times. Sooo much fun!
Badass! Check that BlackHawk ownership off the list man! 🤙🏽Best of luck! Thanks for this experience.
I love how you are showing what you can about your blackhawk and how serious you are  about the training and imsure you cant wait to fly it. Best of luck with your training and flying that beautiful bird. You got this buddy. Stay safe and awesome video.
Rucker has about dozen or so of these sims.  Fun times.   As a 60A, L, and M pilot, I prefer the L models...  Mike model is nice but I prefer the simplicity of the Lima.
A lots of love from Uk and Mauritius 🇲🇺
Should have bought an H145 would have been cheaper and more comfortable
This is extremely AWSOME information
I would have loved to have heard your thoughts after going through the simulator. 🤯🤯🤯 comes mind like going from a Robinson r44 to a S92. Only thing similar was its a helicopter.
May god make it easy fr u my brother u get ur licence fr ur black hawk
That's amazing brother, can't wait for the next video. You rock. Keep it coming. 💯
The thumbnail is click bait. Otherwise good video
That Cobra on display in front of WAATS used to me mine in the Washington National Guard!  Had it for 15 years!! I had 2 Cobra acft, I think that one is 285? If not, It's 255.
Have never been in a Heli  Come give me my 1st ride in Ct, btw  Im 71 so I dont have a lot of time left  Hurry... PS  My wife has had 3 flights in Life Star
I live not too far from there in Tucson
You out of anyone deserves this hod bless fly safe
I'm glad your funding your Blackhawk with your powerbox 2.0 scam. Selling g powerboxs without the scratch saves lots of money you can put towards your Blackhawk. Good plan
Yep , go ask the Taliban about flying Blackhawks.
you rock!
I have a high fear of heights but I love the Military helicopters!  My favorite has got to be the Comanche... by watching you go through all of this training and everything for the Blackhawk, I can still love how a powerful machine works and never leave the ground!  Thank you for taking us along this journey with you!!!
How about the next time you get in a $50 million simulator you put on a shirt and show some respect to the military pilots that have to sit your sweaty stinky seat you left behind for some poor military slop to clean up after you.  Nice way to show appreciation to the military and civilians that granted you this access.   For a guy that says how much respect you have for the military, you sure don't show it.
Tell bud I said hello. Great guy from the wood carver
How crazy is it one of my hero’s visited a place I used work at? I was gate and perimeter security security there. That was back when they were expanding (pre 9/11). That’s crazy how small a world it can be. Maybe I can actually meet the team some day.
Now on to another subject when are you going to start building your own burnout car / truck.
Very cool series!!
Same ,Same but  Different
This is getting crazy. Seeing this at the mountain bunker will be crazy.
I enjoy the hell out of ur videos. So inspiring. I joined the Marines and went to Iraq in 2004. Spent my time in Ar Ramadi which was hell. It was an honor to serve this country of ours. Now I’m paralyzed from my nipples down and I married my occupational therapist from the VA Hospital. I just turned 40 and life is great. Could be better but at least I’m alive and talking to all of y’all.  🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
No kidding that’s why there all like warrant officers etc that fly those things . Cool project really excited to see you flying into the sunset
2 weeks is just like a truck Driver School.
Great content.  My wife says: “does he ever wear regular shirts?” 😅
Wow so much Information  to learn . Good luck with your new Blackhawk,you'll get your license no problem.  Loved this video thank you
I saw how they used helicopters to log 🪵🪓 trees ! Awesome 😎
Time to consider getting you AP license, the get your IA Cert.
That’s the best setup to a sponsor’s product.
If any branch of the military is going to make equipment available to the civilian world, they should make operation & maintenance training available as well.  Granted, at your own expense, but still...
Double triple check military recalls. There were old dc series planes breaking at a point where the wings connected and fell out of the sky. When it became a civilian model the recalls were not all on the civilian list but the part was on a military recall list. Major stress point would crack in half. There is video footage of a civilian model of the wings breaking off just after talk off or just before landing I forget which it was.
Be careful brother flying that thing in freezing weather ...........some power control cables will freeze up in high humidity areas such as Alabama.  I spent more winter mornings than I can count on a launch crew with a portable flight line heater in tow getting Blackhawks ready for launch.
Your awesome 😀I hope once you get that helicopter back to Utah hire an retired X Blackhawk pilot and have him fly with you for a year to make sure you have as much training to stay super safe . My dad is a pilot use to fly a Lear jet and gliders .I went up in his plane when I was a kid 🥴not a fan of flying .I know the drive if you love being a pilot you can’t get enough 👍have fun ! Can’t wait to see you fly that beast of a helicopter
Jp8..!!!!!  You wouldn't believe me but in Iraq we used it for dust control on the Fobs.
I can only imagine going mudding and getting stuck and calling a cousin to lift me out with a Blackhawk, ultimately badass.  Lol
Just when the in video adds were falling off we start a vid with one yay
God bless all of our Nation’s war fighters. Great video and best of luck as you progress thru this course. I work for Sikorsky Aircraft building these amazing aircraft. You never tire seeing one flying! 🇺🇸👍🇺🇸💪🇺🇸
Just when the in video adds were falling off we start a vid with one yay
Military aircraft are maintenance hogs.  They are far more costly than civilian.  You better have at least one full time mechanic on permanent staff.
Dont give up on the dream
I thought the "oral" test was only if the examiner fails you 😳😅😅
I remember the first time I took my 1 yr old son (26 now) up in my Skymaster he thought we were in a car, cuz the first time we banked on final approach he lost his mind when he saw the ground.
Flight simulator are fun but save you money in the long run😊
Great vid. Great content. Thanks for sharing this with the world. I seen a black hawk the other day here in detroit flying , what looked like tree top level. I've never seen one over my area. ( detroit ) basically right next to metro airport.  I'm just curious. What is the lowest that a Blackhawk is allow to fly.  Not that I care about how low they were. I thought it was really cool. Just curious.  Thanks 🙏
All you helicopter wanna be pilots, It’s about $600 an hour for lessons unless you own your own helicopters. It takes a tremendous amount of money to own and operate a helicopter, factoring everything from fuel to insurance to fly something like an old Huey or a bell jet ranger about $1500 to $2000 an hour. Us poor guys fly the helicycle and that’s about $60,000 to build a single seat tiny copter.
I can't imagine how much all of this has cost this man lol
To bad most of us don't have the bank roll to get into this hobby 😥
I bet that LG Chocolate Shake from McDonald's is the last part which was needed. Wonder if he took the survey.
If your still looking for helicopter job videos look up mendota ranch on YouTube he's a cool dude and it would be sweet to see you go there
You got this Dave !! Good luck
Can’t wait to see the hawk rip a car out of the woods😎
Right on man. My 6 your old daughter is wanting to be a pilot. I can’t wait to the day to take her flying.
Heavy D you do some amazing things! Love the variety of your content. Good Luck!
Thank god … I was in a Abrams tank.. lol
some buddies and i were out wheeling at sycamore creek az and when we got to the top of widowmaker, a blackhawk dropped some military guys off 100 feet from us them did a loop and came to pick them up. it was super cool
Navajo air crew here and we have two decommissioned black hawks that we fly. ( Not the pilot but of the crew.)
Bahahahhaha $3 at maccas🤣🤣🤣🤣
I got the opportunity to walk through the maintenance facility in St. Cloud Mn as a high schooler, that memory has stuck with me as one of the coolest places I've ever been.
This thing is badass!
The drive this mofo has.. incredible
Wow, I have mad respect for what you are doing...geter done!!!
Awesome stuff!!
Do u know how one can tell they are talking to a helicopter pilot?  They will say, "I am a helicopter pilot."
For those who are young look at becoming a helicopter pilot through the military. Yes you pretty much sign up for 10+ years however you go in as a Warrant Officer
Love what ya doing   mate keep up these fantastic  video
Your career took off?  Love you Dave
Congrats on your rating for ROTORCRAFT-HELICOPTER.
This is cool. I once got to train and fly the National Guards Apache trainer at Ellington Air Base when I worked for NASA as an EMT. I was able to take of and fly, the landing was ugly 😂  Unfortunately, about a week later, the crew that was training me went down off the coast killing both.
Well that anwsered my question which is cheaper, a bush plane or Chopper to use to fly the back country (-:
* a group of Taliban watching intensely*
So darn cool. Inspiring stuff, Dave. Can't wait to see more. Also, I was hoping to see the simulated RPG or small arms fire...lol.
Wow, had no idea McDonalds did Blackhawk parts, what the hell kind of toys are they putting into the happy meals these days. lol
One of the most dangerous things in aviation are private owners with too much money flying aircraft they should not be flying.
People who jump in and to support you be careful of what you are getting,
I do love your videos dude, but the sponser is a bit distasteful when there is a real war going on in the Ukraine HeavyD.
Private pilot here, Roto & Fixed wing wow I am impressed you must have huge bank , what is you mission with the UH-60 Blackhawk?
Kudos brother! Yes, a lot of work and dedication, and respect! I can see you take your channel and crew to another level nobody on youtube has seen, adding a BH to the arsenal,  respect
„Hey everyone, wags here from eagle dynamics and in this DCS UH-60L video we‘re gonna learn how to cold start a Blackhawk.“
Love this so much!!! Dylan's Dad said Thank You to All of You Looking For Dylan with Lance and Ty! 💙🙏🏻
Man I wish I could work with you guys.
🙂👍🇧🇻
My dream was to be a pilot. Sadly it didnt turn out that way. My dad never backed me with anything instead brought me down.
Your first official flight in that bird should be an unplanned unannounced mission to fast rope some people onto the roof of a particular white house ... 🤣
I'm a former Blackhawk Instructor Pilot (SP/IE) if you ever need some table talk let me know.
9 year ARMY INF Vet here. Just wanted you to know I watch ALL your adds ALL the way through! Love this channel more than any show out there...PERIOD. Keep on keepin YouTube alive brother!
Kick some but Sparks!!!🇺🇸
“Tight” 👍👍👍
Glad you passed the Oral test
Like the video, had a lot of good information in it.  At my age I think the only thing I could fly is a kite.  Most to the equipment I was in is now in a museum.  Amazing how things change in 50 years.
I'm pretty sure I got scammed from someone. I was putting in an order and wasn't sure if I could afford it so I waited and before I knew it I was charged. But I haven't received anything yet. I'm positive it had nothing to do with you all.
Good video thanks
Why u look like Travis?
These guys don’t know what they’re talking about.
Awesome training! Thanks for sharing!
Dang. $3.64 for a chocolate shake? I guess I haven't been to MickyD's in a long long time.
Helicopters aren’t smart, they’re unsafe. If I were to fly one I’d put a powerful ejection seat in it, first thing.  🤨
That is very cool. What a great experience that wood be too take part in.
How cool it would be to fly a black hawk, not hat I ever would lol.
Another banger of a video!!!!! Keep them coming heavy D!!!!
Nice 😊
A analysis of your limitations is self assessment the achievement of dreams are endless! You got this! Remember you can't stop! Texas 101! And yes I'm an old fart!
I see some great things in the future. I love love this channel. Top three.
No, you are not the only guy using the Blackhawk for private use. I now a pilot that has been flying them for making movies for years. He has at least two of them. Great video's, I am learning a lot!
My questions for your black hawk are,,,  Are you going to have one or two 50 cals,,,  and,,,  Where are they going to be mounted, ???   :-)
Gosh if I didn’t have epilepsy I’d be trying to get in that thing right next to you 😂
Where comes a fount of foolish cash, such as you obviously have to play with all the kewel toys and games, such as YOU do?!?!?! I am always mesmerized!!!!!!
HH-60W, is the newest...Air Force CRH...so that's Whiskey.
@Sparks!  💥 Extremely proud of you for everything you have done to getting together your private 🪖 BLACKHAWK 🪖 License that is needed to flying your very own Blackhawk Helicopter.  Your KIDS and WIFE must be so Damm excited and proud of you Sparks!  God Bless! 🙏🙏🙏  Tony
CONGRATULATIONS & YOU GOT THIS 🚁🚁🚁🚁🚁
I got my commercial licence in Canada. It took 6 months for all the training, for R22, R44. It was 50k, but when I passed my flying test at the end of 100 hours fly time. The government gave me 25k back. And after claiming everything in taxes I got another 8k.
Working on my CFI now for Fix Wings but good luck dude you got this! :) Keep posting more Aviation Vids!
i always had dreams of flying tiny  planes with floats to various ponds and tiny lakes in mountains for fishing and camping. just pipedreams now because i'm already retired living on ssi.
I originally watched your TV show about diesel trucks now it's turbine helicopters lol. Keep doing what you do bro
Ahhhh having money while us peasants don’t have any and still telling us how we can somehow be helicopter pilots with no money to afford it lol great job rich YouTuber
Best ad integration ever... HONEST, and forthright... YES< this is a win-win, I didnt fast forward, I honored your request as they guys are helping. Good stuff.
Yippie fuck... a multimillionaire trying to act like he's just another guy. $60k to you is like 60 cents to us.
and we bitch about the dod spending ever fiskale year lol people wonder why . therws one reason ac maintance
Yeah totally agree HeavyD......God Bless and Protect our Military !
I got me a project putting a motor on a bicycle talk about receipts shock lols 😎 Can't even fathom what you are dealing with Ain't it just ain't it.... lols. Seriously love you guys and the content of these videos and what you accomplish. You got this , I completely believe it 😎
I heard the name (chief Knous ) SP, Do you know if he is any relation to Command Sergeant Major Lynn Knous. Who was the State Command Sergeant Major of Oregon in the 80's/90's.
I’m super excited for you man, what a cool chapter in your life.
Don't play video games .I carve wood or weapons training.
Thank you HeavyD for explaining about how to fly a Helicopter! This is awesome to learn about and watch!!!!
Good luck bud! 🍀🍀🍀🙏🏻
Diesel Dave wants to talk about bump starting it, well it's all fun and games till you've dumped the accumulator and gotta pump it back up for the 4th time in a row.
AWESOME 👏🏽 AWESOME 👏🏽 AWESOME 👏🏽  Best wishes going forward!!
You should pretend to be Taliban and Biden would give you a Blackhawk.
Very exciting.  🤗🙏
I live in the Netherlands, let say this, NATO does want to go to war with Russia, is it possible  Netherlands becomes neutral? And i mean with that, is we dont want super high gas prices because NATO does disturb the trade agreements. Please go do war with Canada or with Mexico and use your miitairy  long range rocket. Also we donnot want Americans in Germany Ramstein or Geilenkirchen. you people need to leave Europe, i understand technique is awesome but dont do this on the back of the European worker. We are poor hard working people. And i understand the war hawks do urge Biden to distrubute long range rocket, which means  Russia will for first time will retaliate to the American base in Germany Ramstein. Lot of casulties will excists and then we ware in a comple large war, due to the filty Americans.  Please negioate for peace.
Gut, dass so viele Menschen kennt`s und kennenlernen kann, die den Traum ein Stück weiter bringen.
BlackHawks are cool. But u definitely should have bought a AirWolf
Awesome Heavy D, My daughter is a 1st LT in the Army and will start Helicopter Aviation Training at Fort Rucker in January 2023. Excellent video.
Pretty hard to f*ck with the guy pulling up in a Blackhawk.
Make your own black hook training program school. I have ways wanted to do this and you can be the first  to open the door make this mkre accessible. Make it a rotorary training school to help others fast track. I would love too help with this, train and be a future trainer for you.
Anyone know if this license will let him use the hawk for recoveries if its for himself or he's not charging for it?
All those knobs and buttons..looks a bit like my home studio..but different
Chocolate shakes are a costly endeavour
YOU ARE AWESOME BROTHER. GOD BLESS YOU AND YOUR TEAM. MUCH LOVE FOR ALL THE GOOD THINGS YOU GUYS DO.  A 70 YEAR OLD VIETNAM  COMBAT VET AND ONE OF YOUR BIGEST FANS. (SOUTHWEST UTAH) 😇
I had a relative stranger give me a full three hour currency experience (brief and fam, 1 hour flying and tests, emergencies and a debrief) at Flight Safety.  For a desktop sim guy, I did okay in the 412.  It was amazing.  That said, I love helicopters but they're way beyond anything I can hope to fly.  This begs the question, what in the world do you do that allows you to just buy a Jet Ranger and use it as your training platform; much more buying and fixing up a Blackhawk.
That’s a great video.  I can only dream of being able to fly a helicopter.    But would love to
i disliked the video and am still going to watch the whole thing... MERICA'
God bless the one's that are not woke🙏period!!   God bless all true American Patriots 🙏 🇺🇸🗽🇺🇸  Freedom is not free period!!
If I was smart enough and had the money I love to fly a helicopter that be my dream. Awesome information thanks for the post keep up with the great work
Sorry, one reason the government spends billions on maintenance alone. Not to many civilians can afford military combat aircraft…
If you need a door gunner when you get this wrapped up. Have gun will travel. Just let me know.
I spent six years in Army aviation and actually had a chance to attend flight school as a newly minted WO1, and I passed it up due to the 10 year commitment. I had already been enlisted for five years at that point and had not exactly enjoyed my enlisted time, which is what swayed me. Totally regret not going.
The biggest hurdle I forsee in this whole endeavor is successfully flying a Blackhawk around without attracting the attention of the US 🇺🇸 airforce. Those flights could get sketchy real quick. Proceed with caution. ⚠️
need to name it BLACK HOG!!!,because of its diet of money!!!
Newest model is the victor model only a handful in service and we build the wiring bundles for them
I wonder is they’ll team up with AWP on some recoveries? Be pretty cool!
Great video, very well done. Very interesting and informative. Thanks so much. Best of luck getting this project done. I know if yall did it, it will be awesome.
Nipples out... 🤣🤣🤣
someone please help us all and send Dave some sort of recovery 🤣🤣
The phone call at around 14:00 minutes, the last time I got one of those, I told them what make and year my truck is, a 1998 GMC pickup truck.... Those bastards hung up on me, I was hoping I could get an extended warranty. I have a lot of items that could be fixed with an extended warranty.  🤣🤣🤣
But Dave, isn't your Blackhawk helicopter a lot lighter weight and will fly different than what the test helicopter will fly...?
Gotta respect a man willing to ride a BlackHawk.
💗💗💗
You got this brother! I have faith in you. Get this bird in the air!
Interesting ! Good luck with your Training Process !
More action less talking.
Nice to see the ruzzian flag going down.
Blade de icing is that for the windshield wipers? 💀😂
Do you know what they called the V tailed Beechcraft Bonanza in the old days? The doctor killer. It was an expensive high performance plane that they could afford to buy but not in their careers Afford the time  to fly enough to be current. Not bare  legal current, but current in skills.   No Blackhawk has  probably  never been flown by anyone with as little training. Also it is a two pilot ship in the military so you become a co pilot still learning Before you become the aircraft commander.  I hope he can recreate a civilian version of this unspoken training not accounted for in FAA private pilot rules even taking into account Type rating.  I wish him luck but will a company  insure this helo from the information Presented here?
Thoroughbred aviation is just down street from me. Ill have to go graffiti your bird lol. Got private pilot license when I was 18. Would love to learn helicopters
Nothing like a helicopter video to make me remember I'm too poor to afford the newest sportscar let alone a d*mn $250,000 helicopter..Well guess I'll just go be poor an cut my grass on a Sunday.
Really Cool !      YOU HAVE TOO MUCH MONEY  !    The IRS Needs to Audit YOU Sir .
A pilot has to do a night flight where they plotted out and they have to fly it and if you don't get that down you don't get your pilot's license yeah being a pilot ain't easy I give it to him for everything that he has good God especially a helicopter pilot yeah can be a dumbass and be a pilot that's for damn sure
WOW, that was boring.
This is so bad ass...
HD, hey guys want  2 build  a simulator?
🇺🇸💪
Very interesting, found quite humorous that you guys are using a flashlight to look at the control panel/instruments when there are both overhead AND everything is backlit...more power to you in your endeavors with this awesome helo!
Great video thanks Dave for the update on the black hawk
Holy rotar blades Batman!
I wish I could see the colors required to get a pilots license. I am doomed to forever be a passenger or at best "you take the stick for this next turn" 😕
I have been waiting to see it fly. I wish I could find out what happened to my power box . I was  wondering if the shipping didn't go through like the first power box that the post office never received it
I’ve always dreamed of flying a helicopter since I was a kid watching Airwolf on TV. Unfortunately, insulin dependent diabetes (Type 1) is an automatic failure on the medical exam. 😢
This dude has become well detached from reality.
Keep going, keep training ... test again.
Private pilot here (fixed wing) who's dreamt of getting a rotor wing rating my entire life. Sadly it likely won't happen in my lifetime but I'm fortunate that I get to experience the process vicariously through you! Look forward to future videos!
Will heavyd i guess you can hire someone to fly the Blackhawk wail you get you're learner's permit and learn to fly it,just saying,or join the army
You know how to make a Million Dollars in the Helicopter Business? Start out with 10 Million!
And….how do you afford all of this?
That's why we have the best military in the world look at what they have to go through to fly that one just think about the Apache what they have to know the fly that thing I'm sorry people should be at Aaaa at our military we have the best of the best
Thank  you, young at heart  and  spirit  rejoice  with your  sage gentle  words.
Flying thru the ground looks like something from Skinwalker Ranch !!!!!!!
I was a 68G1P with the 1/17 Air Cav at Bragg. It was a nice AC to work on.
My son inlaw is in the Canadian military. He is in his 4 year of helicopter mattinance... pretty cool job
Awesome video! Expect nothing less each and every time. All you guys are whacky  crazy and  FUN to watch! Has some hearty laughs  on other ones . Thank you for that 🤪
Love the Robinson sound effect !                 🤣
Good luck HeavyD 🦾🦾🦾🦾🦾🦾
I am a bit surprised you don't get the commercial licence, as I thought you wanted to use it to lift stuff for your company.
I took fixed wing ground school 2 versions, regular and instrument for free thru Checkride prep.
you're just a damn character... I hate mister know it alls. diesel Dave just put up with your dumbass cause he knows $
are you surprised?
You need a weight type rating for any class and category aircraft over 12,500 mtow. You also would really want an Airline Transport Pilot (ATP) certification. Thats also an unrestricted ATP meaning you also need an instrument certification. So your certification to become type rated in a 22,000 MTOW aircraft will be Private, Instrument, Commercial/instrument. Then at 1500 total time (last I knew) you need an Airline transport Pilot (ATP) certification. So your ATP will read. ATP class, Rotorcraft category, Type S-70M. Or you could stick with just a commercial, VFR and only use 10% of the capabilities of the aircraft. Which is a total waste of time and tons of money.
The stupid background music is a monster distraction making it hard to hear what people are saying 🤬
Dave is a goat!  Keep up all you do for so many!
Can't wait to see your Blackhawk fly
Can the BlackHawk helicopter be flown single pilot?
I live right by that training center in Pinal county.
My dream is to fly a uh-1h... or own one if I ever make it big.
Another Commercial...
Mr. Dave Sparks is creating a militia to take over the world... I think he's legit, or at least hope so...
Glad to see you living your dream Dave Sparks. You are an inspiration. God Bless 🇺🇸
Just go to Afghanistan. They will have you going in no time
⚠️⛔️⚠️   OUTSTANDING !!!  Thanks. It sucks so bad that our FORMERLY great military is now almost completely “WOKE”.  The Vvvvaxxx jab in the arm with experimental medical treatment mandates, along with disgusting infiltration by the farthest of far left communists….  Cleaned House  of nearly all conservative patriots in all branches of the military.. AND law enforcement, firefighters, EMS, etc…   “Defund the Police” was simply all about releasing the most violent criminals (mostly Black People of Color)  and, simultaneously, strip all military and public safety of decent people and replace them with lefty commie cronies. We are doomed.😢
I’m proud of you brother! Never give up.  Your fellow hawk driver
Thanks 👍 for sharing this video HD..love your streams BRO good luck looking forward to seeing more about the Blackhawk an your mission to Being able to fly it is back Home.. Cheers BRO YOUR FRIEND an Fan The Canadian Pitbull CHEERS
Hey Heavy D i like these videos very much keep it up.
I'm a commercial and instrument rated pilot in the US. If there's anything aviation related at all I can do, let me know and I'll drive out there.
Thanks for the update. I wish when I went to IET for UH-60 maintainers school in VA that they had a kewl setup like the AZ National Guard does. Keep up the great work Heavy D
Isn't JT the same guy who you did Survival, Escape and Evasion training with?
Hey hey hey:) I have a heck of a helicopter story that happened in Alaska
So fun to watch you grow in this program. I was fortunate to have maintained them and flown them for a combined 17 years. You will never find the end of this aircraft. It’s amazing what I am still learning after a full career with this bird. Enjoy it!
This was amazing, HeavyDSparks!!!!  I know you will pass and we will soon see you flying your Blackhawk!!!!  You got this man!!!!
Why does the pilot in command in a helicopter fly right seat? In airplanes they fly left seat
Where on that FAA card does it say License? It won't. The FAA issues certificates.  You have a Private Pilot Certificate with a Rotorcraft Helicopter rating on it. I just cringe when I hear people refer to a Pilot Certificate or a license.  Being a pilot is all about attention to detail. Flying for a living really is just hard work for little compensation for the most part. I retired last year after 45 years of it. Oh, I fly both airplanes and helicopters.
HD, have you given any consideration to wearing a nonexistent flight suit? What about a co-pilot for your Blackhawk?
I never really had a huge following for your channel until I seen you got a Blackhawk and being a former maintainer I’ll be honest with ya the Blackhawk is a work horse of a aircraft. Once you get flying in your own your gonna be like a kid on Christmas every time those turbo shaft engines spool!!
And the FAA does not play around at all at all they'll take your pilot's license is quick as you earned one or should I say as quick as one was printed up to you they'll snap your license in a heartbeat so yeah that's one thing you do is you follow the FAA rules 100% cuz they are unforgiving got to realize they're the US government
I like how the sponsor of this show “conflict of nations” uses the font and logo design of CNN news, CON news. Very creative but very accurate.
I wonder what Helicopter is Next. Maybe a Chinook? ooo I know. You should get a V-22 Osprey
got the chance to try one the the army simulators for the KC-130 really cool experience
Love the videos just little bummed out that I didn't get my power box even after filling out my updated information
You can do tours to bring in the extra bucks 😍😎
Are you suuuuure?!!!! Geeeeeesus
We are all behind you all the way. Keep up  all the good work you do .
By the Grace of GOD i got my Private pilot license in 36.5  hrs  with  1.5 hrs being on my check ride.. its called part 141..
Joe Biden left some Black Hawks behind for the Taliban to use... that was so nice of the degenerate senile dolt.
Chocolate shake at McDonald's expensive??? WOW!!! 🤣🤣🤣
Just go get your Commercial License. 🤷‍♂️
That sweizer was my one and only helicopter trip back in 1988,was an aircraft apprentice fitter here in UK and was offered a free trip,amazing experience even had a go myself,pilot autorotated from 1000 feet my stomach ended up in my mouth, but what an experience
I want to get my license in Canada cause I live ten miles away from the border. Great video!
Oral test🤔😂  you mean Verbal test🤣
Best thing to do is go to an instructor that has his plane and what you do is you rent the instructor's time and you rent the plane it's a lot cheaper not everybody walks around with you ain't buying a plane for no $40,000 I'll tell you that right now you ain't even buying a little Piper Cub for $40,000 trust me I know like I said I had an uncle that was in the business and his son took over my cousin he's the one that has the 230,000 plane and he is an instructor and he can instruct you to get your commercial pilot's license so you can fly in Alaska if you so choose to and yes he has flown in Alaska so yeah you ain't getting no damn plane for no $40,000 I don't give a damn who You are maybe a crashed one but you ain't getting no running playing for no $40,000
Can't wait for all the Blackhawk content to come¡!!¡¡!!
Heavy D is a Gangsta... Team Black Hawk.
Cant wait to see the Blackhawk fly.
Full commitment and determination can get you to your goals. HD is fully involved when he gets into his projects. This is absolutely required when learning to fly airplanes and helicopters. There is no hitting the restart button nor pulling over to fix something in the air. Instructors always stress safety, situational awareness and to be ready for as many emergencies as possible. Even the airspace of where one flies has its own set of issues. Flying in Florida is not the same as in Alaska, California, Utah ect.. Lots to learn but as mentioned, with full commitment and determination your goals can be achieved. Good video 👍🏼
I can not wait to see you fly your Blackhawk  and I was just wondering can I have a signed picture off all of you as I am a very big fan I just wish I lived in America because if I did I wood love to meet you and your friend keep it up .👍👍👍👍
This Is Bad Ass.
-  👍 👍 🔧 -                                👀 ❤🤍💙
hell yea man. cant wait to see you fly and use your blackhawk
He'd German?
In washington state you can get your 141 license at a community college for 60K out the door.
Owning a black hawk must be so cool
can you do a Videos with roman atwood
Not in the military but somehow got clearance to access and get taxpayer-funded training? Concerning.
I can't wait to see Dave airlift a wrecked car out of the woods.
Jet boxes and 105's. So 1990...
The funniest thing in this video is cause of his extended warranty call lol🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣😅
A single pilot cannot physically control the helicopter in all situations. One big complexity with a uh60
Wow well done and good luck on the BH training.
Really cool! =)
Years ago was in the Civil Air Patrol at MacDill Airforce Base. We got a decommissioned Blackhawk A. Amazing aircraft to fly only got 60hrs logged before went into active duty. You got this brother!
I wanna fly f18s
awesome video
you could get in touch with @OperatorDrewski who is a legend when it comes to heli sim, he could give you advice on a "hotas" system to practice at home without of buying a multimillion $ simulator
When you fly this Blackhawk for the first test flight. All systems checks have to be perform including 1p checks at different speeds and then auto ration and vibration check (hums) at different speeds at VH max beep. Not including Nav,radio, ect.
sadly i could never server due to a knee enjury i got in a motorcycle accident with my father when i was 11
That is so cool. I lived right across 10 from there. Lived there for 3 years. Pinal Airpark. There is a Delta 747, that was the last to fly for them there. Signed by pilots, staff, crew, passengers all over the fuselage and interior.
To bad things costs to much in your world 🌎 hope you get what you're looking for good luck amen
Why do you got to make me cry
We are rooting for ya HD Good luck on your first in a few weeks 👊😎
interesting video dave, just a shame we keep getting these scam messages in the comments 🙄
Is your Blackhawk a single pilot aircraft?  I know the military considers the Blackhawk a 2 pilot aircraft.   The S70 can be either, but I’m not sure what upgrades they do exactly to make it single pilot.   Also do they leave the cargo hook so you can sling load or is that removed to facilitate quicker training?
Hello
Wonder what machine will sink or blow up this time, cos this is costing a ton of money
Comment for the algorithm. Thanks for sharing.
The Blackhawk helicopter I bought from Walmart requires no license to fly but it will only go as high as I can throw it
That’s soo awesome dude congratulations and I am gonna check it out I wanna learn to fly a small airplane 🙏🏽
Pilots have to be genius
This Is Cool, I Know You Are Super Busy, Please Go Help Brent...
You guys should try and get Bill Burr on the channel. Big helicopter guy! I think it could be amazing content.
Warrant Officers in the Army who can't fly the Blackhawk get bumped down to the Kaiawa
I’m a 15W in the Texas national guard and did my flight school in fort huachuca in Arizona. Trying to get my private for fixed wing just crazy expensive and don’t have the money for an aircraft lol
WTF?!  First sells us on Metaverse killing games and then promotes the US Military killing machine!!   This may be the worst video you have every done Heavy D...  Gonna have to change your name to "Sellout D"   Man, We DO NOT want you to be influencing us or especially young people to do destructive things like pretent to kill or sign up to go kill for real!!  So disappointed in your direction..   Please STOP and think about what you are influencing people to become or do in their lives...  I served in the Army for 4 years and thank GOD I never harmed anyone because when you get out of the Military and realize what it really is, you have GREAT REGRET!  Ask my 3 friends that committed suizide because they could not deal with the things they seen in Iraq and other places the US goes to take over countries and call it saving them!   My friend used to cry all night sometimes because of what he was influenced to do to other human in the military and now he is dead and your selling out and promoting the same BS to trap others in this same trap just because you want your helicopter paid for by sponsors..   Do you not have ANY principles in your life?   THINK!      Daniel Alexander Cannon
OK, re the sponsor, that was easy and painless.  Needed something like this for the cell, glad to be able to support.
Fantastic vlog,s love watching them all. From here in the UK🚁🇬🇧
This brought back memories, I remember going in a full motion black hawk simulator with my dad when I was young
You can delete my comments but your “fans” will find out the truth
Can't wait to see you guys putting that Blackhawk to good use... 👍
Getting rated to fly any heavy lift helicopter is a pain in the ass from what i been reading.. i wanted to get a license to fly timber at one point but there was just too much red tape for the amount of money i had at the time..
It's getting EXCITING!!
A “private business owner”  YouTube money You using tax payer military training equipment for free  Let’s see how it goes  Right Dave
I love helicopters so much and I love your videos so much, never would I ever thought that the both would merge together to create these amazing videos! Big fan of your videos 😊 thank you for these videos!
If you had a friend that was in the military then they would have warned you prior. These things are no joke when it comes to maintenance
Do you really feel that two weeks behind the stick is really enough time? Sometimes i feel that it's better to spread it out and take time but to each their own and their own skill.
So cool cant wait for the next video love this channel and what you do
You can do this!!
Why get licensed, if you fly it out of your property and around your property, dont ass kiss the government.
I use to fly Blackhawks for 13 years. I'll be your co pilot for free
How did the Taliban jusst jump in a Blackhawk helicopters and start flying around after Joe Biden exited Afghanistan I seen thee flying but I didn't see the guy landed it
As always super cool.  Always on the edge of my seat waiting for the next Blackhawk video !!!  I’m also super stoked that your bringing interest back into GA.  I feel like people hardly look up anymore.  Your doing a great job !!!
I hear there was a Blackhawk in my neighborhood recently, national guard in there all the time, Big Sandy Regional, happy trails my friends, best of luck on the new adventure
👍👍
Love the synergy between enthusaist and corporate support.
Hey just wanted to say I have no interest in becoming a pilot, planes, helicopters are cool but not something I'd be interested in actually learning to fly but this video was truly interesting to watch. And shows the true complications and commitments this type of stuff takes. Also very motivational!
JAFO!
Taliban should have got licensed 😂
Besides rotorcraft I also have my license in lighter than air. Aka hot air balloons
I got an hour in the Blackhawk sim at Fort Indiantown Gap in Pennsylvania, I'll never forget it.
there are some pilots that can fly a helicopter or an airplane.
Will the FAA require you to fly with a crew chief on board?
What ever happened with the kit helicopter that was on the show? They wouldn't show footage.
Can’t wait
I love the Bell Jet Ranger I just purchased my fourth one this one is super nice it's really decked out bought from a big we known corporation it was the CEOs helicopter.
Brother I get it, my dad was a c-130 pilot for 20 years he started in fighter jets but he used to take me and my brothers to fly the c-130 Sim and it is on a different level man it's pretty awesome
I can’t believe I passed over your videos the past few months I absolutely love this channel
Lol bump start😂 stop it I'm trying to learn more not laugh more 👊😎
Freaking awesome.
This man is living his dream! You got this Heavy! Keep up the good work, we believe in you!
Good luck Dave! Love the Blackhawk content
Good luck buddy you will pass it see you soon
I’m a UH-60 Crew Chief for the NG, currently paying my way through my Instrument Helicopter rating. Watching this channel is really inspiring.
I always enjoyed these type of trainings but I couldn't afford that anymore it's so expensive.
Love your videos, Love the Blackhawks, and the UH60M models are Medevac specific models! When i was at FT Campbell back in 1988-1991 our pilots would invite us sometimes to fly the simulators with them if their co-pilot backed out just to get their hours so with that i have actually flown the simulator and of course crashed it a few times lol     HATE that red screen!
We get to learn so much more everytime you fail … Failing Forward! 🤙 … I am a 72 year young closet-fly-girl so envious of your new heli & flying. I used to teach & jump into chutes skiing Alta & Snowbird 70’s … so know the great ✨💖✨ beauty of your expansive work & play home of Utah … I am back my home in Island of Hawai’i … and wish you were closer with your wonderful heli … so I can inhale that sweet heli fuel 😂
Super excited to see that you guys are getting near to be able to fly your blackhawk . Can’t wait for next video!
Ha, you were pretty close to my house.  I hope you liked my neck of the woods.
Who cares!
30 years ago we were averaging about $360k a year per Blackhawk. Some years were $180 to 250k, some were $1.2 million
Right around 6  minutes......HAAAAHAAAHHAAAAAAAA!!!.   Not happening
Lol I was going to say we have Blackhawks for PJ Helicopters in Red Bluff for power poles and fire
Did anyone else look what was on the receipts? 0:19 🤣
Fair play HeavyD the best of luck 🎱👍
u talk waaay too much in these videos...we wanna see content of whats going on or what u r doing not you just constantly rambling man....seems like ur always 70% just talking to the cam and 30% showing content...gets annoying...just watch that
Living the dream man... keep it up its very cool..
Has Cleetus asked you to be his flight instructor?
whats your story?
The oral exam is for when you wanna get fast tracked 😉
When we getting a Chinook?
Nobody cares to watch to you talk for 25 mins this content gets worse with every video you make.
My teacher in High School was a black hawk helicopter mechanic in Desert Storm in Saudia Arabia.
Best of luck
And then folks wonder why I want to fly an ultralight autogyro  No lisc required, no medical needed.. there are a lot of restrictions, but I could live with those
Hey, you made it to AZ?  Gotta say, its better here then Utah... Just Sayin'
What happened to the give always for every 250k subs?
David Goggins may have a comment on that chocolate shake.
You seem to have skipped over the Rotoway tubine helicopter you had at one point... I found your listing when you listed it for sale on Controller.
Two weeks to get helio PPL?  Thats hardcore.
McDonald’s shakes, definitely a great support tool for black hawk repair.
Do you run ForeFlight?
I just came across this channel and holy hell. This is some grade A content. Good job, video editors!
War mongering fools
Interesting... But the words "in America" should be dropped in occasionally, YouTube is much bigger than just the USA! ,
This man is a living legend.
Dude! Got the perfect name for the blackhawk! BroFoce One! XD
Verbal exam 😂 not oral exam😂
🤣😂🤣 All the food it cost . 🧾
Teaching people to kill each other even in fantasy is NOT COOL ....    You know this...  Who do you think fly the predator drones in todays world?  Video game champions are recruited for this...  Why because...  Once you can get people killing people in a Metaverse aka fake reality, it is easier for some people to transision to killing real people real easy....  No a cool sponsor Heavy D..  Money is NOT everything...  Morals and principles are....
CFI, CFII, MEI here! You actually don’t need a type certificate for all multi engine aircraft. The FAA actually says you only need a type certificate for aircraft with a max take off weight of 12,500 pounds and all jets. Hope this helps
You can also wrap the Blackhawk correct? If you wanted and after you paint it of course.
Super cool another video thank you Heavy D and Diesel Dave cuz I know he'll be around summer in his cowboy boots in the shorts wait till winter comes I'm going to laugh
You got this bro 🔥💪🏼 Keep it up 🔥
Is it the same to get your helicopter license in Canada as the USA
Hell yea! Living the dream!
You got this man!! Absolutely love this channel! My brother is getting his commercial license to fly helicoptors down at Utah State! So it’s fun to see these videos!
Is there an ah1 in the future?
Robinson Choppers are the most crashed chopper made.  Why? Because they are the cheapest and easiest to obtain. . . . I won't get in one. LOL
I drop the line cause ik the video is going to be killer
Would love to watch video rn but got do school work
This is crazy man!
Sorry to here boss
You love black WHAT?!? 😂😅😊
If  you had simply moved to Afghanistan, the government would have given you one. LOL
Owning ANY turbine helicopter is both expensive and time consuming... best of luck to you getting through the process.  I know you'll do good things with this bird!
Choppers are rich rich rich rich guy stuff. . . . . Serious money to own and fly.
what :(
Way to go can't wait to see you flying your new toy I know you will be good in it just please be safe dare devil
More Black Hawk!!!!
Love the vids but I ordered some gear from y’all a month ago and still haven’t gotten it. I know their are supply chain problems but this is getting a bit ridiculous
Let's go double Ds
We live one and you deserve it have fun with your new toys
Funny sleepy Joe gave a bunch of these to the Taliban
Yes yes 👍
Who else crossfaded rn
I am the first comment
That’s how it’s done HEAVY D
Liking the video before you watch it because you know it’s already a great video 🤌🏼
Big fan brother gave me a shout out in your video 😭😭😭😭
Probably because they watch how you drive in the cleetus events
Earliest I have ever seen a video
I bet it was hard  but I hope you got it
You got this!!
First
first
Hello from Germany 👋👍
Heck ya  Blackhawk update 💯💯
Boom!!!
👍
I Really enjoy the black hawk videos. Keep up the work.
Absolutely love all your videos
Yooo keep up the great content
first queen
Hi
Needed this today. Thank you 😊
Yoooo sick
Hi from Dallas TX
Ahhhhhh
First
notification squad, Have a nice weekend!🔥🔥🔥
Yes
Hi
Receive an Amazing New Player Pack, only available for the next 30 days! Play Conflict of Nations for FREE on PC or Mobile: 💥 https://con.onelink.me/kZW6/HeavyDSparks
