Thanks for joining the watch party and following up with the breakdown.  See you all next week as we will witness Ahsoka in live action for the first time, together!! Have a great day, and may the force be with you!!
Late, but...Luke & Obi-Wan Easter egg. In the credits, there are matte paintings of the scenes. There's a street scene & in the distance is Luke (dressed in his Tatooine travel clothes) Obi-Wan to his left &  C3PO to Luke's far right. Didn't see R2D2 tho. So fun...
I know I'mate but a similar comment to my last. Cool af but PLEASENP SEQUEL RELATION. Snoke was a cool idea but ultimately was pretty bad and I can't stand the fact that we get all this cool stuff yet the empire comes back... Like man that just sucks. Instead of making ROTJ redundant the new republic should rise along with the new jedi order. Please let thr sequels die and be retconned
In this episode (s2e4) our protagonists have killed stormtroopers by the dozen, sometimes brutally. After that, they were smiling, cheering and congratulating each other. Stormtroopers are human beeings, too, are they not? Obviously, the life of another person (if enemy) means absolutely nothing to Cara Dune and Greef Karga. From my point of view they are emotionally blunted killers and not very likable characters. Maybe it's different from an American perspektive. From what I hear in the news owning firearms and shooting other people is not that unusual in the USA.
Ok,the prequels were hated until the clone wars series,the sequels are hated and I hope Mando will make the same think with the sequels as the clone wars did with the prequels,the sequels are loved from most of the people I think,but there is a really big hate,but we will see... Personally I love all 3 trilogies and I respect other people's opinion
Me: watching the video, and minding my buisness. Obi-wan: LIke the video  Me: YES MASTER
Midichlorian deniers!  unite!
Really going off topic here but; i find the word Mof so strange in star wars. I am dutch and the word mof is dutch slang for nazi's. Kinda fitting but also offputting  If you didn't know, now you know ^^ yw Edit; (i fell asleep during the last few minutes of this episode, i know shame on me) but Grogu pukes out the candy? But the frozen facehugger spiders are perfectly fine for consumption? Oke cool  noted xD
There was also some very notable Stormtroopers who succesfully blasted Mando
This is how all Star wars movies should be not that kid comedy shit they do now
Amazing videos! I love that you make all these videos that explain Star Wars. It’s very helpful.
Can you tell me where the scene at 6:11 is from?
Great so the show that saved Star Wars looks like snoke or palphatine will get the last laugh sorry to be negative but man
Haha you talk about the sequel trilogy as if it's Canon.  Don't forget to buy your milk sucking Luke Skywalker action figure before they "sell out".
0:45. Wait... Mando does show his face. In the last episode of season 1. IG-11 lifts his helmet after Mof Gideon blew up the place that Mando, baby yoda, Cara Dune, and Greef were trapped in.
this is the way
the directing wasn't great.  A lot of dull and cliched moments especially the dialogue. The humour and wit were a bit mistimed too.  its a shame as the special effects are great which is the usually the hardest part in tv series.  They really need to bring more depth into these little  stories otherwise they going to loose the momentum of the great first series and non star wars fantatics are going to stop watchin.
1:11 I actually thought this thing was Gunny from Star Wars: Squadrons (especially with the other new republic pilot in town), but I guess it’s just another of her race. I had never seen this race in any SW media until Squadrons, so I assumed Gunny was the last one of a dying race or they were really rare or something.
awesome
Those aren’t death troopers ?
Why did Din fail to inform Ahsoka of what the ex-Empire was doing in their labs, and their need for Grogu's blood?
I was wondering was Kamino and the Kaminoans destroyed? The reason i ask is because it seems like Palpatine, the former Empire and it's acolytes have trouble cloning even after have a massive army of clone troopers in the past.
îs "the force unleashed" even canon now?
thank u
Need more Carl Weathers in this show.
Honestly the lamest episode from season - everything is moving to new Star Wars trilogy style (And it's a worst direction) - Criminal syndicate is gone and now at that so called city living random bunch of people who just doing staff on this volcanic planet (Like you know people are criminals because they wanted to be them and so on, we can just stand on the streets and talk to each other). They even open the school - because why not to show how good they are - All charm of Star Wars criminal world just gone (Prequels now seems more serious and darker compered to this) - Mando from neutral became chaotic good - damn I even don't know from where he is taking money for repairs, if he doesn't do contracts (Considering from first season he wasn't too rich - it just would be more interesting to see how he take contracts, just to earn money to continue the journey) - Is Empire a threat? They just killed whole army on they own base?! And no consequences. (At first season stormtrooper battalion with criminal syndicate kills all mandalorians in city and almost kill Mando). You felt a threat from empire at first season - What about Falcons? They are some kind of police now? In Star Wars? What? I just want to say guys what Mandalorian becomes less and less unique with each episode, and presenting characters from clone wars instead of creating new ones made Mandalorian world even smaller. It's like instead of expanding universe with new ideas we just try to meld Mandalorian with already established stories. I just say what potential of showing Star Wars criminal worlds start to fade. Baby Yoda it seems is added not to develop Mando as character, but as cute fan service merchandise. Honestly last 3 episodes did nothing to character or story development....
I like this show but am bothered at how the protagonists commit mass killings with no reservations, and sometimes when it's not necessary and even to the point where they enjoy.   For example, Cara Dune could have brought some of her deputies and arrested the Walrus Men but instead went in there with the full intent to killing them...for stealing.  Then when they made their plans to attack the base, the full intent was to kill everyone there, which they did. And a couple times they whooped it up after killing biker troops.  Sorry to sound that way, but I like my protagonists to have some sort of virtue beyond starting a grade school.
I’m calling it. I’m making a prediction. Cara is Kanan Dume’s sister.
Sebastian Stan for Luke's clone ?
Spoilers are is not the jedi way
I think they are not shadow trooper i think they are phase 2 dark troopers witch are in the mobile game star wars commander
This episode only MIGHT be steering towards the events of The Disney Sequel Trilogy. It's equally possible that it might be steering AWAY from the Disney Sequel Trilogy and is on the road to decanonize them.  The bodies in the lab certainly LOOKED like Snoke, and were likely early attempts to genetically engineer him. HOWEVER, Mando, Cara Dune, and the others DESTROYED that facility and killed everyone working there. Which means that Snoke wasn't engineered in THAT lab. Also, in order for The Empire to successfully engineer Snoke, they're going to have to kill off Baby Yoda. Now Disney has stupidly destroyed every marketable character from the original trilogy in order to push Darth Kennedy's gender politics. I highly doubt that they will go out of their way to kill off the ONE AND ONLY MARKETABLE CHARACTER that they had created since they took over the franchise.   Which means that if Favreau and Filoni choose to have Mando & Baby Yoda destroy The First Order before it ever becomes The First Order,  then that is STILL a very strong possibility.
The creature that fixes Mando's ship is a species native to Mimban fro Solo a Star Wars story I know it because of Star Wars Squadrons because a pilot is the same species and she tells stories
How could we see boba-fet when he already died in episode 6?  Was that not HIS armor worn on the marshall, found by the jawas ON TATOOINE (where boba-fet died?)
#NaldoOsricDavenport
Dat was snoke n da lab
Remember when in the 70s and 80s you didnt need 100 side projects to make your 3 main movies make sense?
I haven't watched you for so long but I love mando
Season 2 so far imo is pretty subpar in comparison to the first, The formula for Each episode feels pretty much the same and so far the plot advancing is getting a little bit tiresomeas it struggling to find it's a real purpose.halfway through the season already. It's still fun but it feels like it probably needs to have more time to breathe with its characters and their development.
SPOILER WARNING- Finally caught up fully on the series and can't wait until tomorrow's episode!! So many references, from KOTOR, to Jedi Knight series, to prequels, originals, sequels, it's just a giant explosion of fan service! I am  pretty confident we'll eventually see Boba which will be so exciting since we haven't seen him since RotJ and also Sabine, it just has to happen since we're getting close to Ahsoka, and since Sabine took off with her in the Rebels finale to search for Ezra that makes me think we'll see him or at least get some kind of reference.
This was definitely my favorite episode by far.
2:07 bro that’s a girl I think
Amazing video! How can I join these watch parties?
Dave Filoni will be directing and writing Episode 5, so Ahsoka should be in the next episode.
I kinda wish they'd dropped the midichlorians stuff. But I can handle the "M-count" crap if it was just their way of brushing it off forever.
If YouTube actually starts putting ads on non-monetized videos by creators who never asked for them, that just goes to show how greedy this corporation can be. This thought is disgusting. YouTube is essentially making free money off small channels and not paying them a single penny. Yes, these are small channels, but since there's so many of them, YouTube will still make a huge profit off of this new policy. I don't care if YouTube hates us now, it must be said by someone. I urge to our subscribers that we spread the message to all creators, and urge YouTube to immediately repeal this new policy.  - Father
A bit of a casual sw watcher aren‘t we? In combination with the cliffhanger, it meant the darktroopers‘ return.  Not some sequel bullshit. This series has dignity.
I'm pretty sure the alien spy who fixed the razorcrest was a young Ochi Of Bestoon
It blows my mind how effectively The Mandalorian is able to capture the nostalgic aesthetic of the original trilogy but keeps it an interesting and genuinely different story. It just shows how they could’ve handled the new trilogy vs how they actually handled it.
I was up for the part of "blue jeans guy" in this weeks episode but i lost out on the part to the other guy. He was able to just stand there lurking bts better than i was i suppose.. but nbd my agent called me with a herpes medication commercial so hey im not salty about it! im gonna be the face of herpes and he got to be in star wars. Lucky b*stard. Oh im so jelly.. but hey i get to be the new face of genital herpes! 🤣☠👻
And the effin DARK TROOPER reveal via close captioning was freaking huge as well!
I am so freaking excited for next weeks episode.. sooo many payoffs coming to fruition. Obviously the big one we're all anticipating is Ahsoka Tanos live action reveal and thats definitely the big one but i meant more like now that theres a tracking device on the Razor Crest courtesy of the jerk at the end of epi 4.. so theoretically Moff Gideon could arrive 5 mins after Din and the child so Din will do the hard work of sniffing out Ahsokas location amd Moff will swoop in at the perfect time like hes done repeatedly already and round up two birds with one stone.. hopefully Bo Katan Kryze shows up again too! Din and company could deffo use the firepower for backup however i don't think this is very likely to occur.. otherwise, Bo Katan would have just taken them to Ahsoka to begin with. She was able to save his bacon a few times when he was on the same planet as her but i doubt she shows up now unless Ahsoka contacts her somehow as soon as Din arrives. I think the First Order is on the rise as well as the Sith Eternal, aka papa palpatines crazy creepy culty group thats always lurking behind the scenes in the shadows waiting, watching, plotting and cloning? Yes deffo cloning, gotta get papa palpatine a gucci new ride to pimp around in.
I did not realize that was snoke o_o
NAMED 'THE CHLID'' COMONN
I wish this show was better. Kinda meh. But I still watch it.....
I don't like the 2nd season. The first 4 episodes are almost completely stolen from other movies...  The spiders and the eggs in this ice cave is from ALIEN. Baby Yoda trying to fix the hyperdrive is almost 1to1 copy from MCU/Guardians of the Galaxy 2 where Rocket tries to show baby groot how to detonate the bomb in the planet. He is always flying from point A to B to do generic sh*t in generic places with generic dialogues. Its so repetitive like the Walking Dead.
I love how he says baby Yoda instead of The Child.          Because it’s Baby Yoda god dammit !
It cracks me up when you get dramatic.
you will be rewarded the new era feels like a mortal kombat 11 refrence, its like the main driving plot in the game
more action and less baby yoda!!!!
Kara dun sure got fat
Dune does have a resemblance to a young Carrie Fisher ngl, I could see her being Leia’s step sister, maybe a little step sister though?
What?!?! you didn't notice that the alien that planted the tracking device on the razorcrest is a near spitting match for Ochi from Bestoon? You missed the most obvious direct tie in to the third series so far in the Mandalorian saga. Un-Freaking believable.
Am I the only one who thought the people in the tubes were another failed project black wing?
I don’t want Mando to take his helmet off
Also the fact that they’re tracking the razor crest and not concerned about the ship jumping to hyperspace implies that they already have access to at least a prototype of a device that will track a ship through hyperspace, in theory.
Something tells me mace windu may return... it makes sense in that he’ll get a proper death to boba fett in getting revenge for his dad jango fett. Plus he probably didn’t die to that fall from palpatine
I have rewatched the whole Mandalorian s02 from e01- to 04 . And I tell you guys, there are no filler episodes if you consider the whole 4 parts we've seen (so far) as one film.  It has the "waving" right,  so one episode is giving us hints and slower pace, but bulding to the "explosion" of the next chapter. I feels like a whole movie. A moovie that we all waited for a long time.  A moovie that's whole better than the sequels together! (RIP Reylo-Nobody-Palpatine-Skywalker!) I strongly suggest to do the same! - Find some time 4 it!  (C'mon you too have the chapters dowloaded already on your winchester, dont you?)  - And BTW the music is AMAZING, Thanx to Göran Ludvigsson for the whole stuff! So try it... I have spoken. THIS IS THE WAY!
man like mr kim innit
I think I speak for most real fans when I say: PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE don’t connect to the “sequel trilogy”! We all have to be united, consistent, and clear on insisting and demanding this!
I'm gonna be the unpopular comment here and say this, remember how TLJ trailers went down back in 2017? We all built our hopes up and had all those expectations and Luke was even telling us all the long -"this is not going to go the way you think!" And none of us saw it at the time, we were just all so damned obsessed with trying to connect the obvious.
Love these breakdowns!
The CG in the chase scene is noticeable but very forgivable
The sequels surely wouldn't suck if Dave Filoni and John Favreau made them
I don't want Mando to show his face. I like the added mythos
Such a sick vid
So the being that the know of that has the highest M count would be Luke. They don’t really know who Leia really is. I know it would be some expensive cgi but they’d going after Luke would be awesome.
Watch this episode and go to 18:53 and you will see this guy that thought he was off the scene on the left side of the screen. It’s true try it
What did captain tarva give Cara at the end?
The volunteer can’t be Moth Giddean. The recording talking about the volunteer was sent to Moth Gideean
One day this kind of story will make the sequel trilogy look a little better
Got a feeling they’re gonna kill off baby yoda
Dis is da weh
This is the way
Where is this scene from? 6:08 to 6:20
That's all great but the episodes are full of references that it's becoming annoying. Just make new moments instead of referencing things. Kenner toys, Voice lines taken from ep IV (specifically "Alright men, load your weapons. There they are, blast them!" from Stormtroopers which exit the elevator to shoot at the main characters when they're escaping the base), characters, cameos... It's like they're saying to your face "LOOK GUYS WE KNOW STAR WARS, REMEMBER THIS?".
Did anyone else notice 'The March of the Resistance' softly playing towards the end?
Love your content bro but god the ads.
Why the hell are we talking about Snoke again... nobody cares.
They're dark troopers not shadow troopers
Anything about the medalion that the x-wing pilot latest down I know it means something but I can't figure it out
I really like how formulaic the show is.
I knew I heard Snoke’s theme, this actually makes the reveal snoke was clone actually not too bad but a cool idea
I know Mando gotta be sick of going on all these side missions. Bet he cant wait to get back to the main story
If they connect the Shequels to the Mandalorian. It will only hurt the show.
Can anyone tell me why this episode was so good besides the hints they gave? I’m sorry but that Gina carano girl sucks so bad at acting. Killing off stormtroopers like it’s nothing. Felt like the whole episode was for 7 year olds. Cheesiest episode to date imo
Hi you doing amazing job I  have a question for you do you think Ahsoka Tano and  Sabine wren would mention to Lando about Ezra Bridger in Thrawn ?
They are building up the story big time. I was surprised to see an imperial cruiser. Even more when i saw those enhanced dark troopers in the room with Moff Gideon. This is going somewhere big. Almost feels like i'm watching an actual movie.
So it takes Jon Favreau to fill in the giant plot hole that both Abrams and Johnson couldn't.  Snoke and the First Order could have been explained in 5 to 10 mins flashback (or just a simple explanation) in any of the 3 different feature films.
I keep asking myself one thing, if the dark troopers are so strong, like the ultimate level of troopers, why the first order did not use them?
I Hope they either Make Star Wars Shadows of the Empire Cannon or they Bring Elements and Characters of Shadows of the Empire and make them Cannon, but I Would prefer Disney make Shadows of the Empire Completely Cannon because it's my Favorite Star Wars Game and there is nothing in the Cannon Preventing them to do so.
I really hope that the Mandalorian doesn’t go too deep into the sequel trilogy. The sequels have too many bad things going on right now, and I don’t want it to drag the Mandalorian down with it.
I’m contemplating watching this because I haven’t seen this episode and won’t be able to because I can’t afford Disney plus anymore
Did anyone else get Jedi Outcast vibes when they went to that outpost?
i was a man who watched every  episode to find an answer
The first thing that came to my mind when the episode ended is: “Mando is leading them straight toward a Jedi...”
I got mine pirated  because it not released in the UK
Moff Gideon (with dark lightsaber) + dark troopers (or what ever they are) + imperial troopers + imperial cruiser + fighters vs Ashoka Tano + Mando + Bo-Katan and her mandalorians + new republic fighters/bombers and maybe corelian corvete + maybe mandalorian clan from first season. So we may see battle on ground and in the space!
For some reason I thought it was armour for the inferno squad because that was around that time
I always feel that this channel reaches to connect things, especially old school, non-canon EU/Legends stuff, ignoring what is said within the episodes.   First, Rise of Skywalker, lacking in content as it was and all supplemental information stated that the Sith cultists produced the clones of Snoke and Palpatine, not the Empire/First Order.  The First Order didn't even know about Palpatine.  So, with what was said in the Mando episode - these are volunteers and injected (stated by the exposition from the hologram in the actual episode), not clones....those looks like bacta tubes, not cloning tubes from RoS.  Just saying, this falls WAY more in line with the Reborn from Jedi Outcast and the Dark Troopers.  Stormtroopers that have volunteered to be "enhanced" and would lead to someone like Moff Gideon wanting to be enhanced with the midicolorians, i.e. him becoming more powerful.
This episode wasnt cool ...it was rushed ..poorly directed, written and the acting is stale... The effects are awful ...compared to Discovery .. this is 3rd rate and it's only because it's got a Star Wars connection, I even watch it ..
Please don't use spoilerrelated pictures in the cover photo, I can't bare accidently opening youtube and see one of your breakdowns before I've seen an episode, keep up the great work though!!
I’m getting the littlest hobbo vibes from this season.
Directed by apollo creed himself. This episode felt soo much like Star Wars. Well done.
here at 666k views
i had a feeling thats how snoke was born when they mentioned they were kidnapping kids with M-Cells to infuse into the "subject" lol. Also, its no wonder force sensitives were dying off one by one. These btches were kidnapping children who had even a small M-Cell count and killed them off/used for experimentation.
It was SUCH a good episode. Cant wait for more.
Bro this thing looks nothing like snoke and the music os just low humming if they really try to connect this great show into those trash sequels well there goes the show
Lel, I wonder when people get stupid enough to need youtube videos to explain even tv series for them.
I have some hope that if it indeed is cloning Palpatine that is the reason for the Empire to hunt the child, the Empire will not succeed in doing so.  I want this to be one giant ‘screw the audience’ (or bless the audience, really) where they hint that all of this will tie into the sequel trilogy with Snoke and Palpatine’s return; that the conclusion of the Mandalorian in season 3 or 4 shows the child recaptured by the Empire and meant to be used in a plan to resurrect Palpatine – but then, last minute, Mando and all the other characters we follow (Ahsoka, Bo Katan, maybe Luke) will rescue the child and destroy the last remnants of the Empire and Palpatine’s last hope of returning.  Think about how great a twist that would actually be: The fans who care about Star Wars despise the sequel trilogy with all their heart and seeing the Mandalorian retconning it within its storyline would be the best twist in Star Wars since ‘No, I am your father’.   Then the sequels will be nothing more than a ‘What if’ scenario if Mando and friends fails to protect and save the child. The perfect ending to the series, especially since EVERYBODY will expect it to play out differently by then.   Of course I know this won’t happen... those who know what Star Wars needs sadly aren’t the ones in charge.
Theory: I think the show is trying to elude to the idea that the facility was trying to successfully clone a force sensitive for Palpatine and it was under the control of Palpatine. It probably was once under Palps control pre - ROTJ.  It is a red herring. in this time period it has been converted to what I believe to be a clone project of the remnant Empire under the order of Gideon/Those higher ranked we have not seen. The Emperor is in the shadows as always. Allowing others to do his work through his careful planning and manipulation. Only a small few know he lives. Gideon wants to create a force sensitive army or his own "Vader"/enforcer. We may find that later down the line, Palps simply uses the leftover clones for his use as Snoke. Thus making Snoke a desperate last ditch effort kinda like he seemed in the sequel trilogy. This allows the show to work around the sequels and kind of in a round about way add back story. Just a Theory!
Gina Carano can't act for shit and it was on full display in this episode.
https://www.indiewire.com/2020/11/gina-carano-mandalorian-petition-fire-star-wars-actress-1234600149/ again seems like every single ep this season there trying to cancel something
3:00 that was exactly what I was thinking aswell, especially the troops at the end looked like Shadow Troopers, sans the green Force Crystal.
This was the worst episode, the suspension of disbelief had me realizing that there was zero danger to the characters at all times even when being shot or suiciding off a ledge noise diving a hover vehicle.
I like the episode, I just detest that they are already trying to shoehorn in the horrific sequel trilogy. For some reason I was hoping that they would just ignore it.
I have a feeling that Timon (from live action version of the Lion King - Favereau) inspired the idea for the Marshall's little pet.
Actually that alien looks like ochi especially in the hologram at the end
Pissed they are trying to possibly tie in elements of the sequel trilogy. Just leave it all alone.
As soon as I get a solid hint that the sequels will not be erased by this show I will drop it so fast.. together with any hope for the future.
Who other than me just got Disney + for a month but my dad and me are big fans of Star Wars so we extended our time having it until we watch everything Star Wars!
You have saw boba fett in chapters 10
Is the girl who talked to Moff Gideon a younger Jaden Irso????
Troopers at the end looks badass like Darth Vader
Coming soon to a super market near you- Mandaloon Cookies
I feel like with the Ahsoka episode, they are going to go to her last known location and find it deserted, then do some whacky adventure with throwbacks to the films and such, then maybe find her in the next episode after, or some sort of shrine of her for some reason. Unless of course shes already actually going to be in this episode!
You gotta tone down the dramatic voice, kinda cringy bro
I like the show but what bothers me a little is how incompetent the empire is. Hundreds of stormtroopers, deathtroopers, scouts, tanks, air support and they literally stand no chance against 3 people. At this point I wouldn't be surprised if Mando would take on a star destroyer 1vs1 and win.
So having an M count in your blood is what allows things to control the force
Hope they don't waste the series on explaining the sequels too much since life is way easier pretending these garbage movies never happened and I don't want Mando to be part of it
Fans: How can Star Wars ever be cool again? Favreau: This is the way.
Just noticed on the  new  Cara Dune Funko Pop she’s wearing the badge
Thinking about it now I’ve watched this, I have a feeling that the dark troopers near the end will be used to track and fight Mando, and unfortunately mando will lead Giddian to ahsoka and she maybe captured with or instead of the child...
Before baby Yoda BBY Is not a thing ace
I like Star Trek.
Could the volunteer be boba fett
That’s cool I didn’t notice that the imperial base was that similar to the the base on Jedi knight 2 : Jedi outcast. That game is awesome and I just replayed it on Nintendo switch!!!
Was that woman officer iden virsio from battlefront 2 story? Or is my timeline off
it is jus called Nevarro..not Nevarro VII..youre getting it confused with Arvala VII, the planet with the mudhorn and home of Kuill
I doubt that Mandalorian will do something as big as Snoke. These will probably be some sort of force sensitive supersoldiers (descriptive audio says that these are Dark Troopers). If Moff Gideon became force sensitive and led unit of force sensitive soldiers, they would be faster, stronger and deadlier, even without lightsabers.
Master Yoda was a senile frog baboon...who couldnt even form proper sentences anymore...he should have long retired from his jedi duties eons ago
Am really enjoying these Star Wars episodes of The Madalorian 👍😀
Star wars suits tv better. Change my mind
Mmmm! Blue Oreos.
Fun fact, the actual descriptive audio for the show confirms they are dark troopers and NOT shadow troopers
This has made me think of a further theory...  So we learned in this episode that the new Empire is trying to create force users essentially and that they want the Child's blood to do so. I think that Snoke and eventually a cloned Palpatine that we saw in TRoS is the end result that was years in the making. But how do they finally get their success if the scientist was only able to get a little of The Child's blood without risking killing him? For one, the scientist probably wanted to be sure that their unwilling donor would be able to survive and not fully into this whole series of experiments; not wanting to take extreme risks. Plus, The Child is still very young for his species and not mature enough for things like this.   To be able to have success, they need a large amount of blood from a powerful force user. We know that Mando is on his way to finding Ahsoka Tano. We know that the Razor Crest now has an empire tracking beacon on it. And we know that Ahsoka had died at some point before the events of the Sequel trilogy... What if Ahsoka ends up being the key?!   Think about it! She's quite a powerful force user who also was revived by the essence of the Daughter! She would end up having the potential that the Empire is seeking! And Mando would accidentally lead Moff Gideon directly to her, eventually leaving her to her fate...  As much as I would hate to lose such a beloved Star Wars character, I think bringing Ahsoka into this show, may end up showing her eventual demise. When that time comes, I hope that she would only be able to be taken down after a tremendous fight as the grand warrior that she is.
1:42 I didn't realize the creature breathes fire! It reminds me of a ferett. I guess you could call it a "fire ferett". 😁
Anyone else find this show dull? Mando runs errand, ship breaks down, gods baby does something cute, last 30secs tease.
I bet they have an infinity war style Meetup at the end with all the characters from this season, final battle
This is probably a stupid question but why was Gideon wearing a suit that looked very similar to Vader’s?
This is just a guess but maybe this series could tie with the sequel trilogy because Rey could have been the product of these lab experiments since we know she's related to Palpatine and can use the Force. Plus, the Mandolorian takes place in 9 ABY and when Rey is first introduced in The Force Awakens around 34 ABY, she is 19 years old, which would mean she was born around 15 ABY. Maybe Mando or someone took her when she was born to hide on Jakku from Palpatine. I could be wrong, but just my opinion LOL.
I forgot about Luke’s arm but I figured it was blown up with the death start 🤷🏼‍♂️
I love how Disney always refuses to acknowledge Legends but they throw in stuff from it. It’s totally not FRUSTRATING in basically in every sense of the word
Yo anyone know if Darth maul is making a cameo?
Is it possible Palpatine used the force *for* snoke, making the supreme leader seem force sensitive?
Happy fuck up lol  tan would bin old
Lets hope this path does not go into the Ray and Kylo Universe... Hoping this goes more the way to Luke, Mara Jade, and Solo Twins etc... The Sequels where a big let down... And that plot line sucked ass...
This show is very repetitive. Let me guess what happens on the next episode. Mando arrives on planet. He is suckered in to help with a problem. Probably a monster in a cave. Flies around for a bit and shoots some baddies. Xena warrior princess might show up and do her leg flippy move on some baddies. Baby Yoda steals food (because that joke never gets old) The problem is solved and they fly off to next planet to do it all over again.
Man! the only thing I hate about the this show is that episodes are shorter and they make us wait for the next episodes.. I mean I want more!!
He really made sure to enunciate sects 😂😂
Sorry if a dumb question, but how long is The Mandolorian set after the fall of the empire?
Snoke has the child’s blood? Damn
Anyone else notice that when in the classroom the teacher said that the new captial of the New Republic was on Chandrila! Turn on captions. 😀
I love mando, but i really wish the empire was still threatening. I'm tired of stormtroopers being incompetent. They take 5 shots and miss everyone, and the main characters take one and kill 2 stormtroopers. Other than that, the show is truly amazing
second season episodes suck ass, just crap and we're only getting 30 min episodes wtf!
Honestly I hope the clone is snoke, we need more story for that guy
Dark Troopers arent JUST droids.  Phase 1's were droids. Phase 2-3 were exoskeletons. You should know this
I hope he doesn’t go against his code and take his helmet off. I like how he is and it feels like he is a more strict/true mandalorian. Like real life religions e.g. catholics vs Protestant
Ok. I don't know if someone mentioned it or the story changed. If you go back to the clone wars Ahsoka was a youngling. At this time line in Mandalorian the jedi order except Yoda were not even born yet. So at this time in Mandalorian Yoda was 50 years old. He lived to be over 700 years old. So unless her great..great...great grandma was cloned. Ahsoka wasn't even born yet. I don't know maybe I missed something.
Man literally stole emergency awesomes thumbnail
Luke is the chose one.
What was that Resistance emblem  the cop gave to Cara? Why and what's it for?
What was that Resistance emblem that the cop gave to Cara? Why and what's its meaning ?
Can this series sink any lower?
Baby Yoda is truly a young Yoda, or Yoda’s offspring?
Disney: We need a great director, what qualifies you to give us an amazing Mandolorian series?  Jon Favreau: I directed Iron Man Disney: You're hired!
Stay away.... Stay away as far from the sequel trilogy as you can. Please Mandalorian, I beg you.
So people are complaining this show is going to improve the stories and lore from the sequel trilogy, even though Clone Wars did the same for the prequel trilogy? Star Wars fans just hate everything.
https://youtu.be/XbNrJc0Dd00
Who is the man wearing jeans???
Baby Yoda blue his cookies. 😉🤣
I really liked this episode, the whole season has been great
I think a what it qui gon was able to free Anakin and his Mom would be interesting
Does anyone know how much time has passed from season 1 ep1 to now season 2 ep4? Just wondering.
Just imagine how epic an appearance of Kyle Katarn could be...
Oh... Now Disney Star Wars fans are very precise to mention the stories of old are just Legends, right? But seems to me that are forgetting their own canonized expanded universe. This is not about us vs them or anything. I apologize. But isn't it in the new canon that the red color of the lightsabers are due to the wielder being a Sith? Please, correct me if I'm wrong. I remember reading this online and my face still hurts from all the slaps... Jedi uses blue lightsaber, jedi turns to the dark side and the lightsaber turns red... Come on... That IS stupid. Okay, on with the rest of the video. Oh, I left a like. After all I chose to watch your video. It's very good, Sir.
How cute was baby yoda tho 😭
I'm pretty sure the woman who notified Moff Gideon is ultimately Agent Tierny! Crazy?
Great video! Thank you.
If this links into the sequel trash, I’m done!
I hope the empire doesnt transition into The first order in the show. I really dislike that era alot.
Love your vids. Look forward to you posting.   With regards to the breakdowns, they're mostly re-tells. I usually watch each episode at least twice (sometimes 4-5 times). Would rather hear you do more breaking down than retelling. And, the voice, what is that? Lol.   Luv ya. Awesome job. Looking forward....
This season has been such a disappointment there is no agency or tension in any episode so far and in fact if you take mando out of any of the episodes the result/outcome would be the same. Instead of him being the protagonist he is mere window dressing. The episode where they strap a bomb to an animal to feed the giant worm, they didn’t need him for that. And why would 3 mandos need another mando to help hijack a cargo ship when they have been routinely hijacking cargo ships for a while? The weekly storylines are sooooo weak this season it’s unreal, the steaks are equal to a Saturday morning cartoon. This season is terrible
I’m assuming $11.99 blue macaroons will be available in Disneyland soon. And yes, after you buy them they will be fake “blue raspberry” just as you suspected at which point you give your girlfriend the rest as you don’t really want them and also don’t want to waste them.
At the end of S2 Ep 1 that guy at the end was boba’s actor
Mention of sorting out things on the outer rim which even the Empire couldn't sort out as well. Interesting reference
@Star Wars Theory Watch this episode again with descriptive audio, you'll hear that they were actually confirmed to be DARK TROOPERS. This is amazing!
Thanks for explaining the whole force-sensitive clone thing. I was unsure whether to think they were Palpatine clones or Snoke, but I really like the idea that they're shadow troopers and I hope that's the direction the show takes it.
If u are guessing how Ahsoka will look like in the new season, well here is my version: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aBTxViy_kLQ
Ahsoka is going to die in this show possibly even in the next episode/ first appearance.
Best episode yet! Directed by Carl Weathers. What an eye. Absolute classic Star Wars
I feel like the mandolorian will end up with the dark saber
The Asian Republic guy is a guy part of the 501st legion fan cos play thing , he got to make an appearnce
every episode has had the exact same structure so far and it’s getting bland. Mando needs something, he goes and meets an iconic character or reference, they need a side quest from him, he does it, he gets the stuff, and he leaves
I enjoy it but I worry. I dont want Mandalorian tainted with prequels and sequels. Hopefully this is just a failed emperor clone plot. And that is enough. An attempt and failure. Just enough to hint at those other films but not enough to confirm involvement.
Why does Moff Gideon wear a suit like Vader. Is he also part machine from war injury?
I need a full history of this show. I have no idea what’s going on
Boba Fett is the subject.
Could Keira be related to Kanan from rebels as they have the same surname
Ashoka will appear at the end of season two. The Mandalorian will approach her at the top of a hill and he'll hand over the child to her then on season three episode 1, she takes the child and throws him over her shoulder.
I absolutely loved this episode! I felt like I was watching old Star Wars. It was a perfect episode. Good on Carl Weathers for directing this. He needs to direct more. I can’t wait for next week. I also really, really hope we see Boba Fett come back. Everyone does! Please let that happen and in this season.
I hope they clone Jar Jar
The troops are called death troopers
Hey great video, I have now gone back and watched your previous Mandalorian reviews for the season.  I’ve video I would love to see made is a 101 on Asoka. I never watched clone wars so I am at a loss to her backstory. If you already have one I apologize as I didn’t see it in your video catalog. Thanks for the videos, keep up the good work
The failed clones look like future templates for Snoke/Palpatine but Moff Gideon himself seems way more like a Vader fan boy. I bet he’s trying to make those troops like pseudo-Vader’s using Baby Yoda’s DNA  Edit: to clarify, I think that Baby Yodas dna might be the template for snoke/palpatine diwn the line but that’s not what Moff Gideon is trying to doz
Dude fuck all the way off with these thumbnails. At least give it a week, some of us have shit to do on weekends and catch catch up.
I believe they have covered all the trailer footage in the last 4 chapters. Everything from this point on will be new?!
5 repeated things in the Mandalorian that are getting old: 1.) Mando's ship keeps needing repairs 2.) Mando easily trusts anyone who can lead him where he wants to go 3.) Attackers of our protagonists are all useless in combat unless they are giant monsters. Even death troopers couldn't do jackshit. And they are the elite clone troopers! 4.) Short Episodes.... why? Scenes jump around and it doesn't feel fluid and natural. 5.) Too many filler episodes when we only have like 8 episodes per season.
That creature that put the tracking beacon looked like a mimbanese  It's cool that the new aliens are getting more light
He has already taken off his helmet in the first season, I dont think its a big deal if he lifts it to drink soup
That was a really good breakdown.  Best one I’ve seen yet. 👏  Made a lot of sense, I’m glad I watched.
What was the medal given to Cara Dune by Blue. Looks awesome I want one
Um well when you see the dark troopers you can see what I believe to be something related to dry ice smoke on the ground maybe they are hibernating or it’s just smoke to make it more ominous
I was hoping they would stay away from the Kathleen Kennedy fan films.
i dont if any one else saw that but when they infiltrate the base and come up on the 2 centry holding the playstation controls look closely on the left side   a film crew figured he would do a good extra with his t-shirt and jeans  at 18.54 in the episode
I wonder what Luke is doing this entire time. Like we are diving into some serious force sensitive territory and Luke has to know about this about one point because its literally what he’s searching for.
This was an excellent retcon. "Vaporizing" Snoke at this point efficiently decanonized the sequel trilogy, (well, having the already dead Palpatine as the villain kind of already did that) and incorporating elements from the real EU will help the franchise get back on track.  Snokes just aren't very scary. Sure, they look menacing, but they always die like five seconds after they're introduced. That's why the toy is best known for being $0.75 on the clearance rack of Walmart, where they just sat collecting dust before being yeeted into the compactor. The ATST with the red windows was even a better villain.
I just finished it a little while ago theory I would’ve watched it on Friday but I was sick no worries feeling a lot better and oh my let me say definitely the best episode!!! Yet. I enjoyed it so much it was so good. Can’t wait for next week. May the force be with you my man
Star Wars Theory  I believe Moff Gideon is based off the Moff Cyclops from Legends that pretended to be a Sith and Palpatine's son. He used electricity to simulate force lightning. I believe Gideon wants to become a Sith Lord and is using Baby Yoda's DNA to make him force sensitive. This could also explain why Gideon openly uses it like he is force sensitive but everyone knows that he isn't.
woah
The base even looks similar to the 1st stage in one of the jedi knight game.
This Chapter really felt like the “Star Wars” a lot of us have been craving!
I like this show, but the main characters not getting shot is dumb and its cringeworthy when an army of stormtroopers cant hit them. Yes I know mando gets hit probably 10 times, which is good for realism, but the other side characters...
Only Filoni or Favreau can successfully link the Disney sequels to the rest of the universe without completely botching it
I feel like Moff Gideon is following grand admiral Thrawn.
Good review but what are you talking about an empire/1st order mix of a uniform for the comms officer near the end? It's clearly an imperial Lt. uniform w/sidearm.
Dang I was really hoping this would lead to a new sequel trilogy and the current train wreck would be decannonized
ayyy glad i wan't the only one reminded of jedi knight 2
Things to make note of....Gallus Rax had performed a Sith ritual before he seemingly perished in Aftermath. But as many speculated back when we first met Snoke....It was actually Rax. Palpatine raised Rax and mentored him in many ways. The distortion of Snokes body can be seen as the damage done to Rax in his thought demise. Snoke is the right height and bares the markings in two areas that we were told Sloane had made with a blaster. The mention of "doubting to find another donor with a higher M count" definitely makes us fear that Ahsoka may become a target. If Sabine is not with her, it can be suspect and give credence that they already have located Ezra. Is this how Ahsoka is ended? Hmmmm....honestly doubtful. As although we heard Ahsoka guide Rey, Dave F. never gave an answer. If we are to assume that the goal is to have a supply of high M count donor blood then it would mean keeping the donor alive. The Rise Of Skywalker may of not been the best translation in Star Wars story telling....but it has given us a gracious amount of questions and story to drive SW forward. From goDisney stated they wanted to bring a close to the Skywalker saga and take SW to future generations with their characters, their stories. Then announcing two very important items. The new trilogy and Star Wars Rebels. Coincidence? Doubtful. Again the conflict of how the new trilogy was told has little to do with what was actually trying to be said. Rey is told shes the "granddaughter" of Palpatine. Uh....sure....from a certain point of view. Is she really the force sensitive child of a clone? Or presented as such to keep her alive. I mean come on this is the same girl who holds a Sith dagger and can sense how much evil it had done, yet says nothing about the lightsaber she holds that sliced and diced younglings. So we cant really trust the memories of a child who has been on a path of manipulation and survival. How does this connect to Rebels you ask? Specifically Ezra? Well....as far as the comments made by Disney in going forward with their stories and characters, we have had a constant connection made with mandos and characters from Rebels. From finding out Hera was there and important to the victory of Endor to seeing the Ghost in the battle of Exegol. Now we have Rebels story threads tying in The Mandalorian.....hmmmm. We may yet have a few truths revealed to us thusly course correcting what the new trilogy had left us thinking and feeling. The bond between Ezra and Sabine is very strong. They both were high value targets for the Empire. It could be assumed that if they indeed did have a child...it would be in danger and sought after due to its combined bloodline and heritage. So from a certain point of view all things can be true....however the story may yet reveal the events of fact that allow such things to remain questions. Trust in the Force.
Here is my theory:    If we assume that the child has the same M-Count as Yoda (Anakin had a higher M-Count than Yoda as a child, so we can assume its doesn't change while growing older), and we further assume that Yoda is the strongest force user in the franchise, then there is only one character who needs a higher M-Count to be cloned. Seeing as that one character has an apprentice which is to appear in the series, namely Ahsoka, and that the actor who portrays him in the prequel trilogy, namely Hayden Christensen, is at an age where he can play him as an older version (which fits the asthetics of the timeline better) I conclude that the clone might be neither Snoke nor Luke, but Anakin himself. Would fit the Ahsoka Arc and bring a satisfying end to her story.
I'm very pleased with the amount of screen time The Child gets. Love him!
Please don’t say baby yoda any name part from baby yoda please I beg you 🤢🤢
Id rather have Gideon trying to make force sensitive elite troopers than stuff with Snoke
Very well, this is an excellent one. Why not consider lasting for half an hour or even more? Well, there's a simple collection of tricks, straightforward exercises and simple steps that you can use to have her just crazy and moaning with profound delight. For more, just search for Greyzar Drinbo's homepage.
Pretty much they made mandalorian show to fix the newer Star Wars fuck up aka palpatine
I'm 99% sure that the android teacher is voiced by sophie turner from GOT. Go back and listen to it.
I don't like the fact that they are continuing the mandolorian to the sequel trilogy
Cara Dune: *appears* Twitter: *REEEEEEEEEEEEE*
whats that shield the captain gave to the lady?
I have to say I'm disappointed with your 'Full episode breakdowns'. It's more of a audio recap of what happened with very little easter egg or episode breakdown. So many other channels do it better. Its disappointing for the main star wars channel to be outclassed by randos
Congrats on getting on the trending page!
Its just "Navarro" you're getting it and "Arvala-7" mixed up.
Wasn’t a huge fan of this episode
Wait a min I thought mike zero said that Star Wars is being rebooted 🤣🤷🏽‍♂️
Isn’t the base the same type as the base on Edu?
It really pisses me off, that not a singe thing was achived by the Stormtroopers in the entire episode. They are nothing but placeholders. This is just fucking boring. There was never a threat and its pathetic that they try to suggest that they pose some kind of threat. MAKE STORMTROOPERS GREAT AGAIN.
What are your guys’ opinions on the officer at the end being Admiral Sloan from the book trilogy? Seems like the description could actually fit and seeing her character fleshed out on the screen would really tie in the books to the existing stories
I think they could be building up to killing Ahsoka. The empire already has a tracker that will lead them to her and they need force sensitive blood to run their experiments. It seems likely that Ahsoka would be the likely candidate if they can't get the child.
Dark Troopers pre-date Shadow Troopers.  The Phase 1 and 2 Dark Trooper were droids, but the Phase 3 could either operate as a stand-alone advanced battle droid, or a person could wear it like an advanced mechanized armor, a la Iron Man.  I bet they are supposed to be a combination of Shadow Trooper and Dark Trooper - an experimental unit with experimental powered armor, and using cybernetically enhanced volunteers and experimental midiclorian-infusion for enhanced battle performance.
Macaron not macaroon
As I recall, Shadow Troopers were made Force-sensitive by exposure to the Valley of the Jedi, just like the Reborn, but they were given this fancy armor made with cortosis to better resist lightsabers and blasters.
makes sense why the kid is so hungry he had his blood taken
Didn’t notice the fire-breathing mustelid. Are we having an Avatar-crossover?  Fire ferrets?  :)
They’re Dark Troopers confirmed by the Disney + audio description function for the episode
When they say something bad is happening in the background i cant help but laugh because the new movies were a huge disappointment.Damn thank god for mandalorian. after the clone wars this is the best thing i've seen in the "new era"
Isn’t the new trilogy not canon anymore ?
Fun fact: the thing Baby Yoda ate looks like a macaron (last syllable pronounced like Ron as in Ron Burgundy from Anchorman). A macaroon (last syllable pronounced like "rune") is a Hershey's Kiss shaped shredded coconut treat sometimes flavored with almond and chocolate covered around the size of a golf ball. "Go forth and share knowledge."
You mean chapter 12 season 2
For all those saying The Mandalorian is part of a plan to erase the Disney Stork Warts trilogy... forget it. We should be so lucky!
What if the troopers we saw are dark troopers from legends
I loved so hard when he said "there's no safety rail". Straight from family guy 🤣🤣
WE DONT NEED THis amazing SHOW TO EXPLAIN JJS AND RYANS FUCKED UP TRILOGY. LEAVE IT ALONE
I need next week to be here now. I really need a montage of Ahsoka fighting in live action. Maybe get Rex to show up if he’s not dead due to his accelerated aging
Did you miss the first season? He already showed his face
I know this is far fetched but I’m pretty sure I heard the cloning doctor call the things suspended in liquid vong so could this mean that the Ulsan vong are coming and the empire remnants are trying to make then force sensitive use baby yoda to make an army to take back the empire and I could also mean that the USA ving are coming
So blue Oreos exist now 5e only thing I hate about this show is how pathetically weak the stormtroopers are They’re literally no threat at all they’re supposed to be elite troopers not whatever they are
I was really hoping that that this show would steer clear from any and all references to the sequel trilogy. So I'm not too much of a fan of the snoke reference. I'm hoping they just stick to the empire simply wanting to infuse troops with the power of the force.
I'm standing by my curve ball theory that it's an attempt at starkiller clones becoming canon
I'm gonna cry if there is a lightsaber fight next week or see ahsoka for the first time
can Jon Favreau and Dave Filoni remake the last season of game of throne please
I hope they don't make a connection to the sequel trilogy though
Would be nice if they were making the stormtroopers more dangerous to take them more serious instead of making them stupid and incompetent. And I was wondering why the tie fighters target display shows that they can hit now the target but still they don’t. The more the show will connect to the sequels, the more it will lose the fans, I guess.
Not necessarily Snokes theme man... surprised you didn't acknowledge the opera scene tunes.... I was feeling that vibe MORE than Snoke.
Maybe the asset is kylo ren? Haha
I still feel like this show has a lot more potential and that, for me, its falling short in some areas.   I feel like there are no stakes.  The empire feels too weak. I don't fear them. They are too much of a joke. I would love to fear whenever these guys show up. Darth vader was a terrifying presence. The og storm troopers were actually deadly- killing rebel fighters all over the place.   Some episodes feel like fillers. Maybe its something about the writing, but I feel like there isnt enough meat in these episodes. Its mostly action... Excellent action... But the show would benefit from being more gripping. Episodes 1& 3 were excellent.
An army of IG fighters.... Scary asf..
I think the body’s in the tanks were the dark troopers and those things on the walls were exo-suits, like the dark trooper mark 3
boba fett died and the marshal on tatoeen was wearing his armour(probaby salvaged from his remains)
I thought that they kinda looked like Purge Troopers.
You forgot to mention that the place carra clears at the beginning is the same location where the mandos stayed in season 1
Not shadow troopers they are dark troopers if you turn in on he audio description it says immobilised dark troopers
It’s not snokes theme listen to palpatines teachings it’s that
The volunteer is baby yoda... he is both the volunteer and donor
I'd be keen for Hask from Battlefront II to make an appearance
Can’t wait to see Boba and Ahsoka.
Ashoka would wipe the floor with Gideon and any cute little pet project he might have.
The troopers at the end are phase 3 dark troopers
I love that they are using the series to fix the movies... like the clone wars. Dave Filoni knows how to retroactively fix a story. Shout out to Snoke
Damn and they somehow made us give a shit about Snoke
Is the speeder the same one from season one chapter 1
Leading into the first order? Lame! I hope not! Enough with the skywalkers!
Speaking of Ahsoka’s lightsabers, it’s going to be soooooooo awesome seeing her white sabers battle against the Darksaber! The first time we get to see white vs black blades!!!
The guy that repaired the ship kinda looks like the Jedi hunter from episode 9 doesn’t he?
Wouldn't it be amazing when the final battle comes against Moff Gideon and his death is half of his face gets blown off.
what if towards the end of season 2 or season 3, we get Ashoka or Mace, both are definitely dead by the time that the sequels were realeased and we knew Ashoka was dead because she talked to rey while she fought palpatine, what if towards the end they take ashoka and kill her to help get dna for Palpatine so by the events of the mandalorian are finished, palpatine’s finally cloned, and maybe towards the end palpatine force contacts kylo and the starting events of the force awakens unfold .
Why are a lot of xwing pilots fat and overweight
I really like how Disney is including some of the darker, grittier, more sinister sides of the Star Wars universe in the canon.
Can we get a F in chat for Dave, he got in the hospital, all the carrying broke his back
Love the transition to the sequels!
Filoni made the Prequels amazing, now he will do the same with the Sequels.
What if we see Ezra one day as a hidden surprise for the show, as he’s with Ashoka 🤔🧐 ??
Its not snoke, they're trying to make larger "baby yoda" clones, or taking other beings and putting baby yoda's blood in them to make them force sensitive or making a super soldier to battle jedi. That would be nuts if it was clones of Luke.
Cara Dune got fat!
18:54 on episode 4 look far left
What if there trying to revive a sith lord (vader,palpatine) Also I think greatest cliff hanger last ep there fighting blah blah blah then a ship comes and lands the ship door opens screens go black then you here vader breathing. Credits.
It honestly sucks that they made the 2 force unleashed games Uncanon
Great content, a little too many ads. Keep up the amazing videos :)
Why wouldnt lift his helmet some though? How else would he eat? I assume he only does this in private like shown, i dont see it as "Progression" to him removing his helmet, i just see it as them showing how he does a common day to day task
Hopefully 7-9 doesn’t poison the show
Kelly Smith 1 second ago I think we're missing the point here. If it was a "Snoke" clone in that tank, its gone now. The lab was BLOWN UP! No more Snoke clone and the research is all gone. No more Snoke means no more sequel trilogy! Favreau may have just ret-conned it out of existence! Also, Eckheartsladder did a vid comparing the figures near Moff G to Dark Troopers and ihe two match up well.
What's amazing about the show is that it didn't have to stick to the "Skywalker" universe and could do whatever it wanted and just be a smaller version of Star Wars without so many layers and layers of people in it.  I'm just starting to worry that the closer it gets to the actual films, it's going to get bogged down in the same mess that the last three films did.  They need to keep an arm's length distance away from those.  I'm afraid the Mandalorian is going to become secondary to too much Star World world again, like trying to make Episode 9 not a total trainwreck.  I mean, Rogue One literally was created to fill ONE plot hole from New Hope... so I hope they didn't want to use this series to fix Episode 9.
I dunno...I never really got on the let’s call him Baby Yoda train. Just me, I guess :|
If they kill anyone so snoke can live that will be a waste because snoke was a let down and was a stupid idea
Can you please add closed captions to your videos, I love watching your video but I’m very hard of hearing and I can barely ever make out what your saying, you probably will never see this comment but oh well i tried.
Muppet Gizmo and the Muppet weasel , go look now you won't be able to unsee it
never been a fan of Midichlorians. Would've loved the force being something impossible to understand and measured.  And to be fair, star wars universe already has so many scientifically advanced things that it would be okay to have something paranormal IMO
This has nothing to do with the video...But I want to WARN you all in 💝. Please everyone choose Jesus as your Lord and Savior. All these natural disasters are lining up with Bible prophecy in Rev. We are getting closer to Jesus's return and judgement coming on the entire world. Please all repent with your mouth to God and admit we need a Savior Jesus Christ who died for all our sins. Believe and have faith in Jesus Christ and how he died on the cross for our sins and rose again. Invite the Holy Spirit ( being baptized ) into your life and turn from your sins. For those who don't repent and choose Jesus's gift of dying on the cross so we can have eternal life.. Things won't go well for them. I don't want to see anyone perish. I love you all, why I'm warning everyone daily and praying for the entire 🌎 daily. God bless you all!! I'm a sinner and I'm so grateful Jesus saved me from perishing. I keep seeking him daily and his commandments and they aren't burdensome, instead I have peace even when the world seems to be falling apart. God is on the throne, amen!!🙏😊💝
I NEED a full resolution poster of 9:01 in my life
What I think is going on is the Moth is trying to reboot the old dark trooper and Reborn. Since they were talking about a volunteer for the program and being injected with force users blood it does lead down that pathing of Reborn. I would say that in the chamber at the end those were Dark Troopers that were in stand by mode.
1:10 I knew during that scene like under my breath I said “she’s suspect”😂
The controls to overload the reactor were placed on the same platform as the controls to the Death Star's tractor beam. The characters even call out how dangerous it is without any handrails.
The things you think are shadow or dark troops there helmet kinda looks like darth Vader's. That is just my opinion.
It’s Nevarro, not Nevarro-7. You’re thinking of Arvala-7 from season 1, where Mando originally finds the Child.
Is it just me or does the evil mechanic look like a taller Maz Kanata?
Why are people hating on carra? Thats so messed up. She's thicc and i like seeing her
WHATS A SHADOW TROOPER? WHATS A DARK TROOPER? ARE THEY DIFFERENT PEOPLE? I WANNA KNOW
Kind of looks like palps in the bacta tank
..or like Joruus C'Baoth
What about death troopers!!!!!!!!!
"Sounds like a snake, it's a mistake."    Harry Plinkett
Wait Ayo where was the guy from the cast caught in a scene?? T-shirt and means?? Someone Please tell me I got to find it lmao
2:46 Boba Fett?! Boba Fett where?!
The blue clerk with just one eye is still a better shot than Imperial Troopers
The Mandalorian is awesome. This is too: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.katerini.animalsexplorefree
It’s sad that a series is way better than the stupid movies we got.
I hope this doesn't have ANY connection to the sequel trilogy.
The Dark troopers, possibly reborn as well? Any chance we will see Kyle Katarn?
Dude.  Those are Dark Troopers
Obi Wan mind tricked me into liking the video
On trending!
People complaining about wearing a mask . This guy wears a helmet all the time
This is the Empire, if they need a high M-count, they would be more likely to kidnap a lot of force-sensitive children instead of spending so many resources on Baby Yoda, especially since they don’t have good funding anymore. I think they need Baby Yoda for something different, something only Moff Gideon knows about.
I loved the jk games
i doubt you'll see this but i have a theory/question, in season 1 episode 1IG11 says his client was specific that the child was to be terminated, this mixed with both din and ig11 thinking they were alone on assignment makes me think IG11 was contracted by a rebellion/ new republic contractor for his bounty as moff giden clearly wants the child alive, why else would IG11 say he was contracted to terminate the child
Pedro Pascal is playing a character from an obscure and enigmatic background. He should be happy that he is a part of something HUGE. If the rumours are indeed true, and he wants to have a HOLLYWOOD experience where he is interviewed on Jimmy Fallon and crushed on by the masses, he should assess the current HOLLYWOOD landscape and seriously reconsider. Any number of actors would be so happy to be a part of something SO HUGE and would know that it would most likely boost their profile to the status of LEGENDARY just for playing that role. He's lucky he isn't a CGI character. He's not worth as much to the public and the fanbase as his character. He should see this as a serious KNOTCH on his resume.
this episode was directed by Carl weather's ✌
Anyone else think that Moff Gideon is funding the Empire's operations through an intergalactic fried chicken franchise?
"just like C3PO"... I believe you mean "just like CREEPIO*"
What if the empire captured Ezra or Ashoka to create Snoke?????????
I've watched a full playthrough of Jedi Outcast.
What if the volunteer is mace Windu????
kinda cheesey episode. all the sounds from a new hope. ship fixed and tracked right away. running down halls shooting, a new hope. tie fighter pilots with zero ability. this series is just like the new movies. kinda cool, kinda not
The sequels aren’t cannon
Guys you do realise that Ashoka is probably gonna die next episode because she only makes one cameo ;(
hear me out. so every1 is saying they dont want mando to connect to the sequels but tbh i do, here's why. so as most of u know, a lot of people hated the prequals but then the clone wars came out and it made every1 grow a love and passion for the prequals. thats why i want the mando to connect to sequels so it can possibly make the sequels better and make us like it more. also not to mention that the person in charge of clone wars is also in charge for mando so yea.
Swear, I needed popcorn to watch this episode. Action Jammed Packed🤛
To me, the alien spy looks like it could be the species that "Cybot Galactica" protocol droids (ie: C-3PO) were modelled after...
Blue milk macrons maybe?
Cara Dune character got fat
I am 90% sure ashoka will die. Her my resioning in the rise if Skywalker you hear her voice when rey fight papltiten inferring her death
Plot twist. Mando is also force sensitive, but is unaware
Ugh, why couldn't they just ditch minochlorians once and for all
You’re not as smart as you think cancer kid
Is the boy in the School boba fets son?
there going darth vader clone
They are pretty much confirmed to be Darktroopers    If you turn on the audio description track the narrator calls them dark troopers
Let Cara Dune be just Cara Dune without adding some relation to the original trilogy! Not everyone in this universe has to be related
I don’t know if I even want to keep watching if they’re going to start using the show to try and fix the sequel trilogy. Just use the veil of the force to make it the sequel trilogy happen in a different dimension and let The Mandalorian fix Luke and the timeline after RotJ. What the sequels did to Luke is unforgivable and anything other than a complete do over is unacceptable for me personally. As a fan I just can’t get behind that mess of a trilogy.
What about Triple zero (evil C3PO) from the Vader comic book series? He talks about draining the blood of force sensitive beings and using it for droids.  Check out this part: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0pDnfPk3Fko&t=30m8s
Kinda seems like everything in Star Wars has to revolve around Palpatine.  Ok, seriously, the Empire/First Order should STOP trying to bring back Palpatine, they should just accept the fact they need a new leader and actually realize that Palpatine was a bad leader.
Omgg Gideon has the dark Sabre ya fools. Not a “red light saber”
Why is anyone even considering Snoke? He was literally written off as a McGuffin. That’s just ridiculous to even speculate about him.
If Moff Gideon tries to become the next Vader, I think I know just one item he needs: “The Glove of Darth Vader”.  In the old Legends continuity. The Darth Vader’s right glove, which Luke chopped off Vader’s right hand, survived in the 2nd Death Star destruction. Founded in the wreckage, Trioculus believed it is the source of Darth Vader’s Force power, which its not. Still, it is consider symbolic.  It would be epic if Moff Gideon wears Darth Vader’s glove, bringing from Legends to Canon.
I hope the troops are dark troopers because I loved Dark Forces, and is one of my favourite Star Wars games ever made
•*Mando eats soup*•...... !!!OMG THEORIES!!!!! Lmao no dude; I’m prettty sure he’s always had to slightly lift his helmet to eat or drink....... you just haven’t seen it on screen until now.
Did no one notice the Plagueis music when they saw the vats???? It was literally the music that plays when Anakin and Palpy are watching the space opera talking about the tragedy! Palpatine!!
I thought it was the zombie virus
This episode also debunked theory that baby yoda is a clone, which is very important. They use his blood for Palpatine clones or dark troopers (or whatever they are called, I haven't played Kotor), because they can't copy midichlorians or the force. I think that adding a new member of yoda's species probably with a similar force sensitivity to him is more interesting than a clone of him.
the students when they saw the child: "A surprise to be sure..but a welcome one!"
This episode for me wasn't that good because once again the imperial's got there base taken by a fish a dud a Mando and a waman lol. I don't know why the stormtroopers run down halls and die but that's how they are trained I guess. just sick of seeing are imperial brothers die RIP.
Free the Dark Trooper
...When the breakdown is longer than the actual episode.
What if Snoke is the revived body of Windu...?
What if Boba is the doner?
Cool review👍
Anakin Skywalker wasn't the chosen one. . . It was REYYYYYYY!!!!!!!
Imagine this whole time they’re trying to get force sensitive blood just to rise a great army
That was an amazing Episode :D
Bible prophecies are happening like never before, we're in the end times. Are you saved by believing in the Blood Atonement of Jesus Christ? John 3:16 For God so loved the world that He gave His only begotten Son, Jesus Christ, that everyone who believes in Him shall not perish but have everlasting life. Christ said, "Come to Me as you are." It's not about not sinning (we should as we're thankful and build heavenly treasures), it's about having faith from the heart that Jesus lived the perfect life we couldn't and died for ALL our sins and raised up proving who He is, which is God in the flesh and you're given the free Gift of eternal life. On the cross Jesus said, "It is FINISHED!" The Blood of Christ IS enough! God wants to give you salvation from damnation, all you have to do is believe in your heart and have faith in what Christ has done for us.  Gospel of Salvation by Faith Alone https://youtu.be/H124iZiyGUs  End Time's Checklist https://youtu.be/A159GcAffpI  Satan's Technology (Mark of the Beast) https://youtu.be/4IyPCGKFa0k  Escape from this Evil and God's Wrath https://youtu.be/URzo9_eOa00  (He also has Spanish versions.).
The troopers at the end of the episode look more like dark troopers than shadow troopers to me.
Deactivating the reactor kind of reminded me of A New Hope, when Obi-Wan Kenobi was disabling the tractor beam on the first Death Star.  I liked how he paused at 6:16. It makes me think that he REALLY hated saying that.😆  The troop transport vehicle was used very frequently in Rebels, too.
I’m sorry but can we agree from an actual entertainment perspective that this episode was far and above the worst episode of season 2. To many reasons to count. The editing and cinematography was incredibly off. Many scenes felt awkward and poorly shot. Many of the fight scenes were bland and generally made the characters seem less powerful then they are. The acting was god awful and at many times I thought this seems like a home movie. In comparison to the level of quality from other episodes there were actually intense battle scenes with great editing cuts, very tense moment when acting came in, and very good logical pacing where what they were doing made sense and felt necessary. This episode felt like Rise of the Skywalker. A terrible nostalgia trip with so many missed opportunities and actual degradation of characters. They managed to even make Mando look less cool. Like what the actual fuck was this episode?
I think they are Purge troopers
I really think that baby yoda was created from yodas cloak after yoda and sidious battle in the  revenge of the sixth
Why not just have a sith artifact that gives u the force
They could be trying to inject clones with force sensitive blood. which would make sense because they could have all died from testing
I
I
I
Episode 4 =    Blows up a base and that’s it
I
I
I think ashoka would turn baby yoda back to mando because baby yoda is that, a baby not a toddler that can speak and can learn the ways of a jedi, or maybe I'm wrong who knows.
2 Mandalorian fanboys vs Ashoka and Mando
The squidward apparition https://youtu.be/qNErGPayaxU
You know I was very shocked when I saw Mr. Kim close his Convenience Store to work for the New Republic as an X Wing Pilot
Narrative of Self is the result of a feedback loop between “Separate Self” & Cosmos 🔴
So basically the inquisitors but troopers
Since the doctor said that they won't find anyone with a higher M count I guess they try to create a clone body for palpatine to posses without completely destroying it because of his dark side powers like we saw his body in episode 9
Bro the end gave me chills
What can I watch this on
I bring my car in for a tire swap and oil change, they need it overnight.  Drop the Razorcest off, held together with fishing net, gets rebuilt in a day.  JK  Love the show. Best thing since rouge one.
Bro that palatine image is such click bait it's wild
The shadow troopers weren’t given force power through blood, they got it through the valley of the Jedi.
Remember it was once described that Snoke was previously a very handsome individual. I can’t remember where?
Minuet 10:56 there’s a symbol on that guys shirt is that a cloner symbol?
So does this mean that the "Rule of 2" is about to be tossed on the trash heap of history? Will a new dark order with many darkside users arise? Considering how the "Rule of 2" has led to near ultimate victory a few times but failed, maybe the idea of a new Sith order under tight control of a penultimate leader may be just the ticket to lead to a final victory for the dark side. My prediction, Gideon is possessed  by the soul of a powerful Sith Lord just itching to make their appearance as the leader of a reorganized Sith order based on the ancient ways. Kinda like the Mandalorian does himself.
I KNEW I RECOGNISED THAT OUTPOST! AMAZING AMAZING WRITING FOT THE FANS. Wow, this is so so deserved for us.
NICE intro
#40 Trending for GAMING?!?!
I hope they don’t connect this to the sequel trilogy. I really hope they don’t.
Hi. I painted a fan art portrait of The Child, aka Baby Yoda. You can see details on my video list and a link where you can purchase it if you are interested. https://youtu.be/Vq6JSjlBWEI
Midiclorians make a triumphant return. Also in the Tie Fighter dog fight, notice how Mando does a good trick, he spins when destroying the final Tie Fighter. Which leads me further to believe that Dave Filoni and John Favreau are the best choices to keep Georges vision alive.
🙋🏻‍♂️🙋🏻‍♂️🇧🇷   search YouTube for hercules Puga's channel .
the chase scene through the canyons kind of reminded of the bat scene from the animated movie "rango" the second time i watched this episode i was humming "ride of the Valkyries during that entire part
Can't wait for episode 13
Brilliant breakdown with awesome background music too.  Love being at your watch party too.  Thankyou
I wish star killer was cannon he was meant to be an inquisitor in rebels and they probably could have made him the most powerful of them
Filoni and Favreau are cleaning up the mess that other directors left in the sequels. They are the ones who will bring balance.
question: When is Mandalorian, in relation to the Battle of Jakku?
John 3.16 For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.    Romans 6.23 For the wages of sin is death; but the gift of God is eternal life through Jesus Christ our Lord. Romans 10:9 That if thou shalt confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus, and shalt believe in thine heart that God hath raised him from the dead, thou shalt be saved. Amen.
This episode started to make scene now why they want blood transfusions n hunting force sensitive beings from all the star wars era. Great episode 👍👍👍 still waiting on more boba fett scenes 😬
The remnants of the empire trying to clone palpatine using the child makes 10x more sense than "He just that strong and can somehow clone himself, one of the most powerful force sensitives in history many times by himself in the ruins of definetly not korriban and he can build a fleet on death star destroyers"
Mando better go John Wick mode at some point
this episode and had better tie dog than every movie in the franchise. this to me was that good
This episode was better than Star Wars sequels episodes 7 8 and 9 altogether...I had a grin on my face all through it...brilliant...The whole creative crew deserve a shot at a full movie...excellent
They are milking this series, cmon man this should’ve had Ashoka in this Smfh. This episode was pointless
ok that was awesome we can all agree on that this episode is the best episode of the mandalorian so far clones for snoke or the emperor the first order Easter egg
Would love to see Ahsoka fight Moff
Cool!
always enjoy watching your stuff man keep it going
Rey here’s the voice of Ahsoka during the ‘I am All the Jedi’ scene in Rise of Skywalker.  Is this Mandalorian season the series where we learn her ultimate fate?  Will Ahsoka sacrifice herself to save Mando & the Child from certain death?
Not to be that guy but it's just Nevarro not Nevarro 7, Arvala 7 was the planet Kuiil lived on and where Mando first found the Child
So many nods to the Dark Forces and Jedi Knight games. But I guess it's too much to hope for Kyle Katarn to show up in addition to Ahsoka. ^^ Though honestly I think it's just fan-service, though welcome ones.
Alien Oreos  Alien Oreos.
LMAO "blewed up"
First success is reys father?
Since he referred to "The Volunteer" when recording a message directly to Gideon, I doubt he is the volunteer. It's probably someone that we haven't seen yet. I have a feeling we may see Gideon offer Bo Katan a trade of the dark saber for the child turning her into an adversary, at least for a time.
Just like The clone Wars series made the prequels more enjoyable, will The Mandalorian do the same for the sequels?
Better not be a build up to snoke. He was a joke of a character.  Controlled from afar by the emperor
I don’t know about you... but I would use this opportunity to bring back the ultimate villain. Darth Vader. Didn’t someone see Hayden on set?
I thought the little biscuits from the school looked just like those coated Oreos -but blue, bantha maybe.
I've been bracing for another spell of baby Yoda backlash since Mando made him cross wires. C'mon twitte mob, don't you know it's promoting child endangerment?!
So....was Snoke created before or after Palpatine's clone? Because Palpatine said he created Snoke. Is Mandalorian going to be about creating Snokes or Palpatine?
jedi outcast is cannon change my mind
It looks like The Mandalorian is showing us what happened between the original trilogy and the new one. I have a bad feeling about this.
Wait so Snoke is a Palpatine clone that failed?
The trooper things at the end were definitely droids. If you look closely, you can see they have metallic arms, so they are either droids or some sort of cyborg like general grievous
I think that the blue mandalorion suits are from the cartoon series on Netflix and the leader of the mandalorians in that series had the dark saber wich is the sword mof gitten had so. Maby there is a connection between that
Is it just me? Or does Moff Gideon sound like Barack Obama...
i thought those dark troopers were death troopers
It's disappointing to see that if they continued to try to connected  the Disney Star Wars trilogy which is atrocious no matter how much they try those trilogies are gonna be horrible no matter what no matter how much explaining they do the mandalorain show should be separate they should just revamp the new trilogy all over again
Great video! EXCEPT!!!!!!! It's a Macaron (Mac - CA - Rown .....French accent needed), not a Macaroon!
Shadow troopers arent force sensitive...? What..? Have you ever played battlefront???
M count... Mitachlorean count. They gotta be making sith troopers maybe. plus this is before first order so this could be snokes backstory.
I really hope the “snoke” was just an Easter egg or something. I really hope we don’t see an actual snoke and see a different reimagined clone.
I like that they seem to be heading towards answering some of the lingering background questions left by the sequels, much like the old EU fleshed out the OT and the Clone Wars enhanced the PT. In Feloni I trust.
What if the volunteer is ray's father?  Do you think we'll get a reference to him in future?
5:05 8 yr olds be like "FORTNITE I LIKE FORTNITE FORTNITE"
Great breakdown. I wish they didn’t make the empire’s troops so worthless. There’s no tension
The baby yoda blood is being used in an attempt to give the clones a force sensitivity
Why is your commentary so underwhelming and quiet?
Tell that to kanjiklub
Me: are those Macaroons? Dad: No it can’t be, it’s Star Wars Me: well then, Space Macaroons
I don’t mind them tying this into the sequels, I hope that isn’t the big reveal. I hope the main conflict and problem Mando and friends need to take on is something more interesting like dark troopers or some other force sensitive baddy
So, are they making Snoke or the body for the emperor?
*Episode 3:* Seek out Ahsoka Tano. *Fans:* YEEAAHHHHH!!!!!!  *Episode 4:* .........Ship's falling apart. *[Fans anticipating Ahsoka]:* .... *Episode 4:* Might need to repair it.  *[Fans anticipating Ahsoka]:* ... *Episode 4:* Let's go see some old friends.  *Fans:* And so we wait.
this is waaaay better than all other breakdowns
MINDBLOWN about that Snoke reference!
1:49 Our Jupiter is canon
man Ashoka better be in the next episode
This guy is the GOAT love this channel
Please don’t make Palpatine clones😭
MANDO DID REVEAL HIS FACE IN THE END OF THE LAST EPISODE ON SEASON 1
Mando-clorians!!!
This star wars time set is after the fall of Darth Vader and palpatine
Shadow trooper are a form or storm trooper that used there armour to turn in invisible not light saber eluding storm troopers
My dad and I think that the suits at the end are Vader-type suits and the blood transplants they were talking about were for Midichlorians. They were trying to make new Vader’s in order to bring back the Empire’s hold on the galaxy.
Those aren’t shadow troopers
Fan theory: Mando will find Ashoka... she will then explain how she is no longer a Jedi so she can not train the child... so she asks Mando to help her and Sabine to find Ezra so that Ezra can train the child
Who else heard Palpatine's theme when mando was in the lab?
I see 248 have committed Treason by disliking this Video
If there's a mandalorian that has somethiing you want You know mandalorians are the best bounty hunters in the galaxy and therefore, a regular bitch ass bounty hunter cannot hunt a mandalorian Who do you call to get the thing from the mandalorian? That's right...  Boba Fett
This was the worst episode in the season so far.  Change my mind
macarons not macaroons...
I can't keep quiet!!!The school is full of people!Where are the representatives of other races!!!The producers are racist, the Director is racist, everyone is RACIST!!!!!!!!!))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))
i really don't think him lifting his helmet up slightly has a meaning, he just has to consume food somehow and he can't just do that with his helmet fully on
The Child likes macaroons.
Corvus is a planet from the battlefront 2 campaign
The descriptive audio specefies Dark Troopers, which were not all droids, depends on the model.
I really hope that isn't snoke. The best part of Mando is that it can be its own thing and isn't being held back by the rest of Star Wars.  Just let the show be its own thing.
The 'Volunter' could be anyone at this point, albiet its questionable how much voluntering occured.
My guess is this is the empires first attempts of cloning force sensitive life forms and the child was the one they were using to get the midichlorians from and somehow it got out and that’s when season 1started I’m guessing the cloning attempts will fail and the first order or some other group will take over and that’s where smoke comes from, I hope they fix the ROS and explain how Palpatine came back and how they cloned snoke
Aren’t Dark Troopers droids? That force sensitive stuff sounds like a bunch of malarkey
The lifting helmet to drink bit fits well with other stuff seen in the show, in that Mandos helmet lacks a lot of upgrades, it lacks a rebreather and hermetic seal, and in this case lacks a drinking tube.  To put it in prespective, military gas masks contain a drinking tube designed to seal into an O ringed nozzle on the top of a canteen (also useful to smoke a cig when stuck in mask for training), so Mandos lacking anything like thag shows that in some ways his armor is still lacking, as this means he would be at risk to gas attacks.
When we saw those clones at least that’s what I’m guessing they are I got shivers I was worried this would be a filler episode before the Ahsoka reveal but it felt more like more explanation of the overall larger story
I would have liked this episode more if it didn't seem the most prominent in setting up the sequels. I've been praying they throw away the sequel trilogy story, make it legends, and make a new time line, but it doesn't seem that way. Disney is trying to make us like the sequels more by giving us an interesting backstory. Blah.
Holy moly this series has turned to total side quest fest and repetetion is turned to max. Needs double the air time to flesh out the world and characters everything is so superficial that when you scratch it paint peels a way.
Yo, will we meet Brendol Hux??
so hyped for ashoka !!
I’m confused Wait so baby yoda isn’t a clone he’s part of yodas species just with infused blood of the original yoda or is he a straight clone through and through??
Maybe this is why the Jedi always burn the bodies.
Why would u ruin the mando trying to fix these sequels
So wait, the bounty hunters guild is just done now Or only Grief Carga’s gang? because I thought he was in charge.. and now the bar is a classroom
The scene where Mando taking care of the Tie Fighters kind of reminded me of Episode 2: AOTC where Jango and Obi-wan were fighting over Geonosis and Boba was enjoying!
Ochi the assassin is the mechanic who communicates to the empire at the end of the episode?!!!?!
I love the show, but honestly I hope that this is how far will they go in the palpatine resurection/zombi/whateverepisode9 storyline and now they will go on their own story of the mandalorian and no more links to the sequel trilogy
This episode made me consider the question I never wanted to ask...who is better...Baby Yoda or Baby Groot??? https://dexterdiscuss.wordpress.com/2020/11/21/five-things-from-mandalorian-2x4/
I feel like mandalorian is underrated
I’m actually scared this will be the last good episode. If it’s moving towards the first order it’s going to become bad imo. Especially since they destroyed the senate in literally 4 seconds with insane accuracy. They should make it standalone and make it compatible with a new sequel that should take place
Am I the only one who notice that ever since The Child saw the other Mandolorian’s take their helmet off.. how he looked at Mando like “Wait .. what?”.. And when Mando drinks he looked up trying to see Din’s face.  I’m calling it .. the Child will demand in some way for Mando to take off his helmet .
2:09 Star Wars Theory: "Macaroons" Me: Those are clearly a blue variant of Pretty Patties
Did anyone else feel really dumb when they realized that the tie fighter wings fold in half after watching them take off in that episode?
They're dark troopers
I cannot wait for this whole series to literally be a set up for the first order, snoke and the entire sequel trilogy because the tears of the sequel trilogy haters do make me laugh :)
Its gotta be sidious
We so need a battle/lightsaber duel between Ashoka & Moff. Up to this point its all that anyone really wants to see and I can't wait for next Friday! This is the way
There is a CC option called Descriptive English (shout out to EckhartsLadder for finding this)... With this option running in the end scene they clearly call the droids "Dark Troopers"! I think that is awesome!
Imagine if they cloned boba Fett and they started a new clone army
I think Yoda could kill Darth Vader easily
YouTube ads should get banned
What if in the next trilogy, Snoke will return in episode 10
At the end of the episode I thought at first they the black thing was miffed gideons Mandalorian Armor
Is baby Yoda Yoda or a clone
That female imperial officer at the end was a main character in the last season of Z Nation.
I thought palpatine created snoke.
Just some advice from a fan of your content, you posted your video on Friday before a lot of people had yet had a chance to watch the new Mando episode. (cause of my schedule I typically don't have time to watch Mando until Friday nights) but you put a picture of Palpatine in your thumbnail and I had to pull up YouTube for something and saw it in my feed so it spoiled for me that this episode may have something to do with him which was a bummer. If you're going to post important plot detail hints in your thumbnail wait a day so you don't ruin anything for other fans.
Mando removed his helmet last season
These have to be dark troopers. With how much trouble they are having instilling force sensitivity into smoke/palpatine I don't see them successfully doing it in that man regular storm troopers.
*Theory, you forgot to mention that Greef Karga had cape clasps just like Count Dooku.*
The Mandalorian Season 2 Episode 4
What was the significance of the gold thing Blue set down? What was it?
That person who put a beacon on the razor crest  looks like a younger version of the person who trained Iden versio and the empire says you will get payed in a new empire
These are dark troopers  Watch with the descriptive audio It says dark troopers
Where's Michael Biehn?
I am lost at the cloning part. I thought Snoke was a clone of Palpatine, so why are they mentioned like 2 different clone attempts here in this video?
This episode got me geeking out
Seeing Snoke or Palpatine in a tube is like seeing Jesus in a cloud. It's not him!
Don’t worry i’m coming
Maybe Gideon works with Joruus C’baoth and they are making luuke Skywalker
Cloning, secrets only the sith knew
I love this episode because it has everything I love about the Mandolrian. Cute and funny baby yoda scenes, badass action scenes, parts that build tension for the episode and season, and an episodic base that still connects to the main story.
The Ahsoka reveal made me so hyped up that I forgot about Boba Fett.
Nobody:   SWT: Making Everyone's Quarantine Better  Also I'm So Close To 1k Subs So Any Help Is Acepted
Love moth giddion looking all 'DARTH VADER' :)
I hope The child opens a portal to the world between worlds, and skip the whole first oder and the sequels all together ^^
No way The Child and Din make it out of this series alive. ZERO chance
This was genuinely the best episode so far.
But Ashoka died? Am i wrong?
At the end of the episode I thought  that they were creating Darth Vader armour
That kid should have just given baby yoda a snack
I think they’re dark troopers because they’re deactivated at the moment and need to be turned on. If they were force sensitive they’re be a living being
How do you remember all this stuff?! I remember it as you talk about it but I can't recall nearly half of it like this.
I think boba will be used to track down the child
stormtrooper actually hit their target much more in this episode than any starwars film
Hope your right and this show ties the Empire and 1st Order together
Did anyone else notice Rey in the classroom?
Moff Gideon wants to be Darth Vader so bad...
Bro you sound like a robot sometimes lol
SNOKE???  NOOOOOOOOOOO!!! FUCK MY LIFE!!!!!  I'M FUCKING DONE WITH DISNEY!!!!!
It has been confirmed by listening to the vision impaired audio track... The troopers are DARK TROOPERS. DARK TROOPERS ARE NOW CANON!!!
Man I had no idea Carl Weathers was such a good director. 👏👏👏
They cloned Yoda from his cloak after  fighting  palpatine  100%
This show makes me feel like a kid again. I was 8 years old when The Phantom Menace released. I get the same hype for each episode like I did waiting on the prequel movies to come out. Jon Fav/Filoni/Lucas & Co... thank you!!
i think it's snoke
Ahsoka would wipe the floor with Moff Gideon. Two slashes and hes dead.
The little girl whispering had reys hair style 🤔
I thought the shadow troopers and reborn where infused using the valley of the Jedi, not injecting blood..
I think Moth Gideon is trying to give the Death Troopers who are only loyal to him the Force and create his own Army of Inquisitors, so he can become the new Emperor.
How is this trending for gaming
In the scene where the crew walks in to the test subjects at 18:53
What if Ahsoka has a higher “M-Count”? 🤔
Am I the only one that begin to find the dumbness of the Stormtroopers annoying? Mando and his crew always find cover and fire from a rather safe position, while ST are always in the open being easy targets
Why does it say this is trending in gaming. This is a show YouTube not a game.
And I thought I was evil (look at my profile picture)
The troopers are Dark Troopers. The title of the score at that point on the OST confirms it. Given how they seem to be really big, towering over Gideon, they are likely phase III. The phase I and phase II Dark Troopers were droids only, whereas the phase III is powered armor designed to be worn, though it can also function as a battle droid with no one inside it. It may be that the phase III armors are used by Force sensitive troopers, who knows.
This episode was epic and it made up for the fact we didn’t see ahsoka
This episode was crazy. Much ❤
The teacher in the classroom actually talks about the Maelstrom and even name drops Kessel.
It's just under the falcon and behind it,when they all show up to help in the rise of Skywalker you can see razor Crest  at the time we didn't think to look for it you can pause movie and see it
Those are dark troopers, and they doesn't look like  living beings rather like droids.
They are Dark Troopers. It says in the audio description for the blind. Though that might be to cover up that they are Shadow Troopers...
Unfortunately.. and I REALLY want to like The Mandalorian, but I'm actually finding this series horrible. The story telling overall has one ultimate mission but it's basically just fillers. Acting, especially form the support cast, is amateurish.  Its like playing a DnD campaign but just playing poor side missions constantly with a 5 minute click bait scene to dangle a carrot. The entire story could be told in one episode.... the disparity between ok episodes and absolute junk is too much to keep my interest.  Baby Yoda's continued stupidity and its eating anything is silly.... but it isnt stupid enough to understand danger and close the pod... and not stupid enough to figure out how to open the rare egg carrier.
they're trying to take the midi-chlorian from the child for a clone therefore making snoke?
Anakins midichlorian count is high because palpatine made him using the force
I knew that ugly ass alien was suspicious
Hey theory, would love if you could cover the new vader comic. Prefer your videos than reading it myself xD
Fyi the razor Crest is in rise of Skywalker if you look close
I am SO READY for new canon based on Jedi Outcast/Dark Forces/Academy. I’m fond of the old but e cited for what they’ll do.
The creature that puts the tracker on the razor rest is a Mimbanese
Din should have killed that sniveling little weasel when he had the chance... Making sure Gideon was actually dead probably would have been a good idea too.
Sasha 😘
I don't think the force sensitive blood transfusions have anything to do with the dark troopers. Definitely think it has to do with Snoke. Would be pretty crazy if they get their hands on Ahsoka and start syphoning her blood for Snoke.
The volunteer is probably moff Gideon. I think he wants to make himself force sensitive and maybe his dark troopers force sensitive.
I think those clones were supposed to end up being the emperor, but end up failing and becoming snoke. I think snoke is a failed clone of the emperor.
To be honest I’m worried that this show will just end up being a set up to the sequel trilogy... I literally don’t consider the sequel trilogy canon
Look like purge troopers from fallen order imo
Holy shit, was that an emperors new grove reference?
Please do a what if of what if kylo brought Han back with the world between worlds that would be amazing
I wouldn't be surprised if Ahsoka gets all defensive when Mando brings out baby Yoda... like Who Dafuq is You!?! Get Back!Jango and Boba weren't homies after all...
They need to find me quick, because I am cooking Frog le Soup for baby Yoda
No one talks about yodas jacket that falls off in revenge of the sigh
Gus fring selling meth across the galaxy now. Fair play 👏
Honestly, if this is Snoke, I think this is too huge for this show. It would annoy me a bit. I want to see the mandalorians side adventure and not the creation of Snoke
Don’t forget the 3-PO looking robot has the same Voice as the robot in the Movie Solo.. L3 37
*Two scout troopers*  Brutally die in explosions after high speed crashes down a steep mountain face    * Star Wars theory*  “Pretty funny scene”
The subtitles of the episode confirm that they are indeed Dark Troopers.
The vibe with this one felt different, but still love the mandalorian DONT get me wrong... I felt like some jokes from the side characters was super forced BUT LOVE THE SCENES WITH BABY YODA
"Mando,you son of aaaa bitchhh"(loudest handshake ever)
BEST EPISODE YET!!!!
Больше всего удивляет что лазерной указкой можно завалить сразу ветырех штурмовиков в броне. Причем один из которых упал сам еще до того как лазер указки упал на него.
Thanks for the video theory!!!💯🤘
I love your insight, I just subbed.
It clears up the palpatine cloning plothole
Does anyone else hate it how the Imperial Stormtroopers always miss their shots unless it hits Mando's armour for example. I mean I know that the main characters are supposed to 'win' every fight but it just  doesn't seem right  to me that a bunch of well trained soldiers don't stand a chance against some characters that aren't really that important in the grand scheme of things( Obviously they are main characters and  if they died then it really wouldn't be that entertaining and fans would be really angry). I mean I'd like it for the troopers to get off a hit or two off on at least one or two 'goodies' which I think would make it more realistic. Maybe these stormtroopers aren't well trained or haven't seen any action for a while as their positioning and decision making isn't the best. (In one scene they seem to stand next to a doorway instead of behind it). Also when Cara dune steals the transport and charges at the two stromtroopers; instead of throwing the grenade they have conveniently placed on their belts, which might actually have a small chance of doing something, they keep firing their blasters, which clearly have no effect. Sorry for the rant it just really annoys me. I know against normal rebels, the Stormtroopers are actually pretty effective. Lets hope the Dark troopers can prove to be a worthy opponent.
That hallway with the shadowtroopers also kinda looks like a mix of first order and empire
Theory how is look a much better force weilder than anakin and yoda but has not as much medichlorins
JACEN AND JAINA SOLO ARE THE TRUE CANON!!!!!! FUCK THE FIRST ORDER!!!!!!!!
Marvel level humor and forcing sequel trilogy failure into the show to try to make people accept it. Bye Mandalorian and Star Wars fans that are like abused house wives at this point. This show is a bait and switch and you are just going to get more First Order crap that makes Leia and Luke look like bigger failures and ruins the original trilogy even more.
Is the Mandalorian set after the Battle of Jakku or before? If before then we can see Iden Versio cuz shes canon
It’s adorable how he was enjoying the dog fight ( the child ) shit was so cute 😂
I honestly hope Boba is done. Its cool we know he's alive but him coming back into the fold would make no sense.
We all hyping episode 5 a lot becaude of ahsoka tano but... what if she appears until the end? Hope its a great episode and Rosario D. Makes a great role
They look more dark troopers from the N64 game, Shadows of the Empire.
Good job
What if the child transfers into snoke!?!
Please don't connect the sequals please!!!!!!!!
Imagine that they somehow manage to get the blood needed, but Mando manages to escape and report it to the NR. Then a new arc in which Ahsoka, Sabine, Ezra and Luke try to track down and destroy the cloning facilities to stop the creation of the First Order. And in the end, they show Rey muttering to herself in her sleep, "Mm, this yellow lightsaber rocks. I'm now a Skywalker." And then waking up on Jakku. "Oh, shit, I overslept again"
blood transfusions to Big daddy Papletine from baby yoda that's why the clones in tanks look like snope
My prediction is that the Mandalorian is going to be hunted down by these dark troopers, he almost dies but then suddenly he is saved by someone wielding what appears to be two blue lightsabers 👌
I think the blue dude was contacting the Republic. They wouldn't have needed him to contact the Imperials because, due to the alien planting the tracker, they already knew Mando was there.
When I saw the clones I was like please don't be snoke PLEASE DONT
I hope they bring Kyle Katarn into canon if they're bringing the Dark Troopers in. I wouldn't want to see another character repurposed to fill Kyle's roll again, Rogue ones already done that. It's fair to say that the Dark Troopers were a part of the bigger picture so it's possible to have them involved in other stories. But Kyle should have his own story left alone and Mando should have his own path.
My theory is that gideon will try to become force sensitive and become snoke in the process because palpatine force gost will mess things up
Very good review 👍!
Honestly, this chapter was alright story-wise, but the performances were absolute garbage. It’s typical Disney crap, when something bad happens but then they do a risky thing and when it happens they scream with joy and stuff like that. I don’t like it
i love how much legends they are putting into this show
Oooo what if Ahsoka gets captured later and it’s her blood that succeeds in working on palps or snoke
Lmao when the storm trooper flew into the lava pit and the two by the control panel watched him fall then looked at each other 😂
Yeah I hate this whole cloning thing
At the end I thought it was the millennium falcon for a second
is that los pollos hermanos guy?
Great directing job by Carl Weathers!
1) Ahsoka has live action only in S2 E6 2) At the end those are probably Dark troopers from first order (sequels) 3) sequels suck 4) y r u reading this 5) this is the way 6) rey is not granted as a rank of skywalker 7) sequels suck 8) i have spoken
This video is edited with two voices, one with default commentary voice and the other with sucker voice for the nerds. "I love you guys sooo much". Lol.
Hated this episode. Felt like filler and fan service. Scout chase, Tie Chase, exploding base. I felt no attachment to any of the bland side characters besides blue face. Filler is fine but 4 episodes deep is too much. Fan service is also fine but it can’t carry an episode.
Just like I always figured. Palpatine is Nosferatu. He wants your blood.
That creature is a mimbanese
I think we're gonna see ahsoka sacrifice her life for the child and her blood be used in the remaking of palpatine
They better show Boba again... if that was only a tease... then really fuck thos show.. As for how cool would Ashoka be fighting dark troopers.. ye how cool would Luke have been. So far the Disney Star warsvshit has been 50-50 for me personally
What if Rey is the donor, they called it The Child and could be to throw you off and think that it's baby yoda
Gideon becomes Snoke. 😂👌😂🤟
I like how baby yoda is becoming more interactive, not just goo goo ga ga cute. Also we are only in season 2, I just can't fathom how awesome this show is going to end up being. It's perfect. Imagine if Jon and Dave had done the sequels!
Great episode.
I hope Sabine Wren and Ezra come back, I think that’d be awesome
I totally got that Jedi Knights:Jedi Outcast vibe during my watch. Awesome callbacks!!
I love your videos. Keep it up!
Time to kick it up to the next chapta
This is a set up in order to wipe the sequel trilogy from canon. The effort to create snoke will fail , the plans ruined, the whole story line falls apart and becomes non canon. Then they make anew trilogy.
Oh I figured that the black thingies were the dark trooper project
If they somehow fuse together Clone Wars/Rebels and the Sequels it'll be a HUGE F. Just wish they'd make their own stories this is getting stupid imho
I bet Mando and the Child get separated next episode and Ahsoka has to help the child get back to Mando. It would parallel her first appearance from the Clone Wars movie. Maybe she'll even give the Child a nickname, like she did with "Stinky" the Hutt!
man oh man I really hope the next episode is 50-60 minutes maybe even more, I just feel like there’s so much that’s gonna happen that it would be cool if we could get a long mid-season episode with the debut of Ahsoka, and much much more‼️
This makes me think that's why he got Ben Solo. A Skywalker that was able to create snoke. It's a stretch maybe but hey. It's a theory.
I don’t like, That they make references to the sequels :/  Mandalorian had so much potential to be something independent
I ALSO THOUGHT IT FELT LIKE KEJIM
Way is it just me that only now found out that this is not going back In time and it's another of yodas kind
Shame that all of this is to justify and try to elevate from the shitty place the fukdup sequels. If you love Star Wars you hate the sequels. Because in every angle you could see them ys only suffering. A vision of Star Wars so stupid and unrespectful, so useless and throwing 6 films, 2 animated series and decades of love to de sarlacc's pit. STAR WARS ENDED WITH EPISODE VI.
People are talking about Cara Dune having the oportunity to exit the show. And some arent liking her tweets of the election conspiracies spread by trumpism....
- The Child Red/Blue wire scene reference to MCU Baby Groot scene - Mythosaur skull missing on top of the armorer workshop door - Aqualish species thieves  - Lava Meerkat in cage - Mimbanese Mechanic (Solo) - IG-11 Memorial Statue - New school instead of the bar (Fight end of season 1) - Droid lesson:  1- Chandrila: new capital of New republic (hometown of Mon Mothma and Ben solo) 2- Akkadese Maelstorm which surround kessel (Solo) - Mythrol can't see with left eye reference to Han Solo Carbonite - Landspeeder very similar style to Luke X-34 - Flange Cutter might be reference to the F-187 fusioncutter from Battlefront Fix/Slice - Trexler Maruder used at the end of season 1 - Mythrol "No guard rail" line, reference to Family Guy No railing Death Star technicians - Imperial Scientists wearing Kamino logo arm patch - Film crew member visible in frame @18:54 - Experiment By Ludwig Season 2 Vol 1 soundtrack plays, Not Snoke's theme by John Williams - Rebel Alliance badge, Phoenix inside a sunburst - Arquitens-class Imperial light cruiser - “You’ll be well-rewarded in the new era” might be reference to The First Order - Shiny black armour containing Dark troopers - Phase III - White coveralls technician with the Imperial Department of Military Research - IDMR logo
My favorite scene was when the Stormtroopers from the base got on their speeder bikes and went over the edge and down the lava cliffs, it just looked really cool
I have a theory: Supreme leader Snoke will rise after the fall of moff Gideon.
I think they were shadow troopers.
The project at the facility reminds me of Desann and Admiral Fayarr in Jedi Outcast. An army of Force sensitive Imperial Remnant, the Reborn! It’s all sounds pretty cool.
I guess I should've seen it coming, but I'm pretty disappointed that mando is gonna connect to the sequel trilogy.
If it is palpatine then that means he trusted moff gideon bcz almost no one knew he was force sensitive
W
I kind of miss the Empire all having British accents. It just feels a bit *off* to me hearing them with American ones.
Can we not talk about snoke or the first order in the mandolorian? This show is suppose to make me forget about the sequels
They are resurrecting the emperor aren't they? 😖
See all i know is without any knowledge of the new saga, my brain went to vader in a bacta tank. Then the dark rows of soldiers made me think army of vader clones.
Denofnerds played the end of the episode with the "sight impaired captioning" and it called those things "Dark troopers".  Pretty sure it's some more legends injection into canon from Dark Forces.
Imagine the breakdown being half the mf length of the episode
at first I was like ah just another filler episode 🙄 UNTIL I SAW THE  CLONES
I highly doubt Moff Gideon has anything to do with the first order he's to greedy  everything he's doing is probably for his own self whenever she says the new era she probably means whenever Gideon takes control of the sector and reinstates Imperial control
Are u gonna do the Darth Vader #8 comic Video? I need u to explain a moment that happen in the comic🤣
Yea.. this is heading towards major sequel vindication territory.... so I'm out. Horrific movies.
When we see boba again 😞😞😞
0:41 this scene reminded me of Rorschach from watchmen lifting his mask to eat out of a can of food.  Edit: Rest In Peace Rorschach
I was hoping the Sequel Trilogy wouldn't be worked into the show. Alas, it has emerged like a cancer.
I litaraly Screamed of joy when they found the lab and my first thought was "are they cloning again?"
Dark Troopers. Enhanced soldiers. They are really pulling stuff from everywhere and it's awesome
Lmfao... “you know she’s evil cuz of the snake noise..” you’re not wrong Theory😂
We now officially have all the scenes from the season 2 trailer
I think we’ll see boba again next season I dont think he’ll fit in with what’s going on right now
Lets be honest, Bo Katan and Mando are going to meet back up and get the Marvin Gaye going and create baby Mando......... This is the way. Lmao
How does he shower and eat tho
Before hating the last trilogy you are keeping talking about the mandalorian. You should pay money to Disney for using that material in your "free" channel
I am more looking forward to seeing what people get offended by this time, last 2 episodes its been something lol
bro who in Hollywood earned the blue dude so much screen time yeeeseeesh
bro this show is bad how is it so over rated the acting is shit. like wtf the cinematic are amazing. the acting and camera angles are just so bad man big let down. Still watching because I fucking love star wars but honestly acting and camera angles are terrible.
If this show is going to make the attempt to explain away the Sequal trash fire then it’s dead for sure to me.
Wow this is an awesome breakdown thanks! I didn’t know that They tried  to inject Sifo Dyas’s  blood into Grevious that’s sick, and I don’t know a lot of legends material but as I was watching it, it felt like something from legends that I’ve heard.  and sure enough you said it yourself the imperial base and the force sensitive stuff seemed inspired by Jedi outcast and force unleashed 2 (the later I am familiar with)
omg. what if they reinvent kyle katarn?! that'd be so dope
Mando’s dogfight with the tie fighters was absolutely breathtaking and was definitely a highlight of the episode. Im so astonished at the level of production and vfx we are getting from a show
Excellent video!!!
Film theory anyone like really
I don't like this episode because of sabrine wren I feel her dialogues are rushed and incomplete without any characterization and rather just to spite the audience
Do you think we'll see kylo ren? Or the knights of ren later on?
Gina Carano is so hot!!!!
can we all just imagine what it would feel like to see in the credits: Directed by  George Lucas.  honestly id lose my mind
I am disappointed that the show is looking to be tethering itself to the Sequel Trilogy. Try as I might to watch them and enjoy them, I keep finding myself getting upset and annoyed by the choices they made, the complete disregard for the original trilogy's roster of characters, and the blatant disregard of consistency throughout. The Mandalorian series along with an Ahsoka series were to me a great way to be an engaging and fresh direction to take the post-episode-6 story, and tie up the loose story thread of Ahsoka and Sabine looking for Ezra and subsequently Thrawn. While I believe we will still get those threads, they are now also being woven with threads of the sequels which is frustrating. I am holding out hope that in the end, the story of this show and the Ahsoka series will have their own, satisfying, unique, and untethered endings. I recognize that fans of the sequels want more material that justifies and supports the movies, and I want Disney to give them that, but I still would like it if those threads could be separate from those of other established characters such as Ahsoka, Sabine, and Ezra (Preferably Mando and The Child too, but I doubt that can happen now). Either way, at the end of the day, this is all just a story that is meant to entertain, and so I must recognize that if I do not get exactly what I want, it may very well be what others want, and that is a good thing too. This is the way.
What sucks is last week and this week the episodes have only been 30 min long:(
Maybe I was wrong but I thought the Imperials who would become the first order fled to the unknown regions while some Imperial warlords were left behind trying to do their own thing. I assumed Moff Gideon was one of those separate warlords trying to bring about his own new empire and not with the future First Order. If he is trying to make Snoke, I don’t see how they would connect.
Am I the only one thinking it is always the same scenario ? Need to repair ship, delay the main quest again, do a side quest, kill everybody, get back to ship, fly to another planet.. I have the feeling the main story is constantly delayed..
I think throughout the sessions there going to show the progress into the first order And hopefully we see more bokatan and see if he realizes that the way he was raised was not the true mandalorian way
The ones who directly ties The Mandalorian to the Disney sequel trilogy are just overthinking. I'm pretty sure the legends are coming back like Thrawn books did and those are the phase one Dark Troopers or some cyborg phase from the Dark Trooper, cuz stormtroopers are just useless. Then in this case and in this stage of the majority of fandom (and also actors) disgusted by the Disney sequel trilogy in general and in love or into the vibe of The Mandalorian (around the world), it would be stupid to tie their lifeboat to a shipwreck, not mentioning that it is totally normal for Hollywood companies to do a soft reboot.  That being said, it explains why we are going to have lots of spin-off shows from The Mandalorian, they are testing us and so far... they are doing great. It's like they are recovering the bones from the original sequel script and giving not just a flesh, but also a soul for a huge galaxy under a new political system from the new republic in trying times, the mythos from the Force crossing paths with quantified science of the Force, the underworld... like George Lucas wanted. With a touch of old fandom with Legends tying the story or giving based ground for "veracity" in the lore for the star wars fandom.
I got those same Kejim vibes too! In season 1 the twilek sister to Quinn also mentions Alzoc III, a planet a bonus level takes place on where  Kyle and Jan raid a Remnant Base.  I really love the reuse of this stuff! Here's to hoping we get a subtle Kyle Katarn reference!   Or at least a glimpse of the Moldy Crow...
I really hope they don’t make the sequel movies cannon. Because those movies are so bad.
Blue fish dude, "Mithril,” I think, says he's still blind in his left eye. However, we see him shooting his blaster in his left hand. This could be on purpose, because he is cross dominant (left hand shooting, right eye aiming), or lying to make Din feel bad. It could also be an accident, and the actor is left handed.
Why is Sidious in the preview shot.....
It's getting goooooooooood. Awesome channel love watching the vids every week 👍
Vaati version of Star Wars, is this?
You know, it's interesting, how many people hated the idea of midi-chlorians when it first got introduced, but the more I think about it, the more natural it seems that back then, when the Force and the Jedi were common knowledge, people just needed kind of a scientific explanation for it, just because of the natural human instinct of questioning things. They just weren't satisfied with the Force considered as "magic". I think none of us would. And as these failed attempts of artifical reproduction shows, they still don't know much about it. So it opens quite a bunch of opportunities for storylines like this, even though I really hate the sequels, and I really don't want the Mandalorian to lead up to it. Snoke and Zombie Palpatine just need to be flushed down the toilet, even Space Gus is a way more promising character then them. Thrawn would be cool too.
So finaly this series exists exclusevly in Disney canon (i mean it always was official but it dodnt contradict legends) . Unfortunetly. I thought it could exist in new and old timeline which i am fan of. Ehhh.....
Got to say this one was put together well. Many of us, including me, thought they couldn't outrank episode three but this one was pretty darn awesome!
Not sure if I saw this wrong, but when Cara Dune fights off the bad guys in the beginning, the setting looks like the Armorer's melting place in season 1?? sum1 reply tell me if im wrong thx
I think they were trying to use Baby Yoda to clone Snoke for first order building! That would explain why Snoke is so powerful.
*I fucking lost my shit when I saw the failed clones*
7 ads in a 12 minute video!!  SICK OF IT YOUTUBE!!!!!
He's already taken it off and shown his face once, he should be able to do it again.
The imperials are too dumb, they're like the Keystone Cops...it's over the top.
QUICK GO TO 18:53 IN THE NEW EPISODE AND YOU SEE A CREW MEMBER BEHIND GRIEF CARGA 😂👍
I would be glad that its Snoke if he wasn't a worthless character. The sequels poison would ruin the mandalorian.
@starwarstheory66 I've been thinking about your JK2 Kejim reference. I think you are on to something. They would take place in a similar timeframe (it was set 8 years post Endor), and Moff Gideon is clearly trying to infuse people with the Force.
It bugs the crap out of me when people call "the child" baby Yoda! Am I the only one?!?!?
I like how every episodes  mando talks to baby yoda more and more he’s making proggres
2:54 hehe brief karga
One thing I've noticed no one comment on is how grief and the tie fighters were using targeting computers and barely hitting anything, but when mando shows up he appears to not be using any sort of assisted targeting. Which goes to show how incredible of a warrior he really is
Was this outpost the same one from rouge one?? Asking for a friend.
I really hope this sets up events in the sequels, as a sort of redemption for them
They’re PURGE TROOPERS!
Nice visual borrowing from Star Trek where the Dark Troopers are lined up in alcoves like Borg drones.
thanks for the breakdown, you reckon that the little girl is rey in the classroom?
The only bad thing about Mandalorian is that I have to wait another week for another episode.
I thought the things in Moff Gideon’s room were Imperial Battle droids
I was also hoping we'd see the transition of Empire to First Order across the course of The Mandalorian.
I kinda hate all these references to sequels. Mandalorian was so pure without this crap.
I loved the correlian run Easter egg/reference
I hope that the clone is luke, so that could mean the one from the sequels is a clone, and luke could still be alive
Lol after seeing the troopers i turned to my brother and said are those the super powerful troopers from forced unleashed. Those were kind of op
Dude the dog fight was so good
I think they look more like phase 1 dark troopers than shadow troopers
Nice to see a live action mimbanese close up
1:15 Also the same species as Gunny from Squadrons
I think that they are trying to jedi using metaclorians but there most success will be snoke or the strongest
The armor stays on, this is the way
I like the way baby Yoda grabs the cookies, it’s as if the silver cylinder object is representing a lightsaber, slowly wiggling to a force user who is still learning, like Luke in Empire Strikes Back
What does bby Yoda mean when he says ‘patu’?
That golden Republic plaque - thingy looks dope
Real question is how did giddion escape navarro.
Haha yess I knew it was a macaroon
You should do what if ashoka went to mustifar with obiwon
Could be Darth Vader's blood. Could be Luke's blood too. Mando could show how Maz ends up getting Anakin/Luke's lightsaber. It would be interesting.
The thing I love the most about this show is everybody talks like normal low life people not like some alien. Everything is relatable and yet a cool fantasy.
This episode actually made last Jedi slightly less stupid. Wow. The fact that snoke is made in a lab, and has baby yodas blood transfused into him??! Wow
Maybe the clones are clones of jar jar
Who is the "volunteer" the doctor mentions in the holographic message? Perhaps Boba has once again got in league with the Empire?
Dont take this the wrong way swt, but im going to unsub from your account til Mando is over, i get home late and i cant watch it in time not to get spoiled, and your thumbnails are enough to help me figure out a plot point, so ill see you again after the season is over, bye for now
Absolutely loved this episode 😁
i reckon moff giedon answers to someone as well maybe thrawn and if we push it, this could be jorrus c'boaths idea (he is from a book in legends)
I thought those troopers at the end were inferno troopers like Iden  versio from battlefront 2
[SPOILER ALERT ] They are using the cloning technique  which is shown in force unleashed game, right?
Brilliant
I'm afraid. I don't want Moff Guideon been related with Palpatine clones. I prefer the idea he's trying to create a force-sensitive clon army. More like Heir to the Empire, and less than Dark Empire
For the lady imperial officer onboard the cruiser, I really don’t get the term dressed like a “Empire first order hybrid style uniform” if that’s the standard gray outfit for imperial officers. Need a little more info on that statement. Thanks 👍😀
thats actually a macaron, not a macaroon. the first one is delicious, the second is a gross lump of coconut
The only thing I have not liked of the whole show is the extreme speed with which the ship is repaired. Too convenient.
Imagine how different the Star Wars Franchise would be if Filoni and Favorou were in charge of the "Sequel Trilogy". It would have completely SMASHED all known records for all Trilogy Films in existence $$$. The Disney Theme Parks would have followed and been infinitely more successful $$$ . Even general merchandise $$$ and video games $$$ would have followed with more success (no shade to Fallen Order, I see you killing it). Imagine the executive number crunchers at Disney looking at millions lost due to going one direction VS. billions gained if they would have used their resources better.
also I couldn't help but notice that the cookies were macaroons lol took me out for a second cause they're a fairly fancy cookie for being passed off as random snack on a backwater planet lol
Looks like they're going to attempt to salvage the Sequel Trilogy with this show. Will continue to watch with cautious optimism.
Who else though the black suits at the end were many Darth Vadars  No one just me? Ok...
maaan, that's exactly why I love this episode. the Jedi Outcast vibes....pfff I was thinking the same thing and ofc, the force unleashed vibes...
Dark Troopers~ ^w^
The evidence they were destroying looked like Star Killer Base.
either its for palpatine clones, or they're trying the same thing they tried with grevious, but the  midiclorians and force abilities dont work the way they are trying. even vader had difficulty cloning starkiller, but I'm happy that midiclorians are being somewhat referenced, I personally never had an issue with the concept, but the mando show can definitely make them work for everyone lol
Theory last thumbnail was good ,u did not give anything . Here I clearly got to know that we will get to see something cloning stuff . Not fair theory
Stop doing hints to the episode in the thumbnail
This was my favorite episode yet! Had all my favorite parts of star wars minus a lightsaber fight.
Could those bodies in the tubes be attempts at making Snoke or a Palpatine clone
Speeder bike scenes were dope 👍🏽
Honestly the mandalorian is a boring show
Tbh I was pretty disappointed in this episode. 1and 3 were amazing but 2 and 4 were meh. The fact that their are only 8 episodes in this season means that they need to use filler sparingly. They build up so much but they don’t do enough with it. Boba, Ashoka, Gideon, bo, the dark saber, and Cobb have so much potential. I just want this show to succeed but they have a lot to work on for season 3.
38 trending for gaming!!
Where do you think baby Yoda is in “the rise of sky walker”?
Part of me kinda also wants to see cal kestus, fallen order was goated
I really hope that ROTJ Luke makes an appearance. It would be cool to see Ahsoka and Luke fight alongside each other, just like Anakin and Ahsoka. A little bit of rhyming there
Oh man, an mimbanese working for the empire even if the empire attacked their planet? lol
I am amazed seeing Imperials still wearing those fancy uniform and serving the losing Empire to death
I HAVE A THEORY!!!  baby yoda’s blood is used to create a clone for the emperor, aka the emperor’s “son”  the timeline matches up, this is about 20 years before TFA so rey should be born soon, therefore the mandalorian is taking place very close to the creation of palpatine’s son and rey  ALSO BIG POINT: this would mean rey would have a connection to baby yoda becasue baby yodas blood was used for reys father THEREFORE THEY HAVE THE SAME FORCE HEALING POWER!!! there is a connection here!!!
Baby Yoda leading to Snoke was my theory since Season 1. I really love what this show has done so far
Now im curious will they make another star wars movie where baby yoda is young enough where he train with ahsoka  Sorry if my grammar sucks
Baby yoda is gangsta
You know at that part when Mando was having his soup, I wondered if baby yoda tried to look at him while Mando lifted his helmet slightly. Because by the look of it, it seemed to me that baby yoda was curious about who's under the helmet.
Does nobody in the comments remember them saying this season would look at the origins of the first order? I mean come on it was obvious they were going to tie in to sequels somehow and now we know it’s snoke(remember snoke’s theme song plays when they show the containers) which imo just proves further it’s snoke
The fact that it was blatantly obvious, after watching “The Rise of Skywalker”, why Baby Yoda was being pursued is still lost on people is beyond my comprehension.
How about Caleb Dunes sister Kanan Jarrus from Alderon
I'm glad you make these breakdown videos. I couldn't entirely make out the suites at the end. Was it just an armory where they stored it? Was someone in it? Thank you for your take on it. I didn't know too much about the Shadow Troopers from Legends.
Not gonna lie. The smurf guy was the star lf this episode
Bro, again with the spoilers in the video's title card? Thank you for spoiling the emperor's clone appearance before I watched the episodes.
REEEEEEEEEE!
4:14 I thought that was palpatines theme? from ROTS
*Dark Troopers are coming!!!!*
Here’s a theory, in Season 3 episode 6 of the clone wars. We’re introduced to a character named korky. He refers to Satine Kryze as his aunt. Is it possible that this ‘korky’ character could be Bo-Katan’s son considering that Bo-Katan is Satine’s sister. I also would like to add that the resemblance korky has to Bo-Katan is there in my opinion.
I dunno man...I like to believe that Ep8 and 9 (7 was ok) are gone from existence
i really don’t want the mandalorian to connect with the shitty sequels
Din can actually  take his helmet off in the presence of the Child, as he is part of his clan.
Fact: Season 2 is amazing so far.
Lol
Theory: Walter White joins forces with Ahsoka Tano to bring an end to Moff Gideon and the imperial remnant .
Baby Yoda, aka The Child, aka Kevin stealing snacks is priceless... 🥰
NOOOO. The only thing I asked of this show was as for it to NEVER connect to episodes 7-9. No one wants that trash. They better de-cannonise ep.7-9 with the madalorian. NOT build up to it. Stop with this First order crap and do something new with the Mandolorian.  We don’t care about 7-9.    Kylo the last skywalker (through leía) had to kill Palpatine. Not Rey. The chosen one prophecy could’ve been kept through family, but Disney screwed it up and let Palpatine a own blood kill him....7-9 suck.
“OMG HE SAID FORTNITE” -that one nine year old who’s older brother is a Star Wars fan**
the show has dumbed down, too much comic relief
NOOOO. The only thing I asked of this show was as for it to NEVER connect to episodes 7-9. No one wants that trash. They better de-cannonise ep.7-9 with the madalorian. NOT build up to it. Stop with this First order crap and do something new with the Mandolorian.  We don’t care about 7-9.    Kylo the last skywalker (through leía) had to kill Palpatine. Not Rey. The chosen one prophecy could’ve been kept through family, but Disney screwed it up and let Palpatine a own blood kill him....7-9 suck.
This show is AMAZING!!!!
Dark Trooper / Shadow Trooper up in this bitch!  when is gideon gonna go to the Valley of the Jedi so we can go full Dark Forces here?
BREAKING NEWS: Jon Favreau and Dave Filoni are being sent to the hospital due to breaking their backs from carrying an entire franchise.
I just to make a shoutout to the stormtrooper that acually was able to hit the mandalorian. Whos with me?
one thing this season has taunt me is never trust any aliens
Have to give mandelorian writers credit. They’re legitimately trying to unify all the movies/stories in a cool, thoughtful way. Tbh, I hated the clone storyline after tros because it felt shoehorned in to suit JJ. But this makes more sense, so I’m pleasantly surprised.
Thank you for another great video! I am still dissapointed that Snoke's character was wasted in episodes 8 and 9, and turned out to be a pointles pawn of Palpatine rather than this intimidating new character. If that weren't the case, it would be cool to see a younger Snoke, employeeing Moff Gideon, creating the "new era" aka the First Order.
Snoke music and hint showing clones is pretty cool ngl
Can you give us your thoughts on this: https://youtu.be/fEkhyRwUjU4
At some point the "troopers are incompetent" trope has gone so far, it feels safer to face a full regiment of storm troopers than just one wild beast in a cave.  That has become a disservice to the SW universe, because if 4 guys are all that's needed to walk all over an imperial military base, the fact that the rebels are still nowhere near victory after over 2 generations of figting just means they are as incompetents or even worse, stupid; too focused on the small victories and little backwater piracy and not cohesive or ambitous enough to even dare play the big game changer, amways reacting instead of taking the initiative.  They liberate planets but don't do the follow up, go somewhere else instead and let the Empire take all back again when they're gone (I dare you to count the shoking number of times that happened)     While in fact it's really the dysney plot writers who are ordered to never wrap this story line because they would have to do original content - and we saw what they did when they pûts their hands on the last trilogy hahahaha -  instead of milking to death the same overused plot in circles.  The small jokes, small lore details and small stuffy charecters made for toys sales are fun, when the big story is boringly bland. The action stopped having any impact since the opposition are never showed they are going to be a threat anyways, except for seasons finale (maybe).   To sum it up, The Mandalorian is at its best when it's not doing Star Wars but its own thing, standalone space western bounty hunting adventures.  Because they suck at doing Star Wars things.
But we seem to be over looking the fact that if this is an early snoke, the empire is going to either kill the child or capture and drain most of it's blood to create a successful snoke. And given that palpatine has a heap of clones on exagol the little guy is in a lot of danger if this is confirmed to be snoke.
I immediately thought they were Dark Troopers
Yea I can believe this is the tie in to snoke since he was not really known off.. but this episode was very informative and loved the timing of it
My theory is they're trying to create Starkiller from The Force Unleashed
Have to wait more to see Ahsoka Tano?? Ughh
Hey Theory, love your channel and content! If you are thinking that the body in the tank is ACTUALLY Snoke, how would you explain the body surviving the whole base exploding? Wouldn't all the bodies in the tanks die in the explosion? I think the "Snoke Theme" is just foreshadowing what the empire is trying to accomplish.
If you didn't stay for the credits, this episode was directed by Carl Weathers himself and written by Favreau.
I'm more inclined to believe they are dark troopers, that were introduced to me in the FPS Star Wars game for PC in 1995 called Dark Forces!
Bro when I watched it this morning I immediately thought Snoke, when I saw the lab scene.
what if Boba’s the volunteer?
Dave Filoni and Jon Favreau need to be apart of everything going forward.
🤘
Why do you use that weird voice? Talk normally
Why does the imperial officer at the end of episode look so familiar?
would've like a mention about mando lifting up his helmet just a bit to drink with baby yoda, their bond is growing and it shows
If u look closely to the left at 18.50mark of the episode you can see a man standing wearing jeans and tshirt  Thank me later lol
If they're going to tie in with the Disney sequel, I'm gonna stop watching SW for good >:
.   I’d like to see 60 min episodes
WHERE THE FUCK IS AHSOKA
Ahsoka is always saving kids from palps lol. Hopefully they use her survival to retcon some crap out.
What if Snoke is just a clone that barely survived the experiment because the original "volunteer" was not available. What of that "volunteer" was actually an infant Ray who was hidden as a last ditch effort? I don't know enough as many of you do or the chronology of it all, but Snoke always appeared too fragile to me.
Yeah no reason to have palpitine in the thumbnail spoiled the base lab surprise. Thanks so much bro 👎
bruh how is this trending for gaming
baby yoda = the chosen one
Anyone else think the officer at the end was absolutely gorgeous?
Perhaps...Maul??? 🤔🤔🤔
Everyone likes baby yoda until he takes your snacks
LOVED this episode!  Totally cracked up when the Child took the cookies away from that kid.  Ha!
The Empire seems to be a total non threat at this point.... Sure Moff Gideon is intimidating and I love Giancarlo but all his underlings are useless..   Stormtroopers can’t hit anyone. Mando & crew have faced hundreds of stormtroopers and the only kill in return is Kuiil. TIE pilots can’t hit a straight moving target in an open field for some reason. They lose a dogfight flying state-of-the-art fighters to a super old, barely-held together transport ship... They’re just total cannon fodder at this point. At least troopers in Rogue one were able to be threatening and killed a good number of rebels. Plot armor is at an all time high... All his officers can’t accomplish anything. The ones who tried to destroy their transport failed last episode. The officers who tried to destroy the research evidence failed.   Sure Gideon has an intimidating vibe but it gets ruined when everyone who serves him is near useless...
Plot Twist: Mando is not Din Jarin he is actually Walter White.  I HAVE SPOKEN
I'm feeling the Dark Trooper vibe for sure especially with a little bit of the other Dark Forces and Jedi Knight legends hints.
Honestly this episode made me realize that I don't mind if the show at the most "foreshadows" or sets up the vague backstory surrounding the sequels, if it's done by those who actually know star wars and know how to make good star wars stories.
1:17 this character is a Mimban. Mimbon is the planet Han Solo fights for the Imperials at the start of Solo. The species is also the U-Wing pilot in star wars squadrons story mode.
..he always takes it off when he eats...like in that village
Every thing is ok, but why they made troopers fail Purposely?
They look more like the dark troopers. Maybe a hybrid between the phase 1 droid version and the phase 2 with humans inside
Aw mando is taking baby yoda to school
i think they are vader suits for the clones
Shouldn't the empire have had enough force sensitive blood after order 66? Being that they did kill around 10,000 Jedi..
Man watching this episode made me wonder. do we even need feature length Hollywood movies anymore? if a weekly episodic series can look this good.. That little dog fight mando had with the ties may have been better than any dog fight in the new trilogy. awesome episode.
This villians now seem too powerful for mando alone so  I feel a team up coming. Ahsoka or Boba fight scene with new era empire will  push this show to a 11/10
This actually is starting to make the the sequels more interesting. I hope they use this show to help fix some of the issues with those movies. I'm also wondering if Rey's parents will show up at all in this
Am I the only one that noticed that mandos helmet made a pressure noise as he removed his helmet slightly indicating maybe he's done the Same as bo katan and the other mandos too 🤔
Or perhaps we'll use Mandalorian to Erase the Disney Trilogy
41 on trending for gAMING??? WHAT???
What are the odds that....Ahsoka will be captured and used as the new donor
I thought Kara could be related to Iden
I think Ahsoka will be captured and we're going to get a heavy kicker with her death after they take her blood or something
The music in this is making me so anxious
I was wondering where the Armorer was this whole episode.
I didn't think him lifting his helmet for the soup was foreshadowing that he'll eventually show his face, I thought it was just them finally answering the common question of how Mando eats.
I love you too bro
Why did this show explain Palpatine and Snoke better than episode 9?
If baby yoda dies when this whole series comes to a complete end. I wouldnt be mad at all. Itll make a great impact to the audience.
Snoke was a failed palpatine clone
Ahsoka Tano will die. When Rey was hearing the Jedi voices she heard hers and all the Jedi she heard were all dead. I just hope she gets a heroic death.
Plot twist: shadow troopers are early knights of wren or snokes guards
I’m tired of this side quest bs it’s so boring. Every episode “we need your help”
that baby yoda with the cables scene felt like that baby groot with the detonator scene
Mind blown (gasp)
Carl Weathers did a great job behind the camera...
Whew!!!!!! That’s a great 👍🏾 breakdown!
when does all of this take place and who is snoake?
My mind went to Vader.
DARK FORCES VIDEO GAME VIVES..DARK TROOPS>> GOOSEBUMPS>>> THE CLONE THINGS WITH HIGH M (MITICLORIANS) SNOKE CREATION PROCESS>> DISLIKE THAT  .. LEAVE MY OLD STAR WARS ALONE..
You forgot the Easter egg of the crew member in jeans standing in the shot
lmao when this is #43 on Trending for Gaming
Maybe the mandalorian will fix the plot holes in the sequels
I am really exited for future episodes. I think they are going to reveal that those are clones of palpatine or somthing
This is trending for gaming now it’s on normal trending
Ok, two things. One: I knew ahsoka wouldn’t show up but the episode was still great. Two: I had a scary albeit possibly awesome idea: Is mando about to redeem the sequels? Maybe a little at least? I mean Luke can show up, we’ll learn why Palpatine came back... idk just a thought
Ahsoka please stay safe
DARK FORCES VIDEO GAME VIVES !!!! LUV IT !!!!!!
I thought the guys at the end were more reminiscent of dark troopers
Did anyone else notice that one of the girls in the school had hair that looked exactly like Rey's? ...I have a bad feeling about this
Dark Troopers. Holly Cow.. ... even the phrases ... there they are blast them..  WOW !!!! Back to the first DARK FORCES VIDEO GAME  >>>>
Dave and Jon should reboot the sequels.
what if obiwan never discovered the clone army on kamino
Awesome breakdown!
BULLSHIT, WE DIDNT GET TO SEE IT SPIT FIRE FAKE BULLSHIT FAKE BULLSHIT FAKE BULLSHIT the worst "cookies" fake ass cookies and they change in the credit art
Btw they're pronounced Ma-Ka-Rohns
Phase 1 dark troopers 👌🏽
just wondered how baby yoda ended up at the place where he met mando the first time. considering he is 50 years old, where have he been for the last 50 years?? is that ever explained before?
Does no one else think that the razor crest is modeled and used like a basilisk war droid from the great mandlorian conquest
I just want to hear live action Ahsoka say "Im no Jedi" that would make my day.
The possibility that Bail Organa and Cara Dune are related, I'm crossing my fingers for that.
Stop pretending. The show is horrible. The acting is horrendous. The dialogue is cheesey. There is no plot. No chemistry between the stars. You say your line then I'll say mine. The empire is honestly pathetic. They are goofy and incompetent. No menace at all.
I wish Favreau and Feloni could just ignore the sequels and be put in charge of a replacement trilogy. I hope Kennedy leaves soon and give one or both of them the mantle.
I think that they're grabbing from the original dark forces with the dark troopers, combined with the force unleashed two and the failed cloning attempts. possibly even pulling from the attempts at cloning palpatine / Luke as well from legends.
Mando, Greef, and Cara are the best trio
Leia's step sister? 😏👀
I liked this episode except for the facts that empire soldiers are still absolutely useless and we don't feel scared for the characters as we know empire are pure noobs, there is no challenge. Second point was I dislike that its linked to snoke and the sequels palpy crap. The Mandalorian for me was the bright point in the dark of all the sequels crap, because it was not linked to it, now it is getting into those stories of cloning snoke and stuff, which I absolutely dislike, as not only we know the result of snoke cloning (and so there is no mystery nor excitement seeing how it ended..) but again imagine the possibilities and the paths they could have taken, write a better story than the sequels instead of clinging to it and its terrible writing. Other than those 2 points which breaks my immersion in the serie, it was a good episode.
Its a bit disappointing that Favreau and Filoni would turn such a great series into a mere prologue for a shitty, dumpsterfire movie trilogy. They re doing a reall great job and now their work will have sequel-cooties all over it.
I think this series is what's gonna fix the sequels like the clone wars fixed the prequels.
What there was a watch party?! I stayed up till 2 am last night to watch it myself
Carl Weathers directed this episode. If this is any indication of his directorial abilities then he should be doing more.   Oh, and can we see more Cara Dune, please?
I thought in the end it had to be inquisitor armour so that why they needed force sensitive blood
I have a feeling Ahsoka will end up dying at some point this season. She talked to Rey in RoS and if I remember correctly, only the dead were able to speak to her.
Pershing didn't say they were putting Force sensitive blood in clone bodies, as you just narrated, he said they put it into volunteers. We have no idea as to whether these "volunteers" were clones, and not just regular non-Force sensitive people. As you also pointed out, which is what they attempted to do with Sifo Dyas's blood. And at 6:37 the cloning Dr. dude didn't say they'd, 'likely find a donor with a higher m-count,' he said, 'they would likely NOT find a donor with a higher m-count,' because Yoda species have mad midichlorian counts, yo. So finding a Force sensitive with a higher count than a Yoda species, would be limited to Skywalker, seeing as one of their grand-parents was the Force.
in the part where he talks about alderaan, it felt like jyn erso's theme  Sorry for my bad english
I think those were cybernetic Darktroopers around Moff Gideon!
Disney going to fuck themselves because The mandolin is a prequel to the third saga
I think is interesting how nobody has made the connection between Cara  Dume and Jedi Knight Kanan Jarrus, (Caleb Dume). Following Dave's line  of thinking I'm sure that's not just a coincidence. We'll see when Ezra  and Thrawn shows up.
What is the thing at 9:44?
Can u please do Vader episode 2 shards of the please
Such a short episode
Great you caught the final credit scene drawings with the flaming space weasel!
Troopers at the end gave me TFU2 VIBESsssss
How did they fix the razor crest in like a day ?
Love it!! I remember them saying it would link to the sequels and how the first order came about. It’s really dark and secretive. Don’t like the sequels but this is ace
Always well done and informative. Love your insight
Theyre actually dark troopers, if you watch in descriptive audio it straight up says "dark tooper"
How else is Mando supposed to drink soup without lifting his helmet?
I loved this episode simply because the story, universe everything just feels bigger and the plot has more danger.
I'm worried that Disney is going to use The Mandalorian to further cement the events of the sequel trilogy. I was hoping that nonsense would eventually fade into memory.
"There they are, blast them" I believe that storm trooper line is from A New Hope when they are fighting there way back to the Millennium Falcon.
Dune as in Kanan dume formally know as Kanan Jarrus from rebels.
Whatever happened to the armorer from season 1.  I hope she is alright
Just wondering. Dont know if this is even in cannon or legends. Would it have been possible for the empire to have cloned Darth Vader/anakin Skywalker? Surely since palpatine cloned himself that he would have got samples of vader just incase. And in the prequels he could have got a sample of anakin for if anakin never turned he could make a dark anakin or something from the DNA of anakin and the DNA of palpatine.
Thanks for the content. Always amazing
Baby Snoke????????????
10:04 now is that Bree Larson or no? Cause it definitely looks like her
I was hoping they would stay away from the trilogy 😑 also I think the imperial commanders should all be old guys or women that u can see they've been through some shit and have earned their spot.
Can’t be IG11s parts. He uh... blew up
So much joy with this show.
The troopers are confirmed DARK TROOPERS from the descriptive audio on this episode!   They are NOT SHADOW TROOPERS.  Great video still!
Wasn't that a light saber on the desk at the end?
I feel like mando is gonna get in trouble while in the razor crest and then boom maybe slave 1 pops out of no where to save the day hoping to see boba again this season 😎
Imagine they are actually trying to make star killer
HYPE FOR ASHOKA VS DARK TROOPERS LIVE ACTION
LOVED the video. I didn't know about the fire-breathing 'meekrat' looking dude. Absolutely fantastic!
SPOILERS!!!!!!          JEDI OUTCAST VIBES HARDCORE THESE TROOPS ARE FOR SURE GONNA BE CANON SHADOW TROOPERS
The troopers are confirmed to be dark troopers by the descriptive audio track.
What if snoke has Ahsoka’s blood! Mando leads moth Gideon to ahsoka then they take her and her blood.....
Boba, snoke, ashoka... FIRST ORDER!! This season shits on the previous on so much
FoRtNiTe???!!!!!!????😂😂😂
@StarWarsTheory Someone might have already thought of this but doesn't Gideon's armor resemble a little bit of Vader's armor in a way
I think once the imperials track Mando down to his destination and discover Ashoka, they might go after her to use more blood samples for their projects. I also think that’s related to the way she’ll die. As we no longer hear anything from her in the sequels.😔
Mando used "A Good Trick" in the dogfight.......
Glad I am not the only one that got Jedi Outcast vibes!
I looked forward all day at work to watching this series.  It didn’t disappoint.
Can you do another Revenge of the Sith watch party, it’s my favorite of all of them. Also love your content, keep it up.👍🏻
Is/was Finn secretly or unknowingly a shadow trooper
Great breakdown. I watched last night on the stream. You mentioned the possibility that Baby Yoda was the donor. And again here. I thought that was obvious? Am I alone there?
really hope the clones are for the dark troopers and not you know who, the less we acknowledge the sequels the better
The Fact that you get this video out the same day the episode releases is pure dedication. :)
Sad that Mando did not use his flamethrower
HOLY BANTHA SHIT THE SECOND HALF OF THE SEASON IS GOING TO BE AMAZING
k
Theory: i think the alien guy who put the tracker on the razorcrest  did it so giddion can lead SHADOW TROOPERS to fight ahsoka on CORVIS.
All I can say is this, the cloning of force sensitive BETTER NOT lead to Jek-14 becoming canon. *Shudders
Really hope Ahsoka and Baby Yoda survive the show. Would be a realllyyy annoying ending if they died for the sake of Snoke or Dark Troopers. Would just be a waste of 2 great characters
One thing you didn’t mention, when the republican officer is speaking to Cara Dune you can hear a soft arrangement of “March of the resistance” in the background. Seems to me like a hint that Cara Dune will be somehow be involved in the birth of the resistance.
you think they will even stand a chance against Asoka?
I kind of predict that mando will be a step ahead with the tracking thing
What's green, red, has trouble turning in small corridors and force sensitive?
I forgot what is snoke again he is Palps clone right ?
soon as i saw the bodies in the water and the recording i knew the plan theyre using baby yoda, the species with the highest m, midichlorian, count because they need his ms for a clone of palpatine because not all clones are force sensitive even if their template is so they give the clone the force somehow someway eventually leading to palpatine in ros we know they used cloning technology to bring palp back because they mentioned it in ros and reys father is a failed clone of palp
Anyone else think that they might've been destroying plans for starkiller base at first?
I hope they don’t bring palpatine or snoke back 🤦🏼‍♂️
Dude this was almost worse than the Bill Burr prison break episode . . . This episode blew hard man . I’m going to forget it happened .
If those are Dark Troopers, can we get Kyle Katarn as canon now please?
I say those clones aren't snoke or the emperor I say Moff is trying to make force sensitive clones and maybe canonising starkiller
They did have robotic dark troopers at least in some legend although they were created in a foundry ship called the iron hammer
Are we gonna see agent Blackhole?! Is Moff Gideon Agent Blackhole?!
This episode answered a question I've been wondering about for a long time: *How does Mando eat?*
Gonna bet those folks in tubes aren’t anything to do with Snoke. My bet is Gideon wants to inject himself with midichlorians to use the force.
I really don't want the sequels involved in this show. I feel it will taint it.
I feel like the experiments are another nazi parallel. The nazis did terrible experiments so what do you guys think?
I hate the dialog in the end. "You're from alderan, huh? Did you loose anybody?" What kinda question is that? Her whole planet was destroyed! Great episode, but cmon really?
WHAT!!! BOBA FETT IS ALIVE???
I thought this episode was amazing, however I’m unsure how I feel about cloning force sensitives and essence transfer, even in legends and now canon I didn’t like Sidious coming back. Although I did like Starkiller
If the Mandolorian ties in with the Sequels there is only one fate for Baby Yoda. DEATH. PERIOD. The Sequels have to be an alternative timeline.
Pls for the love of god... SCRAP the Palpatine clone crap
For whatever reason when Dr Pershing said M-count I never thought it was Midi-chlorians as I don’t remember anyone calling it like that.
Gina as Cara is awesome! We need more time with this character!
Fun fact! The theme that plays when the rebel pilot leaves Cara Dune is a version of the resistance theme
Why would you look at that. They’re explaining how snoke was made better than the sequels. I think that if these directors were involved in the sequels, they would have shown a proper transition and explanation to the first order.
any mention of the sequels causes a bad taste in my mouth hopefully they can transition into them in a way where I won’t hate them as much. I feel like I’d actually like baby yoda becoming snoke if snoke didn’t die after 10 min screen time
Did anyone else pick up on all the New Hope references. Like literally the same sound clip when the storm troopers said "There they are, blast 'em" from New Hope. And a lot of the scenes seemed like homage to some of those original shots
Darktroopers are officially back, baby!
So the Empire is working on clones and baby Yoda was with them originally suggests it is a Yoda clone to me.
"Force sensitive cloning has a high probability of failing"  Jek 14 being the first Force Clone coming out successfully first try: Sure about that?
Maybe they want baby yoda to take his force and give it to palpatines new bodie
Can we have Ahsoka reestablish the jedi order and train baby yoda to be the grand master? please? let's just have a clean start no forced nostalgia trips no nonsense about everyone being related to previous main characters, just a clean start with no ties to the previous movies beyond taking place in the same timeline, an ORIGINAL story...
I hope they don’t try to connect this to the sequels 😬. Just make something fresh lol
God if they link this to the sequels I will riot.(kidding but that would not be cool) Just have Moff Gideon try to become the New Emperor using science to become a force sensitive.
I only watched the new trilogy like once so I don’t really know about it
This episode really gave me some The Force Unleashed 2 vibes
I wonder how Bo-Katan will come into play with this since he has the darksaber.
The alien that planted the tracking device on the Razor Crest is a Mimbanese which is the same species as Gunny from Star Wars Squadrons
A bit disappointing we didn't get ahsoka but great episode.
Jango fett was the donor but had bulba an unaltered clone so maybe he will play some part if needing him for his blood?
Are we all gonna ignore the fact that at 18:54 of the  Mandalorian, we see that Jeans, T-Shirts and Watches are now Canon?!?
You forgot to mention Baby yoda spoke a word again he said "huh" while Mando was telling him how to fix the conduits
In my opinion this was the best one yet
Oh that was a boy, I thought it was a girl
I think the helmet thing is a stretch. It's literally just him drinking.
Maybe they use Ahsoka’s blood to make Snoke
Anakin Skywalker
We have to give an applause to Carl Weathers, who directed this episode
Any chance we can get you to do an editorial comment on Gina Carano's conspiracy stupidity and Pedro's tantrums about his mask?  That seems like big juicy gossip we should talk about
So are they death troopers, shadow troopers or dark troopers and what’s the difference
Those blue milk cookies actually look good🔥
I think the “Snoke” is a red herring.
Great breakdown! Do you think we may see any references to Ezra or rebels now that we’re getting closer to Ahsoka? I’ve always thought one of the most interesting unexplored angles left is where rebels left us.
These episodes are so short 😭
Okay when they showed the tube lifeforms It played Plagueis' theme not Snokes so Palpatine or the empire is trying do something involving his old master
Oh man I Hope they don’t flesh out the story of snoke, since that was Episode 8s Job to do. Even if they did, snoke wasn’t an important character anyway. It would just be a waste of episodes they could use to tell other story’s. Mandalorian felt so good because it was mandos and baby yodas story. They’re going to ruin it if they involve Snoke or palpatine and make it about the fate of the whole galaxy again like in the movies
How is this trending on GAMING?!?!
Am I the only one who was happy baby yoda got electrocuted and wished it was worse? The kid needs to be disciplined and fed at home.
Kara was so badass in this episode
Best episode of the season IMO
To me I think those troopers are clones and that Gideon is pulling a Thrawn move and making a clone army. To me he is a warlord like the many we saw in legends.
God, if they try to shoehorn the awful writing from the original trilogy into this great show, i'm done
i like the idea that they are shadow troopers  but.... i remember back in the 80s... a read along book called planet of the droids... where the empire had created a stormtrooper droid that kinda looked like the red sith trooper but these droids were like 8 ft tall
Hope they wont include their shitty disney trilogy into mandalorian
Master Skywalker there are to many of them , what are we going to do ?
I’m getting tired of people shitting on the sequels, the show clearly is gonna connect to it, I hope it only retcons what NEEDS to be retconned, not the entire trilogy
I really need to get Disney plus to watch this
I don't remember Commander being such a big girl. Lady put on some weight.
The imperial officer talking to Moff looking kinda cute tho 😳
Carl Weathers went into straight Granddaddy MODE when he seen the child lol
I’ve already posted... but i hope Fav & Filoni get the chance to create their own trilogy separate to the current 9 we have. They just get Star wars so much. Would Love to see them be given a chance to create something with the Old Republic or In the future Republic, but stay away from Skywalkers.
Since Mando is exploring sequel related stuff, I think people will be much more accepting of the sequels in the future. Like what Clone Wars did for the prequels. We're finally getting much needed explanations for the First Order/Snoke/Palapatine
Anyone notice Moff Gideon’s suit looks just like Vader’s
How empire can live with these blind army (stromtroopers) more than 20 years ? Stromtroopers shown are like idiots in that show, but actually they are better than clone troopers
I feel like Gideon is gonna go after the child to get his blood for the experiments, however, by tracking mando it’ll lead him to discovering Ahsoka and he’ll switch to using her blood instead since she’ll probably have more to supply then the child
Another throwback moment was the one when the mythro interracted with the reactor controls and it made the exact same sound as in A New Hope when Obi Wan basically did the same thing.
Since cloning force users fails, that would mean that The Child is most likely not a clone of Yoda, but a child of the same species.  Moff Gideon also seems to want to be like Vader, to be the right-hand force enforcer of the Emperor. He dresses like Vader, he has the Dark Saber, and he most likely wants to gain force powers.
The whole episode I was just watching Gina carano’s bonkers
Volunteer could be mace windu?
The team in the Mandalorian is singlehandedly saving the sequels. A feat previously believed to be impossible.
hey theory... here's a good question for ya... if anakin's medaclorian ( i spel gud  lol) count was over 20000 as a child.... would the count grow as he grows older??
I think it makes the sequel trilogy more interesting! I like the idea that the empire/sith worshipers whatever, are so impatient to wait for a new sith lord to develop or theres no one educated enough to train a new sith lord, they want to create their own with tech instead. The Empire must feel they cant succeed without a sith lord? I like that the Mandalorian will only make the sequel trilogy more detailed!
I hope that the Mandalorian doesn't limit itself to the scope of the sequel trilogy. They should set up things beyond the sequel trilogy. Baby Yoda can be the future of star wars.
Why bother making a Snoke back story? He's such a pointless character and is killed off in the dumbest way possible.
Did the Protocol Droid mention the Maelstrom from Solo movie?!
THOSE WERE THE DARK TROOPERS FROM REBELS!
Is it just me or does the alien putting the homing beacon on the Razor Crest look like Ochi - the guy hired by Palpatine to kill Rey's parents?
Thank you for that detail about the base that looks similar to the Jedi Knight Outcast game! I always wanted to see the story after the battle of Endor since I was a kid. Much more than anything else that was coming before The Mandalorian. Agree?
1:15 the creature is a mimbanese
THIS IS NOT FILLER. This was probably the most important episode of the entire series so far, just because Ahsoka wasn't in it doesn't mean it's filler!
Sequel trilogy: "no! You can't give better backstory than us!" The Mandalorian: "haha better writing and fan service go brrr"
If Mandeloreon does begin to tie in to the Sequels it can be very risky however if anyone can make the Sequels better it is Dave Filoni and Jon Favreau
Am i the only one that noticed that the female imperial on call to the MOFF looks exactly like the imperial from Star wars battlefront 2 ???
✝️ Fellowship invite
I love that this Episode took so much from the JK games and brought back a lot of cool stuff from the EU!
Maybe they are Death-Trooper
Kinda bnb  Oooh hjojob Mmmmm bknnjk I Khihonpiiiihii. Obviously bby Up
Too many ads now while trying to watch.
Milk
They’re just trying to fix the disney trilogy but i was hoping that the show would just be about mando and not to fill in holes from the disney trilogy
Suggestion: Why did Mace scream like a baby when his hand got chopped off  But when Anakin gets his forearm chopped off he grunts
I think Disney knew wtf they were doing and everyone now looks like a jackass after these episodes,  is it a better story? We won't know but will they milk us for years to come u betchurass
the culinary experience with mando and the baby
The episodes are getting better and better, but I hope they dont go into the first order path. Im not sure on the cloning body. I definetly hope it isnt snoke, maybe indeed force injected troopers or something. I really liked the style and this series just shows the real star wars instead big budget movies that are repeating old goldies and use every original character or reference without thinking ahead. This series truly does. Plus, we still need to know more about the darksaber and how Gideon got it.
I’m worried for Ahsoka, rumor from early this year said BY would be captured and Din would spend season 3 trying to rescue him; what if it’s Ashoka that gets captured while fighting off these DT’s allowing Din to escape with BY. Personally I’d hate this as it’s shitting on fans to have her appear then bye, bye. Then have to wait till season three for here reappearance during her rescue. Fans want to see live action Ashoka for years to come, hopefully in her own series or alongside Bo.
I think that mando leads the Empire to Ashoka und then they will kill her
didnt you say no spoilers in the thumbnail until monday?
Hey Star Wars Theory, you got some solid content dude
But have you noticed, in the school scene, that one kid looks a lot like Rey (especially from her hair). Don't know if its her, but anyway this episode was really good, I felt like old emotions from the main saga.
Imagine if Dave Fioni and the other writers/directors of Mando did the sequels.....the dream!!!
He was talking about baby Yoda dying doopid, not a volunteer. He said the child is too small and can only harvest a certain amount of blood without killing it
Yo imagine if baby yoda gets mandolorian armor
Seriously? 2 ads in the first few minutes? ill go elsewhere.
I think Moff Gideon wants to be force sensitive, he uses the dark saber and seems to be the top dog. Maybe they make Snoke in the process of trying to make Moff force sensitive and Snoke screws him over?
Ohhh snap, snoke could be a failed clone of sideous
I wonder if Moff Gideon is Trilla's brother and is jealous of his force sensitive inquisitior sister.
I’m pretty sure the first time we saw the species that put the tracker on the Razor Crest was as Vanguard Leader in starwars squadrons
In the midst of making a good series, they might just fix the sequels
Carasynthia Dune ❤
This episode changes EVERYTHING!
Is there any significance to the medal given to cara dune?
Don't forget the cannon book that came out during the ep VII hype about Leia tracking down proof that something was going on out in the galaxy and huge amount of funding was coming from somewhere. The military knew it but the main body of New Republic government dismissed it. This episode suggests they already suspect something is going on and in the making. My hopes is that this arc can be a launch for a Bo Katan series.
Imagine the season 2 finale being a battleground on MANDALORE itself with the  Mandalorians, Mando, Baby Yoda Ahsoka & gang  VS Moff Gideon w/ 🖤🗡 & his Army of Dark Troopers!!!!! 🤯 #IHAVESPOKEN
I love how the mandalorian is trying to explain stuff with the sequels as well as taking so much amazing stuff from law, I am loving every episode so much and I am so excited for the next one. (also I love the breakdown videos theory, best ones out there I really enjoy watching them).
Loved Mythrols comment about there being no guard rail. Reminded me of that scene in the first star wars family guy episode where the death Star troopers superiors were worried they'd be leaning all day. Even before that I'd often wonder why the star wars universe had no health and safety whatsoever. Even a closing door could be lethal.
At 4:08 I was thinking this is either snoke or... Star killer. I haven't played the forced unleashed games in a very long time so, someone please correct me if I am wrong but, wasn't some of star killers clones failed experiments due to them still having visions of Juno and also having deformities? If so, I think there may be a possibility we may see star killer in the show at some point. If not, I'm keen either way to see whoever the clones are if we even get a glimpse of that.
The Dark troopers at the end look like the troopers from an old Star Wars mobile game I played once. I think it was called star wars commander
Hey Baby Yoda! Come to the Dark Side!  We have cookies!  Baby Yoda: *proceeds*
FATHERHOOD 101  NEVER PLAY WITH BABYS AFTER THEY EAT !!!!!!
That ending was very ominous and foreshadowing. I have a bad feeling about this.......
I want to see Ashoka & Rey fight alongside each other
Mando needs to go to planet earth and ask Walter white for advice on how to stop Moff Gideon
I like this new tjing Star Wars is doing where they just explain everything through a show or a movie. It’s giving us way more content and filling in holes
I really hope they don’t try and link the Disney trilogy.  We all know they were a disaster and need to be left forgotten.
i’ve seen a lot of people saying how they don’t want this to connect to the sequels. i honestly hope it does. if it keeps going the way we think it’s going, it could be actual high-quality and coherent damage control for the sequel trilogy
they’re finna drop ashoka for 5 seconds at the end of the season just like they did with boba fett
Lmao great breakdown but homie gotta lift his helmet up to drink and eat he did the same in season 1😂
do you think we will see ahsoka next episode?
Josh dropped and F bomb last night 😳🤣
great vid Theory geep up the amazing videos
The troopers at the end look like inferno squad
Will man-children evolve elder-children ?
anyone catch the child with reys hair in the classroom?
Is it my imagination, is Cara Dune about twice the size from when we last saw her?
See what happens when Kathleen Kennedy isn’t involved we get good Star Wars shows! Not identity Politics crap!!
I like it that they call it M count so people who know more about Star Wars know that it’s midichlorians and they know what they are. I think that boba will have a bigger role in season 3 and I really hope that ahsoka won’t die on screen that just wouldn’t feel right what do you guys think ?
I am scared.... I don’t want the mandalorian to tie into the new trilogy. I just want to forget that unplanned mess
I personally thought this was the best episode yet, I absolutely loved it
Dave Filoni and Jon Favreau when peoole start bitching about this connecting to the Disney trilogy: Do you trust me? Then you will trust my work.
And there is a kid with Rey's hairstyle in the school scene.
The mandolorian is getting quite interesting and dark
Those macaroons look like blue milk oreos that should be a thing irl
What if next episode din is getting chased and outnumbered and boba saves him in the slave I
what was the back ground music?
I don't think it is Snoke as all his cloning was done by Palpatine elsewhere. Can't remember where, trying to forget the train wreck sequels. It is more likely to be Palpatine himself. There is nothing First Order in Mandalorian yet, even the Imps uniforms.
When you realize that Snoke shows up later in Star Wars, but Baby Yoda does not...
God I hope it won't end up connecting the story to the sequels ...
I'm starting to feel like a n00b. I identify as a grown up who enjoyed the first 3 movies as a kid and enjoyed the next 3 as a mostly adult. I watched the animated stuff as a dad but, alas, as a dad, my kid grew out of the animated stuff so the season 1 finale left me wondering.....like Sam Jackson in coming to america (I'm old, look that up). Anyway, I know enough to be excited about asoka and seeing her in live TV  (my kid watched all the shows before rebels). I was looking forward....and did watch the first 2 last episodes of the films....and was forced to watch the final movie. When I saw the humanoid in the liquid I had the instinct it may have been a palatine clone but,,like you said, it could be some.  I've seen a few of your previous videos so know enough to realise they didn't have a clue but, at least Jon is a genuine fan and can at least link stuff up now it (whether we like it or not) iw all canon. I'm happy with what they are doing so far! They are bringing a few generations together! I'm guessing 3? Maybe 4? Let's face it, how many 'rebel ' fans knows greef karga actor is also apollo creed from rocky? Let's not forget his performance in predator!
First we get a nod to the the krayt dragon fight from kotor now we get an imperial base that looks almost identical to the kejim base on jedi outcast, favreau and filoni really are the absolute best people to have on charge of a star wars show
Dark Troopers bros!!! I'm more excited for them than I am for Asoka 😂
First watch party I missed so far, ready to make up for it with Ahsoka’s episode next week!
BTW it's more likely that those on that ship are phase 1 Dark Trooper droids.
When a half hour long episode does Star Wars better than The entire Last Jedi runtime
Every season 2 episode was amazing to this point! I am grateful that we get the Mandalaorian after those awful sequel films.
More esoteric thought:    What if the red and blue wire in the first scene are symbolic of light and dark- and how, like yoda, maybe the child will know both.  Or maybe that knowing both will cause some kind of “explosion”  For example of dark side in this episode- using the force to steal cookies from a kid lol
Bruh this was great
I've seen few people calling on the JKII thing about Artificial Force Infusion.
Amazing episode for me. But Disney made same tactic like in season 1: 1st long episode, 2nd shorter, 3rd short, 4th long again :V - reparing the ship was strange scene, because "Child" imho is smart enoght to do this :/   -I think Mando open up his helmet close to child, because he is sure there is nobody that can lift up his helmet and also Child is a part of his 'family' so maybe he do the progress, remember... in 1st episode a Twi-Lek lady made a tricky answer about Mando face, maybe in close relation he can show face?
I would prefer if they just decanonise the sequel trilogy as I think that mando is going to be reduced in terms as story as it has to fit into the shitshow that is the sequel trilogy, it has to fit with a shit story instead of making a better story.
Favreau and filoni just carrying the whole Star Wars franchise on their back
10/10 I loved it!
It seems to me like they’re trying to create ties—even if small ones—to the sequel trilogy..  But dammit this episode was fun 🤘😎
The dark side of the Mandalorian is a pathway to many theories some considered to be true. ))
I really hope they're not connecting this to the sequels to try and validate them. Please let this show stay as its own thing and not a desperate attempt to get us to like the sequels.
Those are the Dark troopers for sure, having phase 1 come out just following the collapse of the empire makes total chronological sense
Macaroons exist in Star wars? Haha probably made out of some Gross blue milk
If Ashoka is still connected to the force and the events of The Mandolirian take place after the battle of Endor then technically it’s possible she can communicate with her old Master.
I hope the mandalorian erases the sequel trilogy I hope they write a new time line
The guys at the end looking at the shadow troopers look like they are wearing the same suits the Death Star engineers in rouge one wear
If they kill Ahsoka I’m gonna riot
I think that Palpatine wanted to be "reincarnated" into a likeness of Yoda. Respecting his gift with the force, he wanted some of his species genetics to be more in-tuned with the force.  This is why they what The Child's DNA to help build a "super" force user.  I like that they really tied the new sequels in with a better story line, but it's the sequels and then I think about the Last Jedi ...
I like your new intro by the way, and take a look at that unusual episode
Hey I dont know if you guys like movie spoofs but at the very end when cara watches the squadron pilot walk away you can see the stone floor bounce as he's walking away
Just throwing this out there... could the Cloner have been referring to a captured Ben Solo instead of baby yoda when he mentioned the child? If I learned anything from the Gallery its that these creators are extremely intentional with everything especially the music. Little convenient to me Ben Solo's theme starts playing the moment he references the child, and didn't make any sense to me that he'd still be referring to baby yoda like that months after he was lost to them. Side note, Ben Solo is 4 years old at the time the Mandalorian takes place.
I'm pretty new to the franchise, so sorry if this is a dumb question, but what exactly does it mean to be 'force sensitive'?
This is what I’ve been waiting for, I hope this really does lead to snoke background and we get Andy to voice him again ❤️
we all like forget about boba
This episode was Grade A greatness.
I thought the kid with the macaroon was a girl.
i know all of use hate, dislike or where okay with the sequels i was not the biggest fan but i still found them intreasting. anyways i love how we can see how they are made and with palpatine and snoke so this can make us see the sequels in a diffrent way then normal which is very good
Has no one else not noticed Ray as a child in the class room?
Man the guys at the end are the knights of ren
What if I took Luke to Dagobah when he was a baby and Obi Wan raised Leia as his own daughter?
Was Mando wearing Boba Fetts jet pack in this episode?? Let me know
I believe that the black crystal on snokes ring is from the dark saber.
I just really hate how they’re pushing the sequel trilogy into the show. Us fans had suspicions from day 1, but damn do we not want that.  We love this show because it finally feels like Star Wars again. The sequel trilogy isn’t Star Wars. It’s Disney Wars.  I’m talking about how they’re obviously trying to create a clone for Palpatine.  Rise of Skywalker was garbage. Jar Jar Abrams literally came up with Palpatine in the middle of making it!!!!!!!! KEEP THAT OUT OF THE MANDALORIAN!!!!!
Greef: Ok, so this building used to be a bar and there was a crazy massacre. Also a green baby roasted a stormtrooper alive. Protocol Droid: Hey let’s make it a school!!!!!!
I got chills when Mando was doing spins in the Razor Crest "now THIS is pod racing!"
I think they could be imperial purge trooper from the force unleashed video game
Did you notice that the computer panel that imperial soldiers destroyed had the tech for starkiller base on the screen? Thought that was a nice tie in too.
While the Mandalorian is great, I feel the current road its following is very risky. The whole point of it was to deliver something fresh to the viewers, without all the stupid jedi/sith and galactic warfare crap weve always had. Its more lowkey, and its fresh, so the one thing I really don't wanna see is snoke or palpatine. They have had their time, and at this point it would be "ugh, palpatine, somehow managing to be the villain AGAIN?". Seriously, they really dont need any more involvement in star wars plots considering the fact 9 movies have already centred around them, otherwise its just same old same old. And lets face it. The last thing The Mandalorian needs is to follow a plot which focusses on adding more backstory to a trilogy that utterly failed.
I really hope they're not tying this with Snoke. I'd prefer if the show stays as far away from the new trilogy as much as possible.
Did ya notice the stage hand in the background? Ops! Good Grief... Karga!
i hope this isn't leading to Ahsoka's death
If you had subtitles, you see that the C3PO type droid is teaching the children about the planet Kessel and and essentially the Kessel Run! So cool!
The death of Ashoka is still open. Will it happen in this show?
**Theory** Different people/creatures are being used for tests to create the Shadowtroopers. The Shadowtroopers will then be deployed to destroy the Mandalorian and kill Ashoka Tano, or at least capture her to use her for the tests.  When they have The Child in their grasp, they can then harvest his blood and use it to create a force-sensitive body of Snoke, who, as far as we know, was a random being either created or found.  Once Snoke has been created, the First Order is basically ready to begin its activation. The last remnants of the Empire, many of which actually became FO personnel, will begin to stand behind a new flag. The flag of “The New Era”.  We know Palpatine was pulling the strings and we know that even after his “death” he still had plans put in place, like Operation Cinder. Could this be part of his ultimate plan for resurrection?  That is a MASSIVE theory, but I feel like it’s probably the most plausible one.
Season ends with some kind of boss round like Fallen Order where the heroes now have to escape Snoke.
Imagine if moff gidion is actually one of the knights of ren
What if the 'volunteer' is Boba ?!?
Fuck the sequels will never ever be canon
not gonna lie when they saw those dead bodies before they watched the recording of the cloning scientice i was hoping it was ezra for some reason and they have been using his blood but NOPE!
I think mof Gideon will fail to catch the mando and baby yoda and then hire boba fetts survives to the capture the child and mando
Wouldn’t it be awesome if Kyle Katarn made an appearance?
Wow can’t believe you spoiled the whole thing. Reported.
People are KILLING me on Mando this season with their spoiler-heavy headlines and video thumbnails.
My entire family are just casual fans who watch Mando with me and here I am feeling like God, oh yeah and is it strange that I really like the Imperial Technician (or what ever he’s called)?
So the Mandalorian has gone full Jedi Outcast's first map (Kejim Outpost) in this episode after doing a KotOR quest on Tatooine in the first episode.
Geezus Christ, do you have to post this crap so fast?   Some people have to work.   Wait a day  so people can get home to watch the damn thing.
Cara DUNE definitely isn’t related to Leia lmao
dark troopers are not shadow troopers
The thing in this tank sure was a failed Snoke. They used baby Yodas blood to create an artificial force sensitivity being that Sidious could use as his vessel.  Seeing how good Mando is makes it even harder to accept what the new movies are. They could have made such a great story.
The Child: *uses The Force to obtain snacks*  Me: He is wise in the ways of The Force.  ~_~
This def felt like Star Wars! Dope episode I’m super excited for chapter 13!!
I like the midichlorian thing but I hope they don’t screw anakin over by giving someone more midichorians than him basically ruining his character as having the most, they screwed him over enough in the sequels. Idk I just like the concept that he was potentially the most powerful and i hope/think they should keep it that way
I truly live for your videos
Half of the episode was filler smh
The imperial base on Nevarro is almost identical in design to the Eadu research facility featured in Rogue One - functioning as both a callback and in-universe consistency!
I don't understand how Mando's ship was fixed so quicky... It felt like an afternoon had passed and somehow his ship has gone from being held together with fishnets and ropes to being good as new? Bothered me a bit.
This was the best ep. so far
*Two ads play while watching this video* Casual : Two ads , wtf?! Me, an intellectual: This is getting out of hand , now there are two of them!
BOBA COULD BE THE VOLUNTEER AAHGHHHHHHHH
9:09 - I think it's a good referents to 'Blue milk" in e8, or to be specific - trolling =D I think those 'Troopers' are cyborgs. Maybe force-sensitive or test subjects to become force-sensitive cyborgs... Like hybrids between Dark Troopers and Shadow Troopers
I'm copying a comment, just to increase chances for theory to see this:  THOSE TROOPERS AT THE END WERE DARK TROOPERS, IT SAYS IF YOU TURN ON DESCRIPTIVE AUDIO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Still calling it “Nevarro VII” I see😒
Those a dark troopers 100% similar to Thrawns.
Your "FULL Breakdown" failed to mention the Storm Trooper failing to his death near them as the were gaining access to the base & the Mythrol's comment about no guard rail homage/Easter eggs to the original Star Wars' Death Star's similar lack of fall protection. Where is Space OSHA?
I think they are using the child for a host body for palpatine and the blood was a test for a test clone if it would work
Lucasfilm: here we have dark troopers.   Theory: could these be shadow troopers
Love how they say M count as they know saying mediclorians will give people prequel flashbacks.
What if the shadow troopers become the knights of ten
The sewer fight, if you seen it carefully it's the armorer's place from season 1.  I can see the 'furnace' tho
By the way the marshal in the first episode has boba gets armor
FUCK.....THE.....SEQUEL
During the classroom scene the droid mentions a maelstrom. I do wonder if this is a foreshadow for something? She also mentions that Chandrilla is now the capital of the New Republic.
i think you should lower the bass in your microphone in your mixer, in your latest videos your mic quality has too much bass and its actually hurting to listen to after a while unless i lower the volume  listen to your videos, don't think that because only one person says something should be corrected they are automatically wrong, I'm sure I'm not the only one thinking that  Great video still I like listening to your theories and watching your films ! the watch parties are a great idea especially with the timer on screen so thank you for that and cheersss
Really wish these were just gonna ignore the Disney fanfic trilogy, but I guess it isn’t so.
I love how they’re pulling so much inspiration from the games. 1st episode was KOTOR and now this one is pulls from Jedi Knight 2
I think the female Imperial Officer looks like Iden Versio. Maybe it's just me...
they HAVE to have Boba Fett in this show, they better not include him in the last episode of the season and then leave us on a cliff hanger
The figures in the tanks are failed subjects of the creation of Snoke. They finally get it right with the DNA of the Child
Please don't connect this show to the sequels Filoni I beg you.
Anyone catch the girls hair in the classroom who had it like Reys? Not a fan of that but kind of cool I guess
They’re filling in all the gas
I am surprised that you didn’t mention the school girl with the Rey hairstyle.
Can you do a video on the planets like the tutor droid? Like what the core planets are and why. the different rims etc.
what if they made the prequels first
I wanna watch this video but I haven’t watch the episode yet
Omg the mandolorian is bow gonna make the sequel trilogy even more canon which is ashame cuz i dont treat the sequels as canon but now its reinforcing it
one of the girls in the class room had reys hair, doesn’t mean anything but fun little easter egg
Was the girl officer at the end of the episode the same girl who was wearing those black robes in the episode before?
Descriptive subtitles on disney+ says they're dark troopers
I straight up  thought that character who worked on Mando's ship was Otchie from Ep.9
Honestly, I'm getting tired of Stormtroopers getting their ass kicked. It's just boring and unfunny (and i guess director wanted it be funny) at this point. Original trilogy was dorky and it worked then, but Mandalorian tries to be more serious yet they make it look like a complete joke. Bandits protecting Baby Yoda in S1E1 were more of a challenge than Stormtroopers.
This episode felt like a Jedi Knight mission, even before you mentioned it in this video.
This episode made me worried and I fear I will once again lose my love for Star Wars... I guess they will tie it into the horrid sequel trilogy and ruin it. If I can ignore that those ever happened I can be on board with Star Wars. I sincerely hope they make this its own story with its own villains and has a final ending without making it all just a story for the stupid sequels.
I think they are dark troopers they even look like them
mandalorian is such a great show
Lets not forget that Carl Weathers directed this episode - and did a great job of it!
You did not seriously post a spoiler in the thumbnail did you? Haven’t watched the episode yet and saw this video while scrolling through my feed, so I’m gonna be pissed if this is a spoiler.
Its obviously a foreshadowing of a prototype snoke 🤣
This episode confirmed the theory of Gideons intentions of Baby Yoda in this episode. He wants to be the new emperor. He wants to fuse powerful mediclorians with his blood and that’s what the experiments were. Failed test to use the child’s blood to make them force sensitive
Kinda looks like Ochi of Bestoon, like a reddish cousin. Maybe a disguise?
I hope we can see phasma vs mando. Ps phasma like she is in the comics
Theory did you see the guy in the Green shirt and jeans that accidentally got in the shot when Greef, Cara, and Din walked in on the Cloners?
Good episode as always but I was kinda dissatisfied and disappointed that I didnt get to see ashoka. But I must see past my childish needs and ways, to truly enjoy this amazing show🤙
Is the female officer iden versio from battlefront 2 ??
I don’t think he’s gonna show his face like Bo-Katan does I Just think he’s opening up to The baby since that’s technically his son
Were getting dark troopers 😱
Ezra bridger, Ahsoka, Sabin and the mando against shadow troopers and Gideon would be sick
Great video! Only i disagree with Anakin being the chosen one. Luke is and always was, while i myself believed that anakin was for a long time.   Like if we look at the "old" canon and legends, if M-counts were around, a couple of sith lords would have an even higher M-count than Anakin or any known jedi or sith in the trilogy's era's. Like Yoda said, A prophecy, misread that could have been.
I tell you now if they go forward the way they are going trying to blend it into the sequal trilogy they are going to lose so many viewers. Possibly me included because that is a trash story that I dont care about and I do not think many other paople care about either
Wouldn't all of those dark troopers have been destroyed when the reactor exploded at the end of the episode?
Hybrid uniform? For me, it's look like classic imperial uniform.
Force sensitive dark troopers???
I feel confortable after seeing this masterpiece they've done after thoose sequel movies they really did this serie so good.
HYPE!!!!
What I don't like it's how they made stormtroopers garbage in this episode (and almost every other). Stormtroopers need more respect!!
pretty sure the Alien who was ordered to do something by Moth Gideon is actually Mimbanese, which is Ironic since in solo we see the Empire was trying to capture Mimban, the home planet.
I love your channel!!!!! It's great!!!
This entire episode gave me so many Jedi Outcast/academy vibes, from the remnant base with the lava(outcast) to the speeder chase out of the canyon (Jedi academy) and then the fucking force enhanced shadow troopers at the end!! What a fucking episode!
I still say that the "new era" is not the first order....but the New Empire being created in the background ... they not only know about the cloning...they're in charge of it.  I don't think the first order knew about it?  The creation of the first order was already pretty well established in the Aftermath novels, right?  Could begin to explain Finn's force sensitivity, though.
Thinking about Asoka maybe she’s the one they are planning to capture for her force sensitive blood?
who else thought for a sec they were vaders clones at the end of the epi
You say Nevarro-7 but i think the actual name of the planet is just Nevarro. I think you’re getting it confused with Arvala-7, the planet where Mando met Kuiil.
I'm honestly quite worried about how the show is heading. I just don't want them getting tied up in retroactively justifying to dumb choices of the sequel trilogy. Like palps coming back, I'd rather just forget that happens. I've really been enjoying the mandolorian, but I fear that the more it integrates with the sequel trilogy, I'll start to get annoyed, because we know it's damage control, we know that that is not simply Favreau and Filoni being creative, because they're having to force their story into incorperating the sequel stuff and trying to make it flow into those films and actually make sense.
I really hope it isn't snoke. As soon as they connect this wonderful show to the sequels, a lot of people will immediately lose interest. The sequels cannot be salvaged. They need to be ignored. And while many people will say that Clone Wars filled in the meat for the PT, and thus made those stories better, that's because there was a good framework to work with. The skeleton of the PT was strong. It has a deeply compelling narrative and incredible world building with room to build and expand, which clone wars did. The ST has weak bones. It's a boring and reductive narrative that is incredibly disjointed and the fact it all takes place in such a short period of time makes it nearly impossible to flesh out in a meaningful way. Disney surely knows that the ST is reviled by a large portion of the fandom and would be smart to simply ignore it outright as much as possible.
what^s happened with Gina Carano she look's a bit overweigh
We haven’t considered the possibility that Mando will probably fail in his mission to get The Child somewhere safe. We know that the Empire/First Order are eventually successful in creating an artificial force sensitive being, Snoke. I predict that this show won’t have a happy ending for the main characters. Mando will fail and Baby Yoda will probably die and be used for the Empire’s evil plans.
This is what I’m talking about what an episode just wish those sequel movie didn’t exist it kinda ruins of what’s to come in the future for me
Idk why but the officer lady that talked to moff gideon she looks like quiera from solo
Where did it say that the Moff was tracking Asoka?
BTW it's not Nevarro 7, just Nevarro. I think you're getting it confused with Arvala 7, The planet Mando visits to find The Child and Kuiil in season 1.
I think boba fett will help mando understand the structure of the clone labs, since his father was very involved, I’m thinking baby Yoda will be captured and boba knows where and how to access this cloning facility
The "creature" at the beginning that places the tracker on the Razor Crest is Mimbanese by the way.
Highlight of this episode. Baby Yoda acting like he was in a roller-coaster during the fight and after that puking. I couldn't stop laughing. Also I am really hoping we will see how Snoke was created and Palpatine returned.
You know, and I am aware the episode is out already, but I see palps in thumbnail, I hope he is not mentions in this new episode or appears because I haven’t seen it yet, and if he does that is a spoiler and to be fair, the episode has been out for less than a day and people with jobs or school today would see this on YouTube without a chance to watch the episode. I’m probably ranting over nothing but I’m just paranoid
I've got a feeling Ahsoka is going to die saving the child ... then her blood will be used to finish off Snoke. Hence why we hear her voice in ROS ... It will be a heroes death.
Best EP of the season
"Black Armor? Not again." >_< - Kyle Katarn, Jedi Outcast.
I don't think that Cara Dune is the daughter of Bail Organa. I think this because in Revenge of the Sith when Bail Organa says he will adopt Leia he says that he and his wife have always wanted a baby girl. Maybe she could be related if she were the younger sister of Leia, but I don't think they'd go that far.
Man, if this is actual shadow troopers ( from jk2 ) i will cry, jk2 is my favorits game of all time
I hope to see Boba come to the rescue in his slave ship finding out he’s been tracking and watching the Mando this whole time
An actual FIRE ferret. Loving the Avatar reference. 👍
BABY STEAL COOKIES
They look more like Phase 2 or 3 Dark Troopers.
Is this the last time we see Greef & Cara?
NOPE.
The Mandalorian is the real sequel to Return of the Jedi
What if they are cloning Anakin skywalker???
So who does Moff Gideon report to?
Lol why this guy have to intertwine all of Star Wars, makes the universe seem so small. Watch Star Wars explained instead!
honestly, i didn't want the sequels getting caught up in the mandolorian. i wanted the mandolorian to divert from the shit trilogy or at least just not have anything to do with them.
I am assuming there’s clone version of Vader.
11:30  Boba Fett has the same symbol on his left shoulder as Mandos children of the watch clan has
Why is no one talking about how Coruscant was mentioned?!
Glad i wasn't the only one who caught the Kejim callback look! I immediately had flash backs.
Hey man not to sound rude but I think you should change the thumbnail
Am I right in saying that Carl Weathers directed this episode because if he did he knocked it out of the park
Force unleashed taught us you can’t clone force wielders 🤔🤔🤔
This is a long shot, but what if the mechanic is ochi?
Next Episode is directed by dave filoni. The episode's name is "the jedi". So i hope well see ahsoka next week!
Didn't see Ahsoka? Ok, see you next week then.
I have a feeling the "volunteer" is Moff Gidian
Does mando still have bobas armour?
I hope we don’t see the first order or any of that, I don’t think the majority of people want the show to go in that direction, they should just move away from the sequels
Maybe Ezra Bridgerit might be the second Donor (volunteer)... the fact that the Dark Saber, Bo-Katan, and Ashoka which mostly likely Sabine (A Mandalorian) is with her. It kinda makes sense that the search for Ezra might play some role in the future of the Series.
Do you think they managed to capture baby Yoda in the end and ended up using him for palatine or snoke?  (Thinking once the series is over)
Felt they were Dark Troopers
This episode was pitiful. There is no villain ! Look how the Empire is ridiculous. There is more suspens in lego star wars. 🤢🤮
Omg...Ik how Ahsoka gonna die😥😥😢😢
Iden Versio?
This may have been mentioned and if so sorry, but am I the only one who heard L3-37’s voice in the protocol droid teachers voice?
I see another twitter morons and articles about "mando doesn't take good care of baby yoda - he let's him do stuff with electric"
The Jedi Knight games were so good aswell as Kyle Katarn aka Chuck Norris of the Star Wars universe.
Cara Dune, Mother of Nevarro Weasel-Dragons!
I really didnt like it that they literally suffered zero consequences throughout the entire episode. Every minute was just win after win after win after win. I also didn't like it that every kid in the classroom was a human, missed opportunity there. But the ending is amazing!
Do you think that with Ashoka possibly being in danger will we see a live action morai? That would be dope
A macaroon is coconut. That's a macaron. One 'o'.
Loved the episode! Although, can't help but feel that "the child" spitting up was eerily similar to Goot doing the same after traveling to Ego.
It kinda makes me mad that the best thing that Disney has ever made with Star Wars is tip-toeing toward the WORST thing that Disney has ever done (the sequels)
Wow the cutoff hand of Luke...
Dr. Pershing says " I highly doubt that we will find a donor with a higher M count though". What if there is someone with and higher M-count...maybe Ahsoka? Could this be how she possibly ends up dead in The Rise the Skywalker? if she is dead during that movie.
Dont believe we will see any first order stuff in the  Mandolorian.  It didn't get started till around 21 ABY
18:54 of this episode you can see a some guy from the staggering crew in the background
Did you notice the March of the Resistance music towards the end?
Loved the start intro!
Palpatine and Snoke's theme play when the clones appear. You can listen it here https://youtu.be/Wt0FHAazNZA
This was a great episode. However, if you remember, all of the footage from the two early trailers came from the first four episodes. Now, we're entering unseen territory next week.   Also, this was a good nod to the video game SW: Squadrons. The spy that put the homing beacon on Mando's ship resembles Gunny from the game's New Republic fleet. Plus, the dogfights between the TIE Fighters and the Razor Crest was a great touch as well.
What if Ashoka and mando fight together against the shadow troopers while Ashoka wields her white savers mando wields the dark saber
Anyone else kind of wish mando did a bit more bounty hunting
My theory is The Child is going to be the next Sith.  Using force choke and stealing cookies from a child, eating potential children he seems pretty evil to me.
I’m lost on shadow troopers,  so are they just elite clone troopers or siths?
Well Theory I cant join the watchparty's cause Im sleeping when you go live sooo? If I could I really would like to join you but then I wont get my sleep. But I love watching the breakdowns you make cause you always see something that we dont! :-)
As far as I'm concerned we just got an origin story for Snoke. M count probably stands for midichlorian count - force sensitivity in the blood. If this is work on Snoke then sadly that suggests Moff Gideon will succeed in getting his hands on baby Yoda again.
That Intro is pretty cool.
Is it just me or does the character that bugs mando's ship for the imperials really look like Ochi from episode 9? especially after the imperial officer tells him he will have a special place in the new order.
If we follow the time line, that person that looks like Snoke can't be cloned from him, because we are before that time, so it's actually could be Snoke himself, a defected force sensitive person.
I hope that thing is Snoke. If this show is leading to connect with the recent trilogy, that would be crazy but also sucky because they still want to keep that trilogy alive
M-count is 100% the Midichlorian count, in polish dubbing Dr. said it whole instead of that shortcut they did in original english dubbing
attempting to give midichlorians or the blood of a force sensitive to another body seems vaguely alike to the reborn project. Except in Jedi Outcast, the reborn had to go to the valley of the jedi.
I am enjoying this show more than some of the movies. Mainly because they are respecting the lore and are not trying to force any sort of narrative.
Wait doesn't the engineer spy look like 'Ochi' from Rise of the Skywalker ?????
Nah, don’t make Cara a relative of the Organas, it’ll make the universe smaller.
Got some major Rebels vibes from this episode. It was great!
There's been so much focus on baby Yoda eating and being hungry this season that I fear it will come against him later
Really hope we dont see first order armour. Much prefer empire stormtroopers
just a quick question...why are the tie fighters using direct impact weapons...why is there no one using guided missiles?
I thought the lifting of the helmet just shows how he eats/drinks without taking off his helmet
She's from Alderaan? I has a sad
Why doesn't the Empire bring back the most powerful warrior, the best pilot, the greatest commander and the most terrible Sith in the galaxy - Darth Vader. Yes. I want the clone to be Darth Vader.
10:41not confirmed but if you look closely at the troopers you can tell they are dark troopers from the robotic joints
Honestly I forgot about boba until you mentioned him because they haven't done anything with him yet
I got a bad feeling about they will kill Ahsoka character
wait rey's father was a palpatine clone? lol i thought palpatine was getting around
I’m gonna be mad if this whole show ends up being an explication as to why palpatine and the empire gained control again for the sequels.
the worst thing is, Skywalker line is end in such spectacular way
My dumbass thought the guys at the end were Vader clones
I think the uniform of the Imperial Officer at the end is just a regular imperials officer uniform, nothing hinting to the First Order uniforms.
From the remenants of the empire comes the first order.
lol I lost it when the storm troopers came running in waving their gun around shooting widely. no wonder the empire lost.
If ahsoka dies to make snoke ima be pissed
If you slow it down and up the brightness, you can see they are droids at the end.
The alliance pendant reminds me of the ribbons they give you in the military after participating in a particular military campaign or war
I would like the clone to be Darth Vader. Because the Emperor was obvious, predictable. I wanted the galaxy to feel the power of Darth Vader again, without Emperor Palpatine.
I lost when it showed dark troopers. They’re my favorite troopers from ledgends
Just FYI, you can basically be a wandering Mandalorian with a jetpack in No Man's Sky (and yes in 2020 its amazing).
Anyone else notice that spy is the same species as gunny from squadrons ( mimbanese )
I hope it’s not Snoke...       But it looks like Snoke.
eh i kinda wish the show was just removed from the sequels but oh well
Leia's step sister? Now we're talking. But no nut november hasn't ended yet.    Be mindful, we haven't won yet.
if this part of Disney's trilogy...I'M DONE!! FUCK THIS BS!!!
I think the Mandalorian will bridge the gap between 6&7 and in the later seasons show how the Empire came about.  Moff Gideon is defo reporting to someone higher than him and the lieutenant said that mechanic would be “rewarded in the new age”. Therefore I think once Gideon is defeated, Richard. E. Grant will reprise his role as General Pryde or they’ll introduce a younger General Hux into the show and then we will see the splinters of the Empire form into the First Order
Thanks It was very cool with over 8.4 thousand of us watching together.
This show is getting closer to jumping the shark more they try to connect it to that Disney shit trilogy.
Please don't tie this series to the sequels, I beg and plead
This episode was ok. I liked it, but 2 gripes.  1) The food. This shit gotta stop. The vomit. Made me wanna vomit.  2) The plot armor is too thick. I face palmed a few times. They all came out without a scratch. And when the scout troopers blew up before even engaging in combat, I laughed my ass off. Let's toughen up the enemies a bit eh? Because no threat, and no danger emit little emotional response.
Dark Troopers bro!!!
Maybe they are using the force sensitive blood to help sustain the clone of palpatine
You play Star Wars tails from galaxy’s edge yet?
It is a shame we can't have Jedi master Luke cameo in this show. His age wouldn't be a problem with technology Disney has... it just feels wrong that he isn't at least mentioned when all this strange stuff with baby Yoda and cloning is going on there.
Really loving this season so far. I liked the first one, but this one is just on another level. I haven't really felt like there has been any filler episodes. Happy to have a kick ass Star Wars show to watch!
Man the mandolrine is saving star wars amazing episode
Back to Ahsoka, no Luke?
Baby Yoda doing his best to copy Baby Groot lol
It is a shame that this series must be attached to Disney trilogy background story, which brought star wars to ashes.
Whos the female officer at the end? Is that zara or iden?
This episode was different. Bad writing, bad acting and a little too politically BS for my liking. Series got good till now. But the "message" lingered there. They couldn't keep it anymore. "I want them out of MY planet. So the planet can be free". A stupid move from the producers.
Take away the women from power and you get great shows like this one. fk kathleen kennedy
This episode was VERY FUN and great build up to the next ones💜
is mandalorian taking place after return of the jedi or after episode 9?
Does anyone know Luke’s M count cause it could be higher than baby yoda due to being anakin’s son.
Weren’t they basically just blue Oreos?
If anyone could fix the unfixable its filoni and favreu think about it they could really help the whole sequel era
Hey theory, I reckon that the the person who is getting baby Yodas blood is going to be THRAWN!!!
I need to break down the complex "escape". So you're telling me, they gunned down close to a dozen troopers in the hall ways, that had hard cover corners, then they feel the need to steal that vehicle because they were trapped by 2 storm troopers in the small enclosed elevator with little cover........That was some lazy ass writing.  Like just shoot the 2 dudes......
They're farming snokes
I don’t think we’ll be seeing Ahsoka next episode. Because of that tracking device device that was planted on the razor crest, the Imperial Remnant will obviously find him and he’ll be set off course... AGAIN. It’s honestly annoying. I reckon we’ll see Ahsoka towards the end of season 2 maybe the last episode gearing into Season 3.
Loved this episode
The enemy are way tooo nerfed lol, so easy it kind of ruins the plot :/
Imagine if The Mandalorian would make the sequels makes sense, they'll have to be gods to do that
Mando, moff, Ashoka, and boba all in one season? Can’t wait to see how it comes together
"the mandalorian" aka the show that shows what everyone wanted and the explanation of the sequels
I knew that was Snoke's theme. The possibilities are growing bigger and bigger. From the way I see it, they're trying to do the Mandalorian to the sequels the same thing the clone wars did to the prequels. I hope they succeed that!
The next chapter is written by Dave Filoni so big chance we’ll see Ahsoka next week.
What scene was the “crew member” in? I must have missed that.. TIA! 😀
i agree with almost everything! great vid, you gave me a lot to think about buddy BUT mando will never remove his helmet, thats what Pascal contract actually was and thats why he left.
Jesus Christ is Lord God of all! God bless you all! Nothing, and I mean NOTHING, is too difficult for the Lord our God, with Christ, ALL things are possible!
If you didn’t notice when mando lift his helmet baby Yoda tried to look at him
She's called Dume... is she maybe Kanans sister or something, cause he's called Caleb Dume?  Would be cool
Absolute Boss Fight next episode i reckon
The dog fight was a nod to the Death Star trench run from a New Hope. Mando even came in and saved the day like Han.
YES JK2 reference!
This episode felt like a level in a video game
I really hope some how & some way this show doesn’t connect to the sequel trilogy. Hate to see this end like game of thrones
I stayed up till Midnight on a school night for the watch party
I was laughing when that New Republic dude asked cara “So you lost anyone on alderan?”
This episode was shit
There’s a girl that looks like Rey
i was saddened they killed of the only stormtroopers who could hit their targets
hate to say but i dont think well see boba again in this season
Though it would make sense i dont want this to lead into the sequels because Ahsoka has to die
Has anyone noticed Rey (maybe) in this episode ? When they arive in the school, a girl with 3 buns on the head?
Who on the production team is a fan of Macarons? That has to be the first “earth” based food I’ve ever seen in SW.
You forgot Shadow Guard from the Force Unleashed 1, they also were force sensitive
Why does M-count not bother me but Milocolodrian does?
Why is nobody mentioning the school scene where the protocol droid teacher is saying the old capital under Imperial rule was Corsuscant while the New Republic capital is Chandrila which is the homeworld of Mon Mothma?
Maybe we finally will know who Snoke was. Was kinda disappointed when he died, he felt like a filler character with no purpose at all.
10:03 I've seen her before but where?!
This episode is my second favorite of this season things in this chapter came from the game jedi outcast can't wait to see the next chapter seeing Ahsoka and mando taking on dark troopers oh man.
I think that Ashoka is gonna lightsaber duel Moff
This is the problem with “prequels” if they tie this in with the sequel trilogy why even bother watching this show? We already know what the outcome is... A shitty fucking trilogy where nothing new happens and where our hero’s (Leia, Luke, and Hand) all die as cowards... fuck...
What if palpatine actually lives but they’re trying to make snoke instead
The tracking beacon on the razor crest was totally predictable
That spy is the same species of Vanguard leader in SW Sqaudrons
Yo can you post these later and not the day it comes out because the thumbnails are spoilers for me who hasnt sat down to watch it yet.  Plz and thank you.
Are you ever gonna play KOTOR I and II?
So freaking cool wtf
Either Baby Yoda is believe to be the key to clone the emperor or it's a side project to have a clone Jedi army since Vader and the inquisitors killed most of them.
This might be a crazy theory, but what if Ashoka ends up getting killed off in the Mandalorian series.   Imagine the shock waves it would sent throughout the star wars universe.   They may use this to explain why she didn't show up in the sequels.
Boiiiii those are dark trooper XD
Shit... They need to stay the hell away from the “Sequel Trilogy” as much as possible...
way way too many ads dude. cool video though
moff gideon give a vador vibe I LIKE IT
At the ending, I immediately thought DARTH VADER ARMY
i personally hope that we dont see snoke, but I'd be cool with this program eventually being responsible for snoke
I do love this show and truly believe it is the best thing to happen to Star Wars under Disney (aside from Rogue One). However, I don't think that means that it should be void of any criticism. One of the biggest issues I have with the show is the continued portrayal of the Imperials as goofy, incompetent bad-guys. They pose no threat to the protagonists which takes the risk and investment out of it. My other complaint is that the dialogue is generic and lacks substance. The characters are bland and their personalities don't really differentiate that much. They kind of blend together into simple categories of either cool, nice, mean, or comedic relief rather than each character having more depth to them. While it is a good show, it could be even better.
I have no idea how much Dave Filoni's and John Favreau's back must be hurtin... carrying the franchise like that hard.
It's. Woke shit fest with at least 6 Mary sue characters who are just badass no reason behind it besides whaaaaamon strong lol it's a joke
Gonna watch after work, your picture is a spoiler thanks a bunch! Could we just get 24 hours before spoilers and analysis?!?
Just tat you now im canseling my sub, i just want no spoilers to the mandalorian, i always have spoilers  after season 2 of mando i sub again gg love U
Theory: Mandalorians had been hunted since the Purged, there is an increased price and demand for Beskar armor... what if Gideon is using the beskar on his death/dark troopers?  That would make them near unstoppable...
Another great episode, can't wait for next week 🙌🙏
Bet Moff Gidion used bescar to build the dark troopers!!!!!
I feel like as time goes on and Filoni gets his hands on more and more Star Wars related shows/movies, the ST will be some greater as a whole...that whole trilogy just needs Filoni’s touch.  This show might be what the “Clone Wars” show was to the prequels...it basically made them much better and gave them much more depth...knowing Filoni, he is going to give us the backstory the sequels didn’t...
Great breakdown, love your content always
My guess is Dark Troopers
That New Republic officer who showed up at the end of the show reminded me of the lazy cop who shows up after the crime has been committed and dealt with by the locals.  No wonder the New Republic failed.
When I first beat JK2, in order to defeat Desan; I dropped the temple on him with a saber throw against a pillar.
I hope they don't transition into the sequals so they can remove it from canon later on :)
I think the guys at the end are going to be Beskar Battle Droids. Not organic or force sensitive. Beskar-clad battle droids  with advanced fighting capabilities would make a perfect match for Mando. We know Moff Gideon siezed the wealth of Mandalore after/during The Purge. He could have made advanced droids out of some of it.
What do you suppose Bobba Fett did with Jango's helmet in Episode 2?
Although I appreciate that they're trying to improve the sequel backstory a bit, I honestly would prefer if they just left them alone as their own thing
After this episode im convinced boba will be a good guy, like maybe moff gideon starts shelling where the mando and asoka are and he destroys the razor crest and tie fighters or imp landing craft start to desend to capture the child and kill the mando and then the ships start getting blown up by a old but recognizable signal the slave one. I mean in t the EU era boba fett did end up training han and leias daughter to beat their son who turned to the darkside and with the mandalorian and other shows like rebels they have been slowly adding more EU material in
Prediction: They will capture Ahsoka and take her blood to make the Snoke experiment a success
Is snoke a luke clone????
Hey love your vids, but I gotta ask what happened last night. I seems you got rly mad all of a sudden. Just wanna make sure you’re good! Keep up the amazing work
Mando is going to be snoke
All the scenes from the trailers have been shown now
WOULD HAVE BEEN FUNNY IF JOSH POPPED IN, "OH YOURE RECORDING, MY BAD"
That’s no macaroon. That’s a SPACE macaroon!
Not to much a fan of this episode.. just felt like there holding out for Asoka. These little once a week 30 minute episodes.
And your thumbnail is exactly why I needed to watch it during my lunch break.
I wanna see Bossk the lizard bounty hunter somewhere in time love to hear how he would speak he is my favourite character in all of Star Wars but he is never seen or talked about? what up whit dat? bring it.
your missing the donner???..yoda him self ...not his son ???
Dude! Thumbnail spoilers!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Been waiting all day for this. This show is about to go nuts you can just tell
Snoke as a villain would be so bad in this
I really hope this episode was no sequel trilogy foreshadowing 😭
“ .. one with the Force   and the Force is with ..”
“Volunteer” is probably a forced volunteer and could be ahsoka
I didn't really like Season 1 as much as most people but Season 2 has been phenomenal and it keeps getting better
Caleb Dune???
That was delicious
69,000 views
#DarthPlagueisLives
If it is shadow trooper armor, then the cloned bodies could actually be attempts to create troops to wear the armor. I’m sorry I couldn’t think of a better way to say that.
Can you please not spoil Palpatine in the trailer next time?
Rian did you see those action scenes? That's what action scenes look like you tool.
*I wonder, of this is the fate of Barris's Offee?*
imo ep 4 season 2 was the best out of the entire show so far
just an idea what if the guys u said might be shadow troopers are dark troopers or death troopers idk wat there called but the clone wars veterans who are cyborgs now
I’m really hopeful that this show can make sense of the sequels. How Palpatine came back, the creation of the first order, why Luke was how he was and maybe even how Maz got hold of Luke’s lightsaber (with them finding Luke’s hand and all). I think Filoni and Favreau could basically “fix” the sequels problems with this show.
So New Republic X-wings can detect and intercept The Mandalorian and his lonely little Razor Crest ship with his Frog Lady passenger but they totally miss a huge ex-Empire Star Destroyer carrying an Empire war criminal Moff Gideon as he and his crew leisurely cruise around the galaxy.  No wonder Leia's New Republic failed and was conquered by the First Order.  What a bunch of baloney.
imagine boba and bo katan arriving on corvus to take down gideon, then a new enemy will rise
Can they not tie the Mandalorian into those garbage movies?
dude please dont spoil with your thubnails. i have yet to watch
I really liked the palpatine controlling snoke idea from the sequels. What made it even more satisfying was in the last Jedi when snoke is holding Rey Palpatines theme is playing and idk that just hit different. Love it.
ugh the episode sucked big time, what are you talking about??? it was so lame. no tension whatsoever and the space rebel police at the end with a legal notepad asking questions? so freakin lame. plus how fat can Gina can get before she's not believable as an action character?
Loved your breakdown can't wait to see ahsoka vs giedon! This is the way!!
I thought those capsules were darth Vader clones
Hello there
Another Chap,usuall chills😏
Didn’t watch all the vid yet but I think the child’s “M” count is midichlorians, and they are trying to clone palpatine or snoke with force powers. Tell me if I’m right if I don’t finish the video
i think this is by far the best episode
In this episode, when they go into the classroom at one point you can hear them talking about Kessle which is a reference to Han Solo run the kessle run in 12 parsecs
I don t know if I'm the only one who feel like this but :  There is one thing about that episode, Episode 3, and the end of season one that disconnect me a bit from the show, it's the idiotic treatment of the stormtrooper and the EMpire in general.  Idiotic in the sense that, after what happens at the end of season 1,with how they fight (legendary precision and great use of cover) how heroes kick their ass 1 V 10, I didn't fear even one bit that the protagonist(s) were in danger. I really, really think, that the classic minion treatment of the original trilogy isn't well use here and downgrade the show.   A military organization like the Remnants who possess thousands of trained soldiers since birth, numerous ships and a well developed Arsenal. They should be an intimidating opposant for a lone bounty hunter, even a mandalorian.  But yeah, they go to the base with 4 blasters, they shoot, they win. There is really no glory in winning in this case, even if the scenes are cool ! I just think that it's sad that mando have more problems against anything BUT the empire.
It was definitely another good episode. But it does worry me a little. That clone looked a lot like Snoke. I had hopes that this series would leave the sequel garbage pile alone.. But I guess it has to tie-in at some point.. Somehow. Let's just hope they do it more justice then. But they should still have plenty of years before they start building down to the the sequel era.. Let's not rush this please ;D
I wish I could do the watch party with you guys! But I can’t because it is at three am
How'd Mando struggle against X-wing but easily destroy tie fighters? They're essentially both the same class of ship (fighter) while the Razor crest is more of a fighter/hauler.
A clone of Luke??????? Yes!!!!! Please!!! So cool!
Maybe they are trying to clone Palpatine and all the Snoke clones are failed attempts so they need Baby Yoda to get closer
What i believe is yes, at one point they spliced baby yodas blood to create or enhance clones for palpatine later on in the years.. but rn i think their splicing blood to create this group or maybe platoon of death troopers for the "new era" as moff gideon says, and the only way for these "clones" to live on is to be encased in this bodyment of armor.
I wanna say that protocol droid is TC-14!
Dude, I didn't realize there were any other JK2 fans out there : , ) I was RAISED on JK2
I interpreted the lab scene as they were trying to make force sensitive super soldiers
The ship at the end looks more like a Arquitens-class command cruiser because the engines are more covered than the class light cruiser
It was amazing
I think the subject they wanted to stop all tests on was Rey’s father, maybe he escaped when the outpost blew up
Unsubscribing because I can no longer trust you to be spoiler free anymore.
7:53 Naah too crazy, I think they’re “dark troopers”
Welcome back Horatio Sanz tho.
Havent watched if palpatine is in it i will find where you live
That alien working on the Razor Crest who planted the tracking beacon with orange skin and milky eyes is a Mimbanese. There species is from Mimban.
I flipped when I saw Dark Troopers of all things at the end of the episode! Oh man, makes me still hold out hope that Kyle Katarn may be brought in to Disney canon someday. (I still consider the EU the true canon no matter what Disney says).
Can we not have this series attempt to steer things towards the sequels please? I don't want to be reminded of them.
What was in that bag Cara got in the beginning? I thought it was beskar considering where she got it and saying she was going to get it back to her owners, but then why didn't she give it to Mando? Am I over thinking this or is there something fishy here? I'd be heart broken if Cara turned on Mando
What is that symbol on Moff Gideon  technician back?
Well we know snoke/palpatine is around or atleast some shape or form because by now they are already corrupting Ben solo and Ben is like 4 or 5 rn
Subjects injected with midi-chlorians, dark troopers, that base... this episode gave really good Dark Forces/Jedi Outcast vibes
This episode shows why content needs to be handled by people like Filoni and Favreau. The insane detail, from visuals to music, is just amazing. Although I loved the lore in this episode, I really loved the music cues. You heard some Rogue One and I think a tiny bit of TLJ at 32:00 minutes of the episode. You also heard sith/emperor music when they showed the clones. Great stuff!
I don't think they are snoke clones but subjects for the dark trooper (cyborg version...probably injured or dying troopers Gideon manage to obtain and experiment on.....which explains why he's not afraid to lose troops) and thats why they want the child they want to make them force sensitive cyborgs.
Not really big easter egg, but I really loved how one girl in the classroom had Rey's hairstyle.
Who's bo katan ?
That scene where mando comes in and takes out the tie fighters is a direct copy of the trench run.
the best episode so far
You have such knowledge thanks for the breakdown
I just wonder why they didnt use Vader's blood.
I'm beginning to think Ashoka will be a season finale tease
I hope they are trying to make a force sensitive clone army! I don't want to learn anything about "Snoke" ugh. These guys aren't even in the same sect as the one that becomes the First Order so I don't think it makes much sense for them to be the one's getting Palpatine a body.
Haven’t watched it yet. And the thumbnail has Palpatine. I really hope your thumbnail didn’t spoil it for me. Sigh.
New to your SWT! Love it...love it.
If you look closely at the arms, neck, midsection and hands of whatever those things are at the end of the episode, the bodies appear to be 100% mechanical.
Damn man! Haven’t aeen the new episode yet, and just saw the thumnail for this breakdown.. if the picture of palpatine is a spoyler, i’m gonna be so sad😢
Gotta say, since episode 1, the CGI in the show has been one of the best in Star Wars. You can really see the budget difference with season 1
at the beginning when din is guiding baby Yoda through how to fix the ship is sooooo cute
This chapter was great but the regular alarm kinda pissed me off,  it didn’t sound like a star wars alarm.
Whats the music in the background??
Imagine Mando taking one of the red lightsabers after killing one of those troopers.
As soon as the episode was over. I jumped over to your channel so I can get a breakdown. I had no clue what I was looking at towards the end of the episode.
Was that Gerard Butler as one of the ship maintenance people at the beginning?
If only the thousands of people employed at the actual film division of Lucasfilm could've took some notes from what the television division was doing. This show feels more like Star Wars than any of those films.
I need to rewatch both scenes, but I think... I THINK, the Razor crest vs the last TIE fighter had some recreated shots from Anakin and Ventress’s dogfight in Clone Wars 2003. Some of those shots felt reeeeally familiar
Did anybody notice in the classroom that there was a little girl that leaned over to her classmate that had the same exact hairstyle as Rey? Age match’s up.
I was actually a bit disappointed. Felt like a B grade episode until last 5 minutes or so.
Does this mean that mando accomplished his mission since Snoke isn’t fully formed
They appear to be closer to dark troopers to me. Like in Dark Forces.
Favreau, Filoni and Lucas need to have full creative control over the all Star Wars content. These shows have been so good, imagine them creating a full MCU type saga, as opposed to a trilogy!
Plus what role will Sasha Banks have as a Sith
I really hope mando doesn’t remove it I hope he stays true to his self
Dude this honestly was a mind blowing episode and we haven't even seen Ashoka yet
nobody talking about pershing refering to yoda not only as child, but also as a he. so bebeh yoda is male without fear we can now say little green boi
This is not Nevarro-7. There is Arvala-7, where the Child was purchased at first, and there's Nevarro.
ashoka is about to go off next episode
I predict the child is a clone of yoda
If IGN did a review of the Mandalorian they’d say, “The Mandalorian really makes you feel like Star Wars.”
At first I was like “ugh another side mission” but damn was I wrong. Amazing.
If they tie mandalorian into the sequel trilogy I’m done with star wars .  They won’t get a cent from me again until the do away with it
I was wondering why he didn’t remove his helmet since it was just him and the child. I thought he was supposed to be able to remove it around him
I kinda hope they don’t go the route of validating all the sequel movies.  Even if they do a good job of it which they are.  I just don’t want to be reminded of their existence.
The sequels were horrible and I rejected them as true stars wars. I love the Mandalorian though so I was extremely hesitant when I saw those references to Snoke and the First Order. Hopefully this’ll turn out well and I’ll like it, I trust Filoni with my life.
This will likely lead to Ashoka and the child being captured. Mando will lead the Empire to two force sensitive beings giving them the upper hand. Mando will go back to Bo-katan for help.
I've watched all the star wars movies but I'm not like a star wars nerd so can sum1 explain to me how they could be cloning luke if he wasn't even born at that time?
LMFAOOO. You made it seem as if baby Yoda eating a macaroon was a pivotal moment in the story. 🤣 Thats so hallarious xD
Is baby Yoda really going to be part of the Snoke origins?
Who knows, maybe they combined the lore of both the Dark Troopers and other Shadow Troopers. I say "other" because I belive Shadow Troopers are cannon thanks to EA's Battlefront 1.
With Cara Dune's look on her face when the Republic Officer asked her if she lost someone. Just a theory, I bet you she is King Bale Organa's sister which is Leia's adopted Aunt.
Damn baby Yoda is an asshole XD
My theory is that the tracking beacon will lead them to Ahsoka, where they'll try to kidnap her once they find her. She may not have a higher M-count that the Child, but midichlorians from a master Jedi are probably still highly potent.
I’m not a Sequels fan but it is really nice to see Favreau and Filoni trying to fix the Sequels by giving context as to how Snoke was created, which of course lead to the successful cloning of Palpatine.
And baby Yoda taking that boys food that was way to cute
Baby yoda and Mando fixing wires reminded me of scene in guardians of galaxy vol 2 when rocket explains baby groot to press detonator button...
Noooooo i wnted to see ashoka
People said they were disappointed by this episode, saying they wanted to get right into the Ahsoka arc, and I find that kind of dumb, This episode was great, there were large shoes to fill after last week’s astonishing episode, but I believe it was great, it showed us The Moffs motives for the most part, explained what he wanted with The Child, we got a lot done in what some consider to be a filler.
My favourite part was when Mythrol said that there was no guardrail. Made me think of a new hope and the soldiers firing the death star superlaser.
I loved the ending with her it added way more to her character
That body looks like it’s from project N-K Necrosis...or perhaps it’s Snoke‽
I got sheevers all over my body when I saw Dark Troopers!
They more look like Phase III dark troopers
A girl in my class is the cousin of the actor who plays Qin. I searched it up, she actually is
You know who has a high mitchladorion count... Ashoka
Great episode can't wait to see Ahsoka in the next episode this is going to be epic love the videos theory keep it up man may the force be with you.
who else fell asleep in the middle of the watch party
what if baby yoda gets killed by dr. pershing at the end and that’s where they got the midichlorians for cloning palp
Could "the volunteer" be Boba Fett?
All those videos talking about how this episode was gonna be disappointing couldn't be more wrong lol
The Child is a Yoda clone.
I’m thinking finn is a clone or genetic mutation from mace windus severed hand from revenge of the sith that’s why he was able to duel Ben solo even though he never used lightsaber
I a huge star wars nerd but i hate the sequels.... i think the are insulting towards the ingenious story bevor. Thus i dont like how this great show ties into the sequels i think it is a waste to even work further on those 3 shit movies... imagine clone wars bad such a big budget as the sequels did.
Your the goat
Nah man those definitely dark troopers because they droids for sure but hey maybe they are shadow troopers your channel is really really good and keep making quality videos
Wonder where boba comes into this. Maybe he plays it off and saves them then takes baby Yoda for his own personal gain, he is a ruthless bounty hunter in the end. Then he could get some upgraded armour and fight mando 1v1
Carl Weathers did a good job!
Lmfao... “you know she’s evil cuz of the snake noise..” you’re not wrong Theory😂
Dude if they used baby Yodas blood for Starkiller, that would be cool
I'm worried for ahsoka cause mando is leading them to her and this is Bacially cool cause this is the empire/first order so ahsoka is basically gonna be fighting the first order
It was a good episode, although when I saw the failed clones I got a sinking feeling and thought of Snoke.  I'd prefer they steer clear of the sequels indefinitely, no Snoke, no First Order.  I did feel a little better at the end when I saw the Dark Troopers, hoping that is what all the failed clones were.  It's cool they are bringing some elements of Dark Forces into cannon.
Definitely dark troopers
You missed out that the red creature that is tracking Mando's ship is what I'm pretty sure is the same sith loyalist that tried to kidnap Rey but killed her parents cuz Rey could not be found. Hence, the great reward in the new era that the officer mentions at the end.
Is it just me or does Cara Dune look a bit chunky in this episode? I love thick women.  🥰
Inquisiters are they gonna be the one to wear the black suits considering they were taking baby yodas blood
I’m not sure how I feel about them using sequel stuff in this show.
i really hope this is not a backstory to the sequels. I want something new and totally unrelated
Maybe Bo-Katan will follow Moff and Mando to Corvus since she's after the dark saber
The dog fighting & big star destroyer coming into shot made the whole episode very Star Wars. It was amazing.... also THE CHILD IS EATING EVERYTHING!! If this is the only gag for The Child then it's starting to get old for me.
I hate to say it but I'm now kinda worried for the show.  Bringing in the sequel trilogy plot like that is a gamble to say the least considering how much a negative response those films received. lets be realistic- the majority hated those movies (myself included).  Its not like its even a minor plot or reference.  Eh... I don’t think it’ll be a small plot device.   Hell, now that think about it, the entire shows plot (besides the awesome side story deviations that sadly some call filler) is to protect baby yoda from being used to bring back palp or produce clone reject snoke. That ain’t no minor plot - it is THE entire overarching plot now!  Technically the narrative at this point is to literally prevent the Disney star was trilogy from happening xD Jokes aside tho, having the Disney movies loom over an otherwise fantastic and flawless story like that is like having a grey thick storm on your wedding day.  Who knows - there a slim chance it might not be clones for that... oh who am i kidding, of course it is.
You not going to mention that the girl in the school has hair like Rey and looks like young her
Who would have thought snoke theories would make a comeback? 2020 strikes again. Great episode tho!
Man I really hope the mandolorian doesn’t lead into the sequels. I’m just tryna enjoy some quality Star Wars content
If these guys were the ones in charge of the Sequel trilogy we could've easily gotten some of the best Star Wars films.
dude wtf fix your thumbnails the episode just came out i haven’t seen it yet but wtf
At 2:16 it looks like a mint oreo to me
Why couldn’t they let people that care for Star Wars direct the sequel trilogy 😢 this is proof of what can be done with the right people
no no no everything wrong. we have to see palpatine becoz he survived clones dies or real dies or what ever.palpatine alive in serie. biggest bad dude ever. why not in show LOL he let yhis moff guy rule? LOL yet another bad guy who die before next come.kylo. best of the best is alive. where is palpatine LOL HELLO disney you made this mess.dont change it now
This series is getting pretty insane compared to season 1
If you listen closely you can hear snokes theme during the cloning scene
OMG noooo, snoke noo, get aways from the shitquels
man i dont want the sequels to be canon
Great intro!
Yes, because the only thing that could possibly “fix” the sequels would of course be the Mandalorian. Genius move on Filonis part. Love how this guy is constantly fixing shit, like the prequels, and now the sequels
the DARK TROOPER PROGRAM IS CANON OMG HOLY SHIT
Similar thing  in rebels... Are they going to be droids or are they going to be exoskeletons....     We will find out       https://youtu.be/b59greuF8Zg
I really dont want that the mandolorian will have anything to do with the sequels
Lmao hey what do you know the director is respected the established lore and the fans liked it? Woahhh take notes Disney for your next shit trilogy
DARK TROOPERS who are old clone troopers enhanced with cybernetics but NOW capable of using the force through midichlorian transfusion, wielding black armor made of beskar that is impenetrable to a ligthsaber, made to hunt and kill Ahsoka and Luke and his new jedi! (Jedi Knight: Jedi Outcast anyone?)  Imagine Ahsoka having to fight her clone friends one last time, while Boba Fett comes back and is faced with the dilemma of having to see his brothers in such a terrifying state! He'd likely burn it all down like Ripley in Aliens
AYE!!!   Nevarro is just gorgeous, seeing it months later, seeing Cara Dune fighting off bad guys like usual is just beautiful, very beautiful. The breakdowns on this channel never failed to impress me, finding little eggs to find, including references. The dark troopers from dark forces is recanonized. That’s super cool.
Boba fett, W H E R E❕❔
Boba is 100% going to have some sort of pivotal part in the coming episodes, most likely the finale.
I really hope we aren't leading into the sequel trilogy bullshit, I want to forget that
Why does this dude talk so quiet, I had to put my volume to max
If Ahsoka doesn't appear in the next episode I don't even know what to say, come on
I think the armor stuff at the end is just going to be empires version of mandalorian armor.
Hello there!
Having this tie to the Disney Sequel Trilogy would be a mistake.  It would completely ruin the show for me.
If we see Ashoka it won’t be till the end of the season I think
It all makes sense now and when I first saw the body I knew immediately that it was snoke
The whole episode reminds me of Jedi outcast. Even the bad Storm Trooper shooting.
dude I haven't seen the episode yet and all I see is palpatine on the thumbnail. Hope that isn't a spoiler
I love this show I hope its not connected to JJ Abrams/Rian Johnson nightmare world
I don't like that it's hinting at any sequal trilogy crap like the new order or clones of palatine/snoke and shit. I know it's still just theory and the ending could be different, but i hope that's not the direction they take The Mandolorian if it continues in to the future. I bet for a fact that dave and Jon knows how much of a shit show the sequals where and how much everyone hates them, therefore I would see him trying to distance himself from that storyline as much as possible.
Based on the Captain's comments - were going to actually see the rise of both The First Order and The Resistance. Which would be nice to see how the First Order is apparently waved off and dismissed while 'The Resistance' gets no funding and has to use older model X-Wings (from what I saw - they were newer than the RotJ ones, but not the newest, shiniest models) allowing them to do things like, oh, turn an entire PLANET in to a super weapon unhindered.
Wait i mean snoke did work he was a defect tho ,but he was still force sensitive so eventually there would be a more suitable body than snokes which was what we saw in rise of Skywalker although he had to essence transfer to a newer body bc of the aging process which the new host was probably younger like in the legends material yet we never got to see that which was disappointing when i saw Rise of Skywalker for myself.
I believe that officer is just wearing a standard line officer uniform from the imperial era, she just has a different rank plack.
Almost one year after the the sequel trilogy ended, we are know learning about Snoke’s origin
I thought the macaroons were space Oreo’s 😭
In my opinion they should let the Disney trilogy rest. They don’t need to start something completely new, just tell it’s own story. But nevertheless I would of course love it if they continue with a new sequel version or idea.  Because it would kind of destroy the essence of The Mandalorian if they tie it to the Disney trilogy. Many love it because it feels more like a continuation to episode 6 and the “true Star Wars”, than like a prequel to episode 7. To go for a legends kinda way, would be way better in my opinion.  But the smartest choice would be if they just don’t mention the Disney trilogy or linking it to it at all, but still leave the possibility open that it will happen.  So you have new story’s to tell without trying to make it fit into episode 7 or anything. They can even link Luke to the Mandalorian and how he leads his Jedi School. Go for a more Gorge Lucas version, we’re they need to fight gangsters for more peace and control for the new republic.  Than end it with Baby Yoda teached by Ahsoka, Mando and Luke in his prime. Show what Luke can do and what great of an Jedi he is. End the show or the “new sequel” with the galaxy mostly safe, the Jedi are better than ever and everyone’s happy.  Now everyone that does not like the Disney Trilogy, can turn of from here and for those who like it, they can still watch it and pretend that it is a continuation of the Mandalorian or “the new sequel”.  For those who say that the the Disney trilogy has still logic errors and that they could be fixed with the Mandalorian. Well it’s not the Mandalorian’s job to do so, it’s more fixing the Star Wars-franchise-mess that the Disney trilogy left behind. There are the books that give inside on what happens before, so that gotta be enough.  With the Theme of Kylo Ren or Snoke playing in the background, it’s seems not that likely but that’s how I would like to have it. Who knows what’s their plan is, maybe they do or tell something out of both. That seems the most likely. Maybe we’re also just overthink it. 😅 So let’s just hope for the best and a great story.
Can’t wait for the next episode. Who knows maybe we will see Ashoka next episode.   THIS IS THE WAY
Does anyone here know how to get rid of blue macaron stains on fabric?
This was my favourite episode of the whole series so far, this episode had everything!
Cara dune is strong
Who’s with me that we see Rex next episode?????? 🙌🏻🙌🏻🙌🏻🙌🏻
the watch party was sick
Plot twist: Filoni and Favorou are making these episodes based on SW theories predictions of the next episode
Fantastic analysis! Thank you so much for this.
What level is Mando now?..His skill tree is growing pretty nicely.
Make a video on OCHI! OCHI was in Rise of Skywalker when he killed reys dad. It looks like OCHI could have been the person who planted the device on the razorcrest. What you think? Let me know!
Such a great episode. The reveal of the Child's purpose, the troopers at the end, oh just so good!
The beginning scene with baby Yoda was actually a Guardians of the Galaxy Vol 2 reference.
Why does every YouTuber title there 'recap' a 'breakdown?' more views?
what is the badge that the captain puts down? is that a job offer?
I wish that Lucas Films creates an CG animation series on Luke that tells the story of the path that took Luke to hiding. Of course, voiced by Jedi Master Mark Hamill! What you think!? That would be mind-blowing 🤯
Notice how the trailer has showed us a clip of every single episode so far
"We can tell that she is evil just by the snake noise that she makes when she looks back" That's speciesism. That could just be how that species breathes, you don't know! How dare you assume that this person is evil because they don't breathe by your standards!
2nd favorite episode of the season
Maybe when they track The Mando to Corvus they take Ahsoka to get the Mitoclorians then she has to be saved
My theory is yoda and mando will meet with ahsoka in the future.Then Moff gideon will send shadows to capture the child.The real fight will begin.I think after that fight ahsoka will die.And will say to mando that there is still jedi left.His name is Luke skywalker.Then maybe they will show him.And maybe Yoda will cause a tragedy to Luke.And we will see why luke is doing such things in the sequels.And it will connect to cannon
Was it just me or did the voice of the protocol droid sound very similar to L3-37 from Solo
Those had to be Dark troopers!  I love this show!!!  Thank you Dave for making cannon cannon again and for saving this franchise!
This is officially my favorite episode
No! Stop connecting the good mandalorian with the bad horrible terrible sequels
Are they using other force users blood too? The way he was talkin and the fact that it was from 3 days ago seems to imply that it wasn’t just baby yoda
Woohoo
I think this is going to put the nail in the coffin for anyone hoping that the sequel trilogy was going to be redacted and new movies put in its place.  If they continue going down this line of trying to flesh out all the details of those movies using the Mandalorian it could just be taking away from the independence of the series.
You can skip this entire episode and you'll have missed nothing storywise. Even though it was a fun enough episode I don't want the Ahsoka Tano reveal at the last scene of the last episode of the season, they're heading into that direction and I hate that shit.
Are they putting mandolorean in fortnite ? Lol 5:05
Can't be Smoke, the DT isn't canon.
NOW... we can say that goofy a$$ "theory" some people had that baby yoda was a clone is now... #DEBUNKED!!!! for good!! THANK GOODNESS!!!
I am gonna go out on a whim and say that this probably has nothing to do with Snoke/Palpatine. They were both made on Exegol. I believe this is just Moff Gideon's personal shadow trooper/dark trooper project.
I Dont get it I thought "baby Yoda" was actually baby Yoda and this was 900 years prior to ep 1 ?
Surely if Moff Gideon were force sensitive he'd be an inquisitor
awesome work man, super fun watching the stream last night
i cant remember when, but it was stated at some point that children of the watch mandalorians can remove their helmets in the presence of their family. it would be cool if din eventually does start taking off his helmet, but at this point in the series id say its more evidence that he considers baby yoda his child more than anything else
I think they are trying to breed an army of Force users or Force enhanced users. They clearly mentioned the “M count” as in Mydichlorians count. They are trying to clone the army and those things in the vats were the failed experiments. That base was more like a hidden cloning facility.  What he (Moff Gideon) had on the ship, those black cyborgs (?!) must be the outer shells/bodies. Some kind of fusion of organic and artificial bodies...like General Griveous was... but probably coded to Moff Gideon, to obey only him. That is why probably he has to be imprinted with the same DNA. So they will need the "donor" aka Baby Yoda again.  Plus, I think that the whole franchise is pulling away from the Sequel Trilogy and will soon render those movie as alternate timeline...one can only hope...LOL...
seeing that next week episode is called 'The Jedi' , LETS FUCKING GO
As much as I hope that this talk of a “new era” is just Imperial boasting and not a reference to the First Order, I’m also fully expecting this to be Disney’s way of starting out with their expansion on the lore of the sequels. And while it won’t excuse their poor handling, at least it can make them less of a sour thought, as it isn’t the show’s main focus at this point in time.  It’ll be interesting to see what they do with the Dark Troopers, and if these Troopers are failed experiments/prototypes of Snoke/Palpatine clones, it’ll be much more cool to see them in this type of action. It’ll all remind me of Dark Forces and Dark Empire, at least.
Shadow troopers dont have lightsabers lmaooooo
Disappointment when you called The Child "Baby Yoda"
I stayed up until the new episode came out and watched it before u
did anyone see baby rey in this episode? in the classroom? maybe before she was dropped off on Jakku?
Not going to lie I saw the alien on Navarro and my first thought was, “Gunny what are you doin here?!”!
If it ties in with the sequels it's going to be a litteral shitshow
I think we will see Ahsaka in next episode, becouse it's rumored to be directed by Dave Filoni
I REALLY hope next episode is gonna be huge because its going to be aired a day before my birthday!
I really hope we don't see ahsoka die pls not
Wish they make a R rated Vader Movie, Vader just wrecking everything in sight with RAGE !...
I really hope her sabers are white lots of rumors of her having blue ones or anakins blue light saber (I would hate if she has only 1 saber)
Theory: the name of Moff Gideon's ship is Los Porgos Hermanos
Didn’t Dave filoni say that Ashoka was still alive in the sequels so my guess is that she completely owns the wannabes with lightsabers cause we gotta remember she fought and beat a former with lord and fought and lived against Vader
So no ahsoka?
From Mandolorian we can actually see that the rebels did a even worse job then Empire, the entire galaxy is filled with criminals, there is poverty and the government is not listening to people
RIP JOSH F IN CHAT ➡️
Take a seat
I'm anxiously waiting for a Gideon vs Ashoka fight
Its funny to think that now the empire just needs someone who can use the force on their side as their soldiers when they had a full of more than 10 Inquisitors and they end up be killed by Vader for no reason ... and now they are making a mass just to creat one . Ironic 😂
Ok but imagine Ashoka vs Starkiller. That would be amazing!
what if Ahsoka is used to create palpatine 😳🥺
Never know, if Mace appears he may have drunk from the same fountain of youth as Bo Katan
Those aren't just Dark Troopers, they are part of the Inferno Squad.  Notice the 3 red diagonal slashes lit up near the heads of the troopers.  The Inferno Squad was a circle with 3 diagonal slashes
The only question I care about being answered is where. Is. Ezra?
i already thought that engineer was up to something at the beginning
Amazing episode!! So good!! Wow 🤯🤯🤯
You should make a video on what a shadow trooper is
Calling it right now, ahsoka comes in and mops the FLOOR with the dark troopers!
If they intend to tie this into the sequels I will probably stop watching it. I do have more faith in Favreau and Filoni to actually create a function story than just tie into a terrible trilogy. We shall see!
Great episode but please for the love of God keep this show as far away from the sequels as possible
I think in the tanks. It’s project blackwing
I sew a theory on reddit that says ahsoka will be killed and her midichlorians will be used to creat snoke. I hate this theory and hope it won't happen cuz she is my favorite star wars character and snoke was so insignificant to the story, i just hate it.
smnoke i made snokkke
I’m love seeing people getting pissed at Gina and Gina just shutting them down. This episode was great and they are spreading rumors that it sucks
That was REALLY a quick fix, huh? They fixed the Crest in less than a day! :D
The imperial officer at the end wears a standard imperial uniform, no First Order uniform.  I was disappointed that this episode confirms the Disney Star Wars crap of moving the capital from Coruscant to another planet. The sequels should be entirely erased from Star Wars canon, and The Mandalorian should make no reference to them.
I couldn't be more excited about this😭
I wonder what Kathleen contributed to this episode
Do you think that they are using Baby Yoda's blood to try to make people become force sensitive. I believe they are doing these experiments to be able to make Moff Gideon a force user so he can be strong and fight Ahsoka later in the series. Right now she would own him.  What do you think of that theory?
Awesome recap. There are quite a few things I didn't catch the first time.
Man, I really love your vids. I’m a huge Star Wars nerd and usually think I see all the Easter eggs in these episodes but without fail you always bring a new one to light for me. I appreciate your devotion to the fans and your love of the story. Keep up the great vids so we can all keep watching them.💪🏻💪🏻💪🏻
Let's hope it isn't Snoke, Mandalorian has done a good job ignoring the existence of the sequels so far.
Get that fucking snoke garbage out of my tv show.  The rest of the episode was good though.
What if Mando unknowingly leads the Empire remnants to Ashoka and they capture her instead of the Child.
I love your channel, but I have to say this. Your thumbnails are a bit spoilery, this time with Palpatine. Still love your channel tho
The tv shows Disney does r really good.
It would be awesome to see Boba Fett again
I think in  the beginning the mithrall (I don't know the spelling) was probably making a report to the Republic and/or Captain Tava, since they came so soon after the incident asking about the Razor Crest.
God that episode was fucking amazing
macaroons... in star wars... i have questions
Uh ....was that Brie Larson as the imperial with her usual smarmy grin???
Next chapter is called jedi
09:50 I really hope they don't make her related. Makes the galaxy smaller. Alderaan had a big population and we can already empathise with her for losing everyone since we know of that tragedy.
Ahsoka should make light work out of anyone they pit against her. After all she might be the second strongest person in the Galaxy after Luke at that time.
Now some people are going to complain that Mando is exploiting the labor of the child.
“You can’t clone a Jedi. It’s impossible!” ~Master Rahm Kota
those troop transports originated in Rebels, fun fact
My theory(just for fun): din flies to the planet where ahsoka is. Mof follows them and finds ahsoka too. Ahsoka and Moff maybe having a lightsaber duel....
If this does take place after rebels, do anyone think that Sabine still are with Ahsoka? And she will be reunited with the dark saber?
I really, REALLY hope that we get Ahsoka fighting Gideon. And as of now, we are totally blind as to what will be in the next episodes.
For the record though, Ahsoka would win. A few force waves to bring down their numbers in the early fight, she can probably take the remainder of them afterwards. She held her own against Darth Vader, who at least rivalled the Emperor at his peak, and at most surpassed him.
OOOOOO theory heres a theroy i just realized that since there is a tracking devise on mados ship he will go to asoaka , the imperials will follow him and asoka will get captured at one point making asoaka the focus of season 3.
I believe that mechanic is Ochi form TRoS
Time stamp 9:14 in the episode is that Rey?????
Time stamp 9:14 in the episode is that Rey?????
Time stamp 9:14 in the epidode is that Rey?????
Stormtroopers still bad at shooting lol. Nice episode
So, we already know, snoke existed, or in the time line of the mando, will exist. So that either means that 1) moff Gideon succeeds at sampling baby yoda or 2) the eventually give up making snoke come alive and sidious ends up puppeteering a lifeless body
Great video as usual but I have an idea regarding the volunteer. I don't actually think the doc was referring to anyone in particular but simply that they work on one "volunteer" at a time which would still make sense of using the term as singular. I also watched along with the watch party when i woke up this morning, so cool to see you have the same reactions as me! Something else that made me chuckle that you didn't mention was the Mythrol's objection to there not being any "rail guards" on the generator platform! Keep up the great work bro.
Macaron*
This "Snoke theory" makes me think that a series about Snoke taking place before 34 ABY would be a good idea. Barely anything was revealed about him in the films so a series could make this character  pretty cool.   Another thing to show could be what was said in the book: That Snoke was in fact self-aware with free will, that he wasn't even aware of his true origins and therefore didn't even know Palpatine, and that he wasn't controlled by the emperor, rather just influenced
They aren’t cloning smoke they are replicating him. Listen to the hologram it’s the first thing he says
The joke use to be ABOUT Stormtroopers, which still left them as a threat. Now, the Stormtroopers ARE the joke, which makes the action sequences a "spin on" affair as there's zero tension.
So if there’s a tracker on the razor crest it could possibly lead the empire to Ashoka
I thought those black suits at the end were sentinel droids like the ones thrawn used for training in rebels
maby thron will return
When’s the Spoiler video?
Where can i watch the mandalorian s2?
That would make an awesome season ender: Mando, Ahsoka, Boba and Bo against the last of the Imperal super troopers
I do believe they're Dark Troopers, but Shadow Troopers would be super cool too. Just more Legends stuff. All of it just needs to be a thing. It's amazing when they do it. Dave Filoni and Jon Faverau are really saving the franchise from what the movies did.
Thats appa from Kim’s Convenience!
I was wondering why didn't Din Djarin pay a little visit to The Armorer back at Nevarro?
Macaroon? its a bantha oreo fool
My theory is the guys in the tubes are something connected to the dark/shadow troopers
Just some public service info. Please, everyone, research what a serial actually is. Find out everything that makes up the serial genre. It is extremely important to know what it is when talking about the Mandalorian.  An abbreviated explanation is basically, a serial can be thought of as a never-ending (for the life of the Mandalorian) series of video books. Each video book has a beginning and an end. Each video book's story is unique to the video book series. Each video book has the primary character (for the Mandalorian, it is Din Djarin) that lasts for the life of the series. Each video book has a plot point that the story of the given video book revolves around (in this, video book 1 of the Mandalorian, it is 'the child'). Because they are video books, the episodes are done in chapters. A serial's chapters have missions (or quests) for each. At the end of each video book, the plot point leaves the story. This means when Din Djarin successfully gets 'the child' to its kind (and he will succeed, because that too is part of what makes a serial), that particular video book ends. The next episode will start a new video book, with a different plot point that the new story will revolve around. That first episode of the new video book will be labeled chapter 1.  Taking our current series, the Mandalorian, we currently are in, video book 1, chapter 12, or, The Mandalorian: The Child; Chapter 12. Using the season and episode numbers will mess you up eventually when a new book starts because each new video book will start a new sequential numerical climb until the end of that new book.  Knowing that the Mandalorian is made in serial form gives the viewer information that they otherwise would not have, such as, yes, 'the child' will be leaving the Mandalorian at the end of the video book; Every chapter of a video book will have a mission that Din Djarin will have to undertake for the story to progress, and there are no such thing as a 'filler episode' in a serial; There is no such thing as filler episodes, because each chapter introduces something that will be vital to the story later, only, it may not be evident at that time of viewing.  Serials first became popular on radio and in motion pictures, before television was invented. For the cinema, serials were a way to get people to become repeat customers. Generally speaking, serials were for kids, the feature was for adults. Over the years the serial genre fell out of favor, however, George Lucas loved them when he was a kid, and made his trilogy movies in a stylized serial format. Jon Favreau and Dave Filoni decided to make the Mandalorian in serial form as a tribute to George Lucas, and to help keep the genre alive.  I just wanted to give people a heads up, because I can't impress upon you enough how important knowing what a serial is when considering the Mandalorian series on Disney+.
Hi, just to clarify, it’s not Snoke’s musical theme that plays in the background when we see the ‘clone’. Göransson seems to hint at it with the male voice singing low in its register, but that’s it.
Did anybody else find Greef Karga a little suspicious in this episode?
I’m not sure why but the needed backstory of the sequels and other things that are happening in the Mandalorian I think it’ll connect it more to the rest of of star wars! I’m excited for sequel ish content!
Sad ahsoka didn’t show up, however understandable
The scientist spoke about the subject not having a high enough M count. A certain Ahsoka Tano does though...
The part with the rebel trooper talking about Alderaan was so cool and it just gave me a weird feeling
I thought Theory decided to do these on Mondays to give people a chance to see it over the weekend?
I've gotta say that I'm still impressed by how good this show continues to be.  It's  "only" a TV show and in my opinion it's miles above Last Jedi.
I think they are Darth Vader clones but the suit is updated I don't recognize the design
If you look up the episodes on Wikipedia, the title of the next on is The Jedi and is directed by Filoni!! Ashoka next week!!!
This is how you do fan service
I really don't think they're early Palpatine clones but rather just attempts at cloning anything with force capabilities (the blood) for force sensitive troopers to help restore order to the galaxy.
Its awesome that palpi is always a step ahead, with his contingency plans
Nice spoiler thumbnail, glad i already saw the episode......
Mando channeled his inner Anakin Skywalker being pursued by Stormtroopers  "I'll try spinning, that's a good trick!"
Loved the watch party, it was my third one that episode. Those clones really left me wanting more. Love the channel theory, keep it up and may the force be with you.
bruh i saw the thumbnail before i watched the episode 😞
I rlly hope they don’t try to connect this to the sequel trilogies
The violons sounds we hear when we see Moth Guidian (i have no idea how to speel it) are just so good. Just the theme is good.
Super soldiers and genetically modifying bodies for palpatine? Holy crap.
I really hope this doesn't go into the sequels that would just ruin it for me
Honestly thought those troopers in the end were Purge Troopers, and thought we were gonna be blind sided with instead of Palpatine Clone testing, they were about to bombshell us with making Starkiller, and HIS clones, as canon again, which would be an interesting plot to the story, potentially, imo!
I like the close ups of control panels, they made me think of The Smuggler's Room
My own theory (at least that I know of)... with the show hyping people up with Boba... would you put it past Filoni/Favreau to try to make Fett a Force sensitive? And as far as the clones, if they were in fact trying to use Fett as a donor; the clones are coming up in poor quality because they are cloning a clone (although Boba is supposed to be 100% clone of Jango)?
(John 14:6 Jesus saith unto him, I am the way, the truth and the life, no one cometh unto the Father, but by me.) Follow Jesus now, before it's too late
I think it’s time to bring Star Killer into cannon
I noticed the school had only human students, no other species. That seemed odd in the Star wars universe.
The mandalorian might make me start liking the sequals, if they actually show what happened instead of making it all happen off screen.
I swear to god this better not be connected to the sequels
My personal theory is that wasn't Snoke at all, but something else. Probably from the original EU. And we won't see "first-order" anything in this series.  Might be getting more of a "Heir to the Empire" story like how Thrawn was trying to consolidate power. I think Gideon had access to all of the Empire's weirdo projects and he's seeking to build his own vision. We might actually get way more backstory on the imperial remnant before the first order came to be. That's Filoni's thing too. He already demonstrated that to fans by stuffing rebels with EU stuff. And he's already doing it on the Mandalorian.   I just think Favreau and Filoni want to stay as far away from the sequels as possible for as long as possible. It gives them room to play without wading into all the baggage and fan drama that comes with the sequels. Why ruin the success by wandering right into terrority we already know divides the fans?
I really hope they don't start making this show more and more about the first order and the sequels
What if Boba is the volunteer?!!
What in other series could have been a "filler", this was certainly a side episode focusing more on character development (including even the planet Navarro) and subtly introducing new plot points or furthering old ones. It was great despite our perhaps because it didn't focus on the main plot
Sad that those trash ass sequels are actually beggining to get canonized
Y’all know what’s really sad. We have this amazing star wars content and it’s all leading to the disney trilogy ik it’s soo sad
WOW, it’s almost like when a certain someone isn’t in charge, Star Wars is amazing
At some point they need to give the stormtroopers a kill because the threat of them is pretty mutch 0 what makes the action scenes become very boring.
Moff Gideon feels way more threatening than the entire first order.  Really loving the season so far it got me invested.
Im loving mandalorian, but I wish it wasn’t connected to the sequel trilogy, John and Dave shouldn’t have to clean up kathleens mess
those labs did anyone hear the music ?? sounded evil looks like Gideon wants to be force sensitive
Love that intro
Could those shadow troopers be a canon version of the dark troopers from JK 2? They’ve obviously already made the reference a the Imperial outpost and in legends the dark troopers were old clone troopers and they have the actor for it. Also great vid loved the episode.
I found this episode disappointing alot of it felt like filler but some of it was good.
I am really enjoying The Mandalorian thus far. But if they link it in any capacity to the disastrous dumpster fire of a sequel trilogy, Disney Plus is going to be losing a lot of subscribers, including me.  There is no practical (much less sane) reason for Disney to risk alienating a significant portion of their core fan base with such a maneuver. Surely Disney is aware of the division caused by the sequel trilogy. Linking a successful, pay-subscription show like The Mandalorian to it would be stupid beyond belief. I can't imagine they would not have learned their lesson from that at this point.
I watched on my phone outside during the day. Big mistake. I thought there were a bunch of Darth Vader clones waiting to be animated with The Child's blood.
That opening scene was like i was watching little Groot Guardians of the Galaxy vol.2 (Rocket trying to get groot pushing the right buttens on a Bomb.....
How does the officers uniform have a first Order element to it
I thought that the Dark Troopers at the end would be the imperial version of the Commando droids during clone wars.
"we hear snoke's theme playing" anyone else remembers how we used to think Snoke had something to do with Plagueis because his theme was very similar? All the bad memories come back  Man the dogfights were great. Even the ties following the "tank" in the valley. Jon Favreau is a master of airfights. Even the ones in Iron man 1 were the highlights of the MCU for me
Dud now i will expect palpatine ir something related. Don't put spoiler on thumbnail!!!!!!! Unsub
I’m so so hyped for the future - the lore is getting crazy and I’m so glad they’re taking care of fans like us
I think a Good what if is what if the son escaped mortis with anakin
I hope dune isn't related to bail organa as not everyone has to be related, she can just be a person from alderran who lost her family
Damn the mma girl got fat!
Why couldn't the sequel trilogy feel like this?
Dr. Pershing looks very similar to Dr. Ikari from Evangelion. hmmmmm
The planet is called Nevarro, not Nevarro 7
The creature that put the becon on the ship was mimbaneese from the planet on solo
If they start weaving in the sequel trilogy into this im sorry but I'm checking out of mando.
I hope they ignore the sequels and go in a new direction
why Jedi outcast Jedi academy is soooooooooooooooooooo much better?
Pretty sure the chatter between the Storm Troopers in the base is straight from A New Hope...
The only thing I can say about them not being shadowtroopers is the size, i dont remember shadowtroopers being large in stature. The Dark Troopers howerver were giant robotic troopers. I will say i wont be dissapointed with either chioce they take, but i secretly kid-of want the Dark Trooper lineage to come alive. It was a fascinating project that existed in the 1994 pc game Dark Forces, and apparently the whole project was destroyed after the campaign was finished. But interesting nontheless! KEep up the great work!
Time stamp 9:14 in the epidode is that Rey?????
Half way through the episode I was thinking “this isn’t a great episode... and then BOOM”. Loads of info.  HOLY SHIT WHAT IF THE BLOOD THEY USE IS AHSOKAS (though I think Filoni said she lives beyond the show??)
I hope they erase the sequels or make an alternate timeline. Cause anakin isn’t the chosen one anymore. So that being said I hope these clones aren’t a snoke or if they are maybe change up the sequels and go for a whole new approach like Snyder cut on justice except for last Jedi rise of skywalker
The episodes are getting better and better ^^ I just love baby yoda 😁
Actually Dark Troopers are not life forms they are empire battle droids and my theory is I saw a chart of the forms of a dark trooper moff made the highest form of dark troopers they are called dark troopers to correct you I commented this before I watched the video so lets watch
Maybe the transfusion failed because Baby Yoda's blood is too different from human blood?
That officer that reports to gideon played george in znation
Why would you have palp as a thumbnail.......thanks for the fucking spoiler guy
The next episode is call. The Jedi
I thought the imperial officer actress that reported to moth gideon was Brie Larson... I hope not.
What time are you doing a play through of Jedi Outcast? Love that game.
Makes me wish Favreau and Filoni were involved in the sequels.
It was palpatins theme that played went they saw the clones
When your favourite desseret (Macaron) is apart of star wars !
Has anyone seen Kenobi?
It was a filler episode outside of a couple of big revelations.
The mandalorian is honestly so good and already better than the sequels ngl 😂 Can’t wait for future episodes. Thanks Star Wars theory you absolute legend!
Hold on a minute playa, shadow troopers are already canon. They were in SWBF 2015. They can’t be shadow troopers. In my opinion, they’re dark troopers. As for which phase, probably 1
These experiments feels like more for something else but my best guess is the development of a new type of troopers I can only call Force Troopers.
I think when the mandalorian series ends Everyone will start to like the sequels
I low key want to see a Dark Apprentice clone or a Dark Anakin clone fighting Ahsoka. Imagine the disrespect and heartbreak Ahsoka would feel having to fight her former Master. It would be Clone Wars Season 7 epic.
I was really hoping that the Mandalorian would distance itself from the sequels as much as possible, but I guess if they keep expanding on the backstory and do it well it may at least make the sequels a bit more palatable
I sincerely hope that The Mandalorian doesn’t show the transition to First Order. As it stands right now, what we’ve learned in Mando (New Republic, Imperial Remnant, etc.) actually fits with both legends continuity and Disney continuity for the most part. Kinda hope they just ignore the canon of the sequels.
Doubt Moff Gideon would beat Ahsoka, but who knows? Shadow Troopers? Let's do it...
btw navaro 7, did you mix it up with arvala 7, cause navaro is just navaro! honest mistake. Keep being great!
Bro why is palpatine in this thumbnail?! You do know not everyone has seen the episode right?!
I’m getting worried about the direction they are going to take this regarding the sequels
This will be a long day remembered....Star Wars Theory does the beat breakdown(s).
Star Wars theory I love Star Wars and your the channel really that talks about it this much and in one of you videos you said your gf likes Pixar and I also like that to! Your amazing
I think Moth Gideon will become force sensitive and will fight Ashoka in a final battle for the season
Mandalorian > Schoolwork
Another easter egg, the resistance theme plays when the x-wing pilot is talking to Cara Dune.
I dont think moff is the volunteer since the message is being sent to him I feel volunteer would be the first one that leads to successful snoke
So cool
Hey, imagine if they built up the First Order and Palpatine returning as a mystery, in books, animated shows, and now Mandalorian, for all of it to culminate in the sequel trilogy...
Since we're going to see ashoka in the next episode and the last 2 episodes so there's one in between them what if that's the boba episode?
What if they use ahsokas blood
Moff is trying to refine baby yoda blood so he can synthesize compound V, so he can start a corporation of super men. *The Boys crossover announce*  🤣
They need to get all sequel trilogy content the hell out of this show. We finally have good star wars don't ruin it
Do you think the clones were snokes
Yo cool bruh, u putting palpatine in the thumbnail. Not a spoiler at all man, all cool man. 😊
Great episode. Still getting tired of the Imperials are bad guys, can’t aim, kill their own, die in such gruesome deaths, aren’t a threat at all trope. So Disney at this point. Honorable men dying left and right.
I love how Baby Yoda is way more intelligent this episode.  Even though the blue wire/red wire scene is VERY reminiscent of Baby Groot and Rocket from GoTG v2, I liked it.  He's more like a 4 or 5 yo than a toddler like before.
You miss one point :  Baby Yoda is not a clone ;)
For once I hope Palpatine isn’t involved with a good story
She might be related to han solo
I still break out JK2 now and again. and this episode REEEEEKED of it. (i wonder if Kyle will show up) Loved it. its actually one of the best ones. I loved how it was actually less Mando in the 3rd only for him to jump in later. and was very surprised by the Director. awesome.
Only people who were in the watch party can like this
Fantastic breakdown! But PLEASE STOP spoilering in your video posters! Not all have watched the episode. Just post something neutral, like only Mando and Baby Yoda. Please. And also it's very important at start of video to warn about spoilers. Thanks, if you will take actions on this. I have been your fam since the first time I found your channel. May the force be with you!
I really want to see Ahsoka duel someone
The stream was so fun can’t wait for next week
Wasnt also written in the novel that snoke got deformed/scarred through a confrontation with luke? I didnt red the novel saw a video about that from theory or someone else not sure, also not sure if it was as i said i just remember it like that. Is there any info about if snoke really is a creation by palpatine or did he exist before and palps only experimented with him? It only would make sense for snoke beeing the volunteer if he actually was a normal being and he let them experiment with him. And am i the only one or does the head look more like palpatine than snoke. Yeah it has the same scar... but the shape looks more like palps somehow. Also the height of the body looks too small for snoke. But who knows maybe i am the only one who thinks that, snokes theme indicates its more likely to be him or at least related to him. And also this basically confirms that baby yoda isnt a clone or am i wrong, they just wanted to use his midichlorian count. Imagine baby yoda actually was the one they used to make snoke force sensitive. Next thing is ahsoka, im really exited  but also worried about how she will be displayed, look,voice....(ashley eckstein?) Another voice would be a disappointement for me. Seeing ahsoka fight with her white lightsabers would be dope but lets see. Also the first confrontation between ahsoka and baby yoda will be very interesting to see. And bo katans role, maybe fighting gideon for the darksaber? Not to forget boba, a meeting between all the mandalorians would also be dope. The Mandalorian just starts to get better and better, but i think a lot of these things also will happen later in season 3 so we have to wait for that. I really would welcome it if we would get to see/know more about the transition into the first order and also about how palpatine did return. Im not sure if/how deep they would get into it in that series but episode 9 really left too much questions unanswered.
I hope it’s not snoke, I don’t what mando to tie in with the sequel trilogy
is it child labor that baby yoda is fixing the ship? I thought he was 50 years old
What’s to say bubba is the tracker
Star Wars Theory: posts episode breakdown Me: I've been looking forward to this...
Filoni directing next week's episode titled, "The Jedi." HERE WE GOOOOO
I’m just mostly stoked about the Dark Troopers!
dont get me wrong the episode was amazing, but im so fucking disappointed we didnt see ahsoka
Well they don’t remove their helmets in the presence of outsiders.
I really hope they don't try to connect the  Mandalorian to the sequel trilogy
They look like Dark Troopers
Nobody:   Literally know one:   Me when I saw the cloning tubes 👀
the most important question was answered in this episode how does Mando eat and drink with his helmet on
Love your videos so much your an absolute inspiration to me love you bro!! May the force be with you God bless!!💙
I honestly got chills when Snoke’s theme started playing
Baby Yoda is using force for something that we all would use it to-food 😂 + Im so amazed how you pay attention to Music themes playing, Music is a powerful magic master Williams created
My prediction is that they’ll, for some reason, kill Ahsoka in order to make Snoke live... lord forbid they actually do it but that would explain Ahsoka being a force ghost when Rey hears her when battling palpatine... who knows. I feel as if she will be mortally wounded in a future season and Gideon will harvest her blood in order to progress his plan. Also, the next character that was in rebels I see being in the mandalorian soon realistically is Hera.
I hope they don’t try connecting it to the sequels to try and make them “better.” Would like to just forget those movies and not be reminded by this great show how awful they are.
Aren’t some inquisitors still alive tho??? Wouldn’t they volunteer?
PLEASE Don't tie the Mandalorian show with the abomination of a movies that the Disney trilogy was, please don't connect something we like/love to something that most of us hate.
If thats really snoke and the whole intention of Moff Gideon’s plan connects to the Disney trilogy, im gonna be so pissed. The Mandalorian should be its own thing
.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   .
I hoped the Mimbanian was Gunny for a bit, but it clearly wasn't.
I'm wondering if those clones are for the dark troopers or if they are for thrawn. Or possibly Moff Gideon will do what thrawn did in legends
hi great episode by the way i was in you rstream at 3am
Please, please be careful with what you put on your thumbnails. I've messaged a few SW youtubers over that, and titling. Not everyone has watched the latest episode yet, but because they generally watch that content they end up having these thumbnails on their homepages and getting things spoiled a bit. I mean you do you, but it's getting a bit disappointing to see so many channels clamouring for views. Emergency Awesome has become _really_ baity of late, I've unsubbed from a few, and had to ask YT to "don't recommend this channel" from here on out. It's a real shame to not be able to use YT for anything else if I don't want things spoiled.
Do Top 10 facts on Starkiller
The next episode: ‘The Jedi’
When he measured Anakin’s uh......midichlorian count
was really hoping that they wouldn't tie into the sequels.
Been waiting for this all day.
Blue milk now has blue cookies  💙
Sorry guys BB yoda or Ahsoka gonna die so emperor will be reborn at some point, I assume it will be Ahsoka or maybe even both
They are about to give a way better and detailed story of how the emperor (or snoke) was cloned. I guess they need to try and better the sequel plot holes some how. If John and Dave are doing it tho, it should be good.
OMG a Fortnite reference
It would be awesome if this happened: the mondo goes to see Ashoka, and they talk for a while, she's in awe of baby Yoda etc. As Ashoka gets on the Razer crest, and they are in the air, 3 ties start to follow them (from the tracking device) and the Crest is taking damage. But then we hear a very familiar sound THE SONIC INPLODER. As the Slave 1 appears from the horizon and help defeat the ties. then both mandos land on some planet (idk which) and they talk, and Ashoka starts to talk about Jango, and the stories she heard from Obi wan.The mandelorian gives boba back his armor, feeling bad that he was without it for so long,  then they team up, and they both go to defeat off Gideon.....
Could Asoka get killed off and her blood is the one that is used for the clone? We know she did die as her voice is in the ROS.
Do you think we’ll see boba fett again?
I truly wonder if Moff Gideon knew Mando would return to Nevarro and have this guy (at 1:14) repair his ship, thus planting the homing beacon, or if Gideon just had a guy on every planet likely to be visited by Mando to track him. Either way, GENIUS!  Also, it's interesting to note that tie fighter pilots almost always are HIGHLY COMPETENT unlike the storm and scout troopers
My hype level just increased by 1000000000
So was that confirmed snoke or no?
Hey man, I know you don’t like the sequels but let me tell you this.  Do you think Mandalorian will improve the sequels quality and enjoyment? I see the Mandalorian as the prequel trilogy for the sequels. It can explain Snoke, the First Order, Palpatine, Rey and more other stuff. Just like episodes 1,2 and 3.  I already love them but if Mandalorian explains all this stuff NOT IN A FORCED WAY I think it will help people enjoy the sequels. What do you think?
I can not stand the way you talk in that voice lmao
Carl weathers is badass. Amazing episode
They have been trying to clone force sensitive things  for a long time,,      doesn't mean anything...
To be honest I kinda hope they don't go down the first order route, although that was HEAVILY suggested this episode, I think we'd all prefer more sequels/clone wars/  OT tie-ins
As an real Sparky the wires touching were a little more dangerous then what was shown.
Damn it There goes out chance of making Disney trilogy non Canon... Just why...
Baby yoda was so funny in this episode
Let's GOOOOO. This is something iv been waiting for since the watch party. Can not wait for the next episode. #thisistheway
What are your thoughts on the potential ramifications of the child being capable of following orders/ understanding things that are said to him moving forward. The scene I am referencing is the cold open with the wires. In this scene he shows that he does have a pretty good understanding of what is being said to him and this means that “do the magic hand thing” could actually work in the future when they find themselves in a tough spot
There's actually a girl in the school scene that looked like Rey..
Nice episode for sure
It was cool to see them fixing holes made by J.J. Abrams in sequel trilogy, but I wish they hadn't, cause sequel trilogy for me doesn't exist, it's not canon for me cause it completely destroys Anakin's sacrifice and it's bullshit with 40 + plot holes. And since Mando is starting to connect with it, I guess I can't accept Mandalorian as canon anymore, which is too bad cause I really like it :/ Gosh, it's so hard to be a STAR WARS fan these days.......
very crazy lore episode. makes me excited but also worried because tying it to the sequels to much is dangerous.
What happened to the Mandalorian Armorer woman? Where did she go?
Many are suggesting it is either Snoke or Palpatine in the tank at the imperial lab. But the lab is destroyed, what happened then to the bodies in the tanks? If it was someone as important as palpatine or Snoke, wouldn’t it be way more heavily guarded? Doesn’t feel likely it’s just for a speeder to drive up to the front door and four guys enter and push a button to blow it all up if the lab holds the actual body of Snoke or Palaprine.  Isn’t it more likely that this is just one out of many research facilities working with similar experiments? If the base and its experiments were as significant as many suggest, one would assume Gideon would react much stronger when it was destroyed. He doesn’t seem to concerned about it.
Yess I was waiting for this video
Love you guys,have a great friday...
I can’t wait for episode 5,
I’m worried. Now we are just going to get some BS about the first order and the sequels.   *FOR THE LOVE OF GOD PLEASE IGNORE THEIR EXISTENCE DISNEY!!!!!!!*
I'm pretty sure that creature that was looking at mando it was in revenge of the sith when kenobie gets to utapau
I knew it was snoke when I looked at them
Imagine Mando with the Dark Saber fighting Shadow Troopers! And the Child throwing in
I’m thinking that the troopers at the end are wearing beskar armor. The Empire must have used the beskar stollen during the Great Purge somehow, and it would level the field between the two groups.
*sees scout troopers jumping*  Me: "Gotta hand it to those scouts, they got balls."  *Two scouts crash into each other*  Me: "...not much in brains but they have balls."
That ig-11 sculpture was a surprise to be sure, but a welcome one.
Yeah if this goes into the first order and isnt reconing the sequal trilogy im more than likely gonna tap out.
so they was extracting blood 🤔 interesting wonder what its for
Can’t wait for next episode
I bursted out laughing when those scout troopers crashed.
Watching this makes me like the sequels a little bit more. But the force awakens is super nostalgic for me. It was THE movie that got me into star wars more than just the average fan.
The creature is a mimbanese
Love you SWT <3
İ wish we had never seen new triology its a huge blackhole in all star wars franchise.İt was a big joke
This episode absolutely killed it!!! I never expected Ahsoka so I never was disappointed. I’d almost say this was better than last episode. It felt like true goosebump intense Star Wars without having to rely on nostalgia to keep fans engaged (despite the fact I loved last episode so much). Carl Weathers brought this episode alive. Every part of the Empire scenes gave me OT flashbacks and honestly I prefer the Empire era over this “New Republic” days. The stormtroopers, Gideon, ships, all of it! I love love love it. Thank you Mando for making me feel so happy when I see a new episode. The fact that Filoni is directing next episode means it’s just going to get better. ❤️❤️😭😭😭
The troopers at the end are dark troopers, turn on descriptive audio and it reveals it.
This episode is like a reference to Guardians of the Galaxy Vol.2  Baby Yoda messing up like Baby Groot while doing technical stuff. He eats a snack on the ship just like how Baby Groot ate some smarties in the ship and Baby Yoda puked from his snack like how Baby Groot puked
Guys the creature that put the tracking device on the ship is the person that killed reys parents. How are people missing this?? Lol
I'm glad I am not the only one who got those Kejim outpost vibes. I also saw the black armor (not again) around Moff Gideon in the final shot. I actually tend to think they might be bringing back the Shadow troopers from Outcast but we shall see. It'd be nice to have a Kyle Katarn there but that may just be a pipe dream.
Omfg please put spoiler warning before the rest of your title wth
BABY YODA IN SCHOOL THIS IS AMAZING! The Blue crackers and Baby Yoda almost blowing himself up LOL. Best day ever
Good job to carl weathers for directing this episode it was my favorite of the whole season.
They be making Palpatines 😳
When the scientist says "The Child is small", we can hear a theme that sounds like Ben Solo's theme, who by that time is still a child
There could be a possibility that they capture ashoka tano and take her as doner
:D
Hands down one of the best episodes of the series
Shout out to Star Wars Theory for being the legend he is!!
If someone could help me out that would be great. I’m confused how Baby Yoda is the blood donor if the recording is three days old, and as far as we know Baby Yoda has been within Din’s sight for the past three days. I’m still very confused how they would’ve gotten Baby Yodas blood.
This episode was sick to see some prototypes of jedi clones so that could lead to the legend lore of starkiller that was cloned on kamino
Imagine Darth Vader's clones LOL.
Next episode is going to be so amazing😆
How GOOD was that scene when Mando shot down the TIE Fighters?!
11:00 or maybe its just a special armor to keep person alive, like Darth Vader's.
I really hope they dont go to deep in the sequel trilogy in mando
im certain there will be a lightsaber duel next week, as Giancarlo said he broke multiple dark sabers a few months back
Ok so I am going to comment on all of your videos until I see a reaction to heroes fan productions new video The Last Skywalker, I won’t stop until you Do It. Day 12
What time do u guys do the watch parties? Id love to get in on that
Does that mean we won't get a happy ending with Mando if we are leading into the First Order?
Thanks for everything my guy. May the force be with you ❣
Unfortunately I do have a feeling that ahsoka will die in  the mandolorian
I really hope they dont go to deep in the sequel trilogy in mando
They really need to stay away from linking this show to the Disney Trilogy.  Heck, I'm almost willing to hope the 'New Era' the officer speaks of is in fact a subtle hint that it's going to be truly new and that those rumours about them shoving off the sequel era into an alternate timeline is legit.
This was the most disappointing episode so far
I dont think it’s palpatine for one reason only because they are retconning those movies
I kinda liked it, I love that we finally got a reason for the empire needing the child
Totally expected this type of episode before ashoka
You guys should definitely watch this video: https://youtu.be/OQqnd4SjgqE  Way more plausible and good theories
pretty sure those are dark troopers
It's Friday, 10:53 P.M 🌃 Here in INDIA.....i was Waiting For The Breakdown 😜 Will Sleep Only After Watching..
NOO I don't want boba not everyone has to be related. That is why I love this show we don't know who the mndo is but that is ok he is still a fun character!
Sequels probably ruined the potential for many possible shows after battle of endor, but Mandalorian is great
I saw a lot of people say that the clone is for palpatine, but i think its 100% snoke, as the Mandalorian happens 5 years after return of the jedi, and in the rise of skywalker novelization they say that palpatine transferred his mind into his clone body right as he was falling down the shaft, meaning that by then palpatine had already been resurrected, so this must be snoke!   Anyway that's just my theory, this was my favorite episode so far, really makes me wish that they had done the sequel trilogy about Mando! Can't wait to see Ahsoka, but i'm hoping she won't kill Moff cuz i find him to be a really cool villain!
When he said that they couldn’t extract enough blood from baby Yoda without killing him and maybe they could find another source of blood maybe they were referring to Asoka and trying to take her blood for the cloning. Like so he can see
nice
I knew that one of the people who was fixing Mando’s ship was being sus.
2:36 dude looks like Richard Dreyfuss
What if, in an episode where Ahsoka faces off with Moff Gideon, at the start during the 'Previously on the Mandalorian' we get shown the Tuskan raiders celebrating the Krayt Dragon pearl. This is because Moff gets defeated by Ahsoka but he destroys the Darksaber in the moment, stating that 'The Mandalorians will never rise' (looking at Bo and Mando). Bo Katan is there because she has been tracking Moff. WIth Moff going to Mando, who's going to Ahsoka it brings them all together nicely. After, they return to Tatooine and the raiders to grab the pearl and forge a new Darksaber, bringing a new age to the Mandalorians led by Bo Katan (Mando takes and keeps his helmet off). They can also bring back Boba Fett with this where BANG he introduces them all to Luke (personal wish :D ). Just my theory!
I’m thinking those are phase two dark troopers, not shadow troopers. Since that name is already taken in canon
i have never needed an analysis video more than after this episode
been waiting for this and its up lets gooooooo
Baby Yoda cute in school he was loving it
m count m count m count
06:05 Reminded me of Joruus C'baoth from the Thrawn Trilogy, the insane clone of the late Jedi Master Jorus C'baoth.
Dave Filoni is a champion of Legends. Watch him bring back the Yuuzhan Vong 😭
so excited about this episode it has set up so much stuff for the season i hope those shadow/dark troopers are a big threat
Those looked like dark troopers at the end. Possibly dark troopers phase 3
If Ashoka gets killed off in order to get snoke 'alive' i will riot.
Mando: Let's try spinning! That's a good trick! Baby yoda: pukes
Maybe Moff Gideon was breeding Royal Guards for himself.😲
I thought shadow troopers were stealth operatives, who had the ability to go invisible
Isn’t it Arvala 7 where the child was found and Nevarro just Nevarro?
Think they seem to be rushed wish they were longer episodes good so far 😀
Force sensitive Moff Gideon vs Ahsoka or Din Jarin. I wanna see this
Waddup gang
You called it Theory, no Ahsoka this episode but still a cool episode. I honestly don't mind the fact if it does lead to Snoke unlike some are... As long as it doesn't ruin it, which I don't think it will, I'm keen for more Mando
If this is true, then the child is gonna die................................... the child better not die....the child better become the boy, and then the teen, because I swear , Imma lose it, if he was made for snoke......... I swear on everything, we will hate this, since we know what happens to snoke...which was horrible and a waste
That "creature" is a Mimbanese
Just finished the vod for the livestream and this came up right after, great timing
My friends always wonder how I know what happens in  detail without seeing THE MANDALORIAN, welp if olny they knew
I hate that there tying this into the sequels, but who knows maybe they will rewrite a few things and undo the trash fire that was Disneys starwars trilogy.
I don't think it will connect to the sequels. Sith alchemy was attributed as the cause, and as we saw it was the sith eternal who managed the cloning VATs. I think it is another legends themed storyline, which I think will be really cool!
Early
Idc what anyone says but I think them explaining Palpatines cloned bodies adds a very dark and interesting tone to the story and adds more depth and connects the show and movies in a small but nice way
I’m telling you, Those had to be Palpatine clones
When the scientist said M-count, my heart raced. Moff Gideon has something horrible planned.
I feel like Baby Yoda will end up being one of the foundlings that Luke trained in his academy
Is it me or does the girl imperial officer look like qi’ra from solo
Cud b purge trooper
Gotta love how the doctor says "M-Count" instead of Midichlorians as they know if its said, everyone would go on a rampage.
How do you stay up so late? Lol I mean it didnt air until 3am for you right. I give you credit on that. I had a 10 hour work day, took a nap after work and still couldn't stay up until 2am my time to watch it lol.
This Chapter really felt like the “Star Wars” a lot of us have been craving!
Sequel trilogy confirmed for canon 😞
Said on the livestream that wasn't snoke lol  Obvious it was snoke in the ep. Look at his head
I was really expecting kind of a filler episode but this was big, great video theory as always
gotta say that blue alien just isn't doing it for me, takes me out of the show and feels more star trek than star wars
Moff gideon bout to get baby yoda and make snoke
I feel bad for Dave to even have to connect to those movies lmao
Makaroon🤣
Vader succeeded in creating one good Starkiller clone in TFU2.
u should do sum more on Harry Potter theory
hello there
These episodes are amazing!! I couldn’t wait for your breakdown
I really hope it isn’t snoke
Star wats theory, my dude. I don’t think it’s Nervarro 7. The only 7 was Arvala 7
Bruh, straight up giving us the backstory the sequels never had.
awesome
I took those clone things as snoke🤷 I am so hyped though this episode was next level
Who else was screaming when they saw the "Clone".
I thought it was the Palpatine's Teachings track from ROTS.
The new intro is sick! You always are killing it when it comes to production.
We are Theory's  Sith Troopers....
Dunno if you noticed but when baby yoda is sent to school, the droid teacher mentions kessel.
"Ive waited a long time for this".
NNNNNNOOOOOOO
Mando is unknowingly gonna lead em to ahsoka, our queen is in danger
Ayyyy theory crazy episode right?
That watch party last night was pretty fun although it sucks josh couldnt make it.
I was actually hoping to see the Armorer again at the beginning of the episode. Kinda bummed that we didn't, but this whole episode was still amazing.
I loved this episode so much man
Awesome Episode.   Great watch party too!
Loving the video man keep them up
Can’t wait for next week to see the highly anticipated live action version of Ahsoka Tano!!!
BROO I FLIPPED WHEN I SAW THE SHADOWTROOPERS
Ashoka is next week I’m just getting that vibe from a new hope return of the the Jedi and empire strikes back where you need a Jedi to fight for u
THE AMOUNT OF REFRESHES IT TOOK THE REVIEW IS FINALLY HERE ....this is the way!
Thanks for joining the watch party and following up with the breakdown.  See you all next week as we will witness Ahsoka in live action for the first time, together!! Have a great day, and may the force be with you!!
Really think the clones are for a type of force troopers.  Great episode.
Just in time
ATTENTION THE MANDALORIAN SEASON 2 9-12 SOUNDTRACK HAS RELEASED
Shadow Troopers: *Get recanonized* Blackhole: "This is where fun begins!"
Sup theory great episode and great video as always
Best part of episode, cast member in the background! Major plot twist coming soon
How you can watch a series that heads into the Tragedy of the Sequels is very strange to me. Big fan of Star Wars and SW Theory, just not ANY Disney garbage.
Did he say sexs or sixes in the beginning
❤️🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿
Just realized that this first half of the season is the whole trailer for this season, what’s the second half of this season got in store for us?
0:07 HE SHOUTED ME OUT IM SO HAPPY IVE WAITED MY WHOLE LIFE TO BE MENTIONED! Thank you
Feels good to be early.
I just checked to see if you uploaded this then 5 minutes later I get a notification
I would like our infamous smuggler of the galaxy to show up. Idk it's a western show and he's a western character. Give me some Mexican standoff between Mando, Han and Gideon.
Imagine Bo, Ahsoka and Din Vs Moff Gideon and Boba for the Dark saber 🤤🤤🤤
Dude i am loving this buildup i just hate that you already know that snoke is gonna die and how the skywalker saga is gonna end horribly  in Rise of Skywalker #releasetheJJcut
can’t believe they acknowledged the sequels -_- such a good show, they could’ve easily made the show without trying to explore the backstory of snoke, the most useless villain
0:53 u can tell he was trying really hard to pronounce the T in that
This episode was actually kinda funny
I’ve been looking forward to this
Anyone when they saw that Imperial base immediately think of the one on Zeffo in Fallen Order?
I was waiting for this!! I can’t wait for the next episode!!
I’ve been waiting for this
I've been waiting for this.
Stood up until 4am ET watching the Live! Best Channel Out there! Keep it up bro
When Baby Yoda can't complete the wires task: Baby Yoda was the impostor.
Props to Carl Weathers for directing and starring in an awesome episode of The Mandalorian.
Please do Top 5 or 10 characters or elements from Legends that should return to canon
Such a great episode, the ending was such a huge tease for the next episode.
Long have I waited
It can’t be Snoke. This is from Wookiepedia , Though he had only been created after the Battle of Endor,[5] Snoke claimed to have witnessed the rise and fall of the Galactic Empire. During his life, Snoke trained at least one individual as an apprentice,[9] and at another point Snoke endured a wound that split his head.[14].  And I’m pretty sure that Gideon actor said that he could be force sensitive. And using the baby’s blood gives you 2 weeks before you become deformed. So I feel like he’s trying to become force sensitive
Best Star Wars channel out there
I clicked on this so fast
Carl Weathers did a fantastic job. The next episode is titled “The Jedi”!
This is the way
Been waiting all morning for this
i can’t decide if i liked this episode or not
The imperial girl at the end of the episode Looks like the girl from the Han Solo movie??
cant believe i finally got on to a video a minute from its posting lol
Can’t wait to see more force-sensitive beings..maybeee
Someone like Starkiller would be so cool in the Mandalorian
With the thumbnail of the video, I thought it had the chancellar in it.
i think it was some of the best vehicle action in the show
The Mandalorian is overrated and boring. I said what I said
Loved the mando episode
i wanted ahsoka but got to see cara again so im not upset GREAT EPISODE IMO!
Just watched it! Omg it was so good! I knew Ahsoka wasn’t going to be in it. Obviously they were gonna extend it! Love your channel.
I’ve been looking forward to this
I’ve been looking forward to this
I’ve never been this early before
Alright Boys       *Ahsoka* next episode
We’re the things in the water snoke
I’ve been looking forward to this
#WatchPartyGang
Does it contains spoilers
Lets goooo
I think we will see Ashoka at the end of the season😔
Been waiting for this
Awesome video
yay!
3rd view !!! woot
You guys think Theory goes and reads our references?
Finally. Was waiting for this for all day.
Aww when they child was working with the wires i was crying.
3 views 21 comments?
Letsss goooo
I loved these last 2 episodes
Notification gang!!
It says no views so I'm considering myself as being first official comment no matter what the comments number says.
this episode is crazy
Last time I was this early Anakin still had limbs
such a cool episode and the watch party was too dope my guy
Here we go
Hello there
I clicked super super fast 😂
What an episode !!
I’m pissed I got to wait another week to meet Ashoka
wow top 10
Legit been waiting for this!! Even Semz Nerd said in his review he can’t wait for you to make a video on this!
I’ve been looking forward to this.
I just finished watching the episode and so happy this is on now
lets go
Love u
Ok
Never clicked faster
I love pickle smoothies
Yeah i think it’s Palpatine
🔥
Nice
